But trust me, he lost face and therefore the game.
And therefore what would be your next move?
I must therefore warn you firmly: If the drawings aren't ready by the 1st of April the company is going to lose millions of crowns.
I will therefore no longer stand in the way of your pleasure...
Witches were thought to have signed an unlawful pact with the Devil, and therefore they were burned at the stake.
Mlle Carlotta If you appear tomorrow night you must be prepared for a great misfortune, and therefore I advise you to be "ill" The Phantom
Accused, you are an Irishman ... and therefore we will pass judgement over you ... in the name of Queen Victoria.
Only he's coming down with the fever and therefore isn't quite as valuable. I won't have you talk like that!
I am resolved, therefore... here and now... to place in your hands... my abdication from the throne of Sweden.
I'm, therefore, going to ask him to tell you something...
But you have, therefore, we won't suppose that.
His attempted action must therefore be attributed to a diseased mind, afflicted with hallucinations of grandeur and obsessed with an insane desire to become a public benefactor.
We are therefore in the right to demand more space for the fathers of our children to earn their livelihoods!
I therefore beseech you all to fulfil the peace treaty I signed.
Your lives are, therefore, as a rule, shorter.
I know the quality of tobacco in it because I own the plantation where it was grown and I know therefore that when I light it, it will burn smoothly and pleasantly.
They therefore recommend that the same do pass.
I haven't reached that state of civilization, therefore I must ask you to leave.
They are inferior and therefore enemies of the state.
I have therefore decided to give up my office and go to Spain.
I am therefore enclosing for your consideration a list of your holdings, extensively cross-indexed.
I'm immune to happiness and therefore to burns.
Titania's on both sides at once and, therefore, neutral.
E is a letter most used in the British language therefore the figure most used probably in this message is e.
Which is an honorable estate instituted of God and therefore is not by any to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly but reverently, discreetly, soberly and in the fear of God.
No researcher therefore has had the luck to discover one of these animals.
"We therefore commit his body to the deep, "looking for the general resurrection in the last day
I did. I adore the boy, and therefore I think he shouldn't be with me.
A single whiff informed me that it had been recently filled, obviously after filling it, you would pour the contents back into the bottle, therefore you would have changed your mind about a cricket match.
What do you mean? They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
A booth like that wouldn't remain empty a single day therefore, I'd say the place has been closed within the last 12 hours, and for good reason.
...and therefore, without hesitation, come to visit me here in Bistrica straight away.
However, the interpretation of this fact as being final proof of the existence of the supernatural is merely supposition and therefore cannot be accepted without further data.
Tanner is dead only because he was discovered and therefore have outlived his usefulness to his creator.
Then you had to run away from that, too. Then you took on the role of Dr. Edwardes to prove to yourself he wasn't dead, so therefore, you had not killed him.
They are mere snipers and therefore must be brought to justice, is that clear?
And since she had no idea anyone would ever see that note but you it therefore has just enough of a confession to convict you of helping her kill her husband.
It is, therefore, necessary that we conclude our business at once.
Madame, I want them appreciated. I therefore give them to you.
It's therefore important not to confound them with anything the public might actually remember.
- We can therefore assume he visits her.
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
You lie out on't, sir, therefore 'tis not yours.
'Tis for the dead, not the quick, therefore thou liest.
But since he is bettered, we have therefore odds.
'Glamis hath murder'd sleep, and therefore Cawdor shall sleep no more;
Then may I ask who is to decide if a human being is inferior, and is therefore a suitable victim for murder?
By what right did you dare decide that that boy in there was inferior and therefore could be killed?
Yes, that is my weakness and therefore you mean I'm mercenary.
Louis. It was therefore theoretically possible that via Mama I might inherit the dukedom.
Mr. Lyons, a man of small faith, -- is therefore removing the scenery and costumes from the production.
When inserting the cane in the channel of the medular, it perforates and it destroys the spinal marrow, suppressing therefore the reflections of the animal.
Admitted to me today, therefore come too late.
The doctor said would therefore be the end.
She is the wife of a playwright, therefore of the theatre by marriage.
I suffer when I see you like this, therefore start talking if you love your mother.
Now, therefore the sword shall never depart from your house.
Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him:
I urge you, therefore, to surrender your arms and to evacuate the area.
You therefore suggest that the fugitive is here.
And therefore it would be best if... ...you brought Heidi to me.
We must therefore face the fact... that the hour has come to tear down the veil... and unmask this philandering gentleman.
Two women, each with half the qualities necessary for a man... And therefore, quite easy to find.
Let specialities be therefore drawn between us that covenants may be kept on either hand.
This noble female figure is therefore a symbol."
"It is therefore urgently requested... "...that I be ordered to combat duty, preferably aboard a destroyer."
We're therefore going to lend them a helping hand.
...our own goodness, and therefore the goodness of all mankind.
You will therefore follow these intruders wherever they may go, and bring me that cylinder.
Order and discipline, that is the most important this to him, therefore he doesn't allow the slightest deviation.
Yes, it can't be helped, therefore I must return home.
I can't trust you, therefore you must trust me.
My poor father drank champagne all day... his own make and therefore well diluted with mineral water.
The thickness of blood has gone, therefore, your reasoning is sane.
But before you become unduly familiar with Lieutenant Bushey, you stand at attention and therefore all the formalities then are strictly according to regulations.
Yes, but Excellence seems to forget that Her Majesty has just recovered from a very grave sickness, and therefore might not be able to cope with the stress of a representative journey. Certainly, Your Majesty.
The visit is announced; therefore, it must happen.
I am still here, therefore the curse is still at work.
And therefore only the clan can sell the land correct?
It's therefore obvious that Max has affection... and a deep respect toward this lady.
Being experienced, you therefore have education, you have knowledge... and you have wisdom.
I go to join him immediately. I will therefore be your messenger.
I am not an event ftsmann ä and therefore accountable to no one.
We must try, What you try is therefore if Hannibal is sincere or not?
And I felt therefore, for security reasons, I should recruit him, too.
In your welfare state you have social security, therefore you have no poor.
For as much as the spirit of the departed has entered into the life immortal, we therefore commit the body of, Carl Hasselbacher...
But throughout his life A man beloved by the children And therefore, A most important man.
I will therefore strongly advise you to... favor these documents with your signature.
Marcello, I can only be your friend, therefore I can't give you any advice.
I therefore say, fifthly... let the next injustice work against somebody else for a change.
Well, I'm glad you're okay and has therefore no need of my assistance.
- Will you-- "l think, therefore I am."
And taste is not the same as appetite... and therefore not a question of morals, is it?
We, therefore, have time in which to evacuate the island.
An expedition, therefore, must be sent to collect that tribute.
I come to you therefore with the hope of acquiring the use of your new balloon.
I shall therefore parlay Burgundy's victory... should one of your knights be bold enough to claim it from me.
"I therefore bequeath all my worldly possessions to whosoever...
Therefore... therefore, if we are to avoid cremation, we must act at once.
It appears to me that the ball fell into fair territory and therefore when striking the ground and hitting the batter the rules very definitely state the batter was out.
There are no more boundaries, governments or noble causes, therefore no reason to fight.
Kings have their ways, but you, you are in the camp of our enemies, and therefore an enemy of Greece.
You see, Leavenworth is still federal property and is therefore immune to the laws of the state of Kansas.
So, therefore, I prescribed myself a sea voyage and the exercise.
Know then, Princess Elaine... that as you are by the grace of God... the only child of our noble king... therefore I now place upon your head... this ancient coronet of the house of Cornwall.
Recite, therefore, as much as may be easy.
If all people everywhere could be content and their living standards even and compatible with ours, there would be no envy in the world and, therefore, less provocation of war.
The whole activity of the secret services is therefore focused on the strategic points of coasts where the enemy could set up sensors able to track atomic submarines and ultimately destroy them.
You suspect Gideon, therefore it must be Tex.
This one has no power anywhere, therefore means nothing.
You will therefore assume the position of a suppliant before this throne.
But I can tell you a blind man is an unnecessary hazard to himself and the whole plan, and must therefore be eliminated from the operation.
I can 't say everything is your fault and it isn't easy taking your life but this is for the sake of all people of the country therefore I can't let you go.
So therefore I, too, realise that you have many of the same eccentricities.
You are therefore guilty of blackmailing my husband!
We would therefore prevail... and suffer only modest and acceptable civilian casualties... from their remaining force which would be badly damaged and uncoordinated.
They are slower and therefore give more time for evaluation and analysis.
I therefore order every American to cooperate fully with Soviet officers
Modest, therefore intelligent. Together, we'll create something beautiful.
Then I ' ll explain that we' re gonna be married before the week is out, therefore you should stay on at Wykwyn.
And, I may add, no patron of architecture... sculpture and painting, and therefore, no comfortable living for artists.
It is therefore logical to sentence you to death.
In this manner, therefore, shall you pray:
So this court will, therefore, scourge and chastise him.
It's a matter of speculation therefore just how they did hear of the whiskey cargo.
You will therefore stay here until I make the arrangements.
Holding himself aloof from political ties, and therefore from political office, Calvin was courted by conservative and liberal alike.
We're afraid to remember something, and therefore, we don't.
I therefore intend giving you a jolly good thrashing. - Ready?
"And the property, therefore, reverts to the original owner, Herman Munster."
We can make poaching unprofitable and therefore unnecessary.
As of today, the FLN assumes responsibility for the physical and moral well-being of the Algerian people and has therefore decided to ban the sale and use of all drugs and alcoholic beverages and to ban prostitution and procuring.
So, the facts are now all in, the evidence has been heard, and I'm therefore ready to pronounce sentence.
I am therefore filing charges against these gentlemen before the Ethical Practices Committee of the American Bar Association.
It is therefore insufficient in law to charge any Christian to obey it.
Francisco J. Perez, was a Michelangelo for the humble, therefore could not be held best tribute that accorded by their companions
"We therefore commit his body to the ground,
We therefore grant you ten Earth time periods known as minutes to make preparations.
Look, that animal is a reserve animal, therefore it's public property.
Now, as for me, I was tracking her, therefore I was a potential danger.
they saved your life, therefore you're not going to write anything bad about us, but by the same token, you're not going to write anything favorable about the compound, is that right?
This substance may therefore contain the secret to combating this "Guilala. "
It was reasonable to assume, therefore, that enemy agents might contact her in the future, and so we kept the lines of communication open.
He's a man I think I knew - a man who is scheduled to die, and therefore better fitted than I to say what needs to be said.
Someone, either accidentally or deliberately, adjusted the programming, and therefore, the memory banks of that computer.
Obviously, Captain, if it is an intelligent creature, if it is the same one, if it is therefore capable of space travel, it could pose a grave threat.
We may therefore find it difficult to destroy, captain.
I therefore request permission to beam down to the planet's surface.
So it is wounded, and therefore twice as dangerous.
It is therefore self-sustaining as long as there are planets to feed on.
Since she hates swimming she won't cross it, and therefore she'll stay on the reserve.
Today, both went on a trip, ...and therefore I have a day off.
Let us pray, therefore, that heaven receives the soul of Mace Jones, and that the soul of his killer wander the darkness for ever.
I have therefore preprogrammed it to fly to a place of concealment outside the labyrinth.
But those who pay protection know that they'll never get inspected, therefore they can go on quietly building their bridges with manure! If we don't get rid of these people, they'll kill someone else. And in the meantime we're still looking for Colasberna's killer.
And therefore thou mayst think my 'haviour light.
Immoderately she weeps for Tybalt's death, and therefore have I little talked of love, for Venus smiles not in a house of tears.
We are therefore forced to trust Mr. Oxmyx.
But they have taken human form, and are therefore having human reaction.
It is therefore necessary for you to kill your Captain so that Sargon will die with him.
I know the bullets are unreal, therefore they cannot harm me.
You can't change anything, it is therefore pointless to worry about it.
"I must therefore request that not one more fighter be sent across the Channel."
And therefore, I intend to stop this habit... of taking liberties.
The signal is stabilized, therefore Okada can not be on the Black Shark.
I therefore beg you not to contact me.
A couple of hours ago some persons came by and said I was a brute and therefore I was going to be punished.
We believe that his work deserves to be taken notice of, and, therefore, we want to gather all his paintings.
To maintain order, I propose therefore, to assume the powers of regent.
You have therefore 150,000 francs. To close out the account... we would have required your signature, too.
There is also, therefore, the element of an aesthetics of human form in the Category-A system of subject classification.
A completely non-scientific burden is therefore placed upon the researcher for if the personal relationship between researcher and subject deteriorates the experiment cannot continue along its natural course.
An increase in physical distance may therefore be used by one telepathist as an effective defence against telepathic intrusion on the part of another telepathist.
The social responsibility of telepathic prototypes is therefore of the utmost gravity.
Glamorgan were all out for 36 and therefore won the match by an innings and seven runs.
Since the body was found in this room- and no one has left it, therefore the murderer must be somebody- in this room.
I must therefore transfer it to a healthy body to keep it alive.
We must therefore conclude that this alien is that often unaccountable rarity, a mutation, one of a kind. - Yes, I would agree.
It is definitely doing so, captain, therefore it cannot be a phenomenon of nature.
The planet is shielded from our sensors, therefore, we cannot scan it.
I therefore request permission to beam down to your council chamber.
You will therefore transport a member of my staff to your ship.
We are therefore going on to our next assignment. - Aye, aye, sir.
I must go to Paris to plead the boy's cause to His Excellency. Citizen Pinel has persuaded the administration that the idiot children he observed at Bicêtre Hospital share traits with the Wild Boy of Aveyron, and therefore Victor isn't capable of being sociable and nothing can be hoped for by continuing his education.
I therefore pronounce the sentence of death upon you to be carried out at once.
Youth is a state of mind, therefore I expect to be young for many years to come.
I'm not God Almighty nor Mussolini therefore I'm not infallible.
I beg you, therefore, let us bury our differences in defence of both our church and kingdom.
And are therefore guilty of all the treasons, rapings, burnings, spoils desolations, damages and mischiefs to the nation committed in the said war.
If it works, he will not commit suicide, so therefore you're preventing a mortal sin.
And this creature moved my heart so much, that I intend to marry her soon and therefore I find all the conversations about some so called wife of mine, very unpleasant.
I therefore urge the establishment of a facility to deal specifically with an extraterrestrial form of life.
And yet, since the accident, and perhaps because of it, you show clear signs of contempt to work and therefore towards money Why?
An extremist and adventurist politics, would play into the hands of the Right therefore try to understand!
"... we therefore commit his body to be consumed by fire...
And therefore we feel entitled to investigate on our own.
To honor the inviolable confessions I'm gonna burn the booklet therefore I'm bidding 100 dollars.
My portrait symbolizes scotland Yard. So thereforeone is obliged... to take the trouble to be presentable.
yet you continue. therefore we have no choice but to punish you according to the letter of the law
No, this happened at seven o'clock. therefore, it was before you returned home.
The victim, therefore, is perfectly lucid while she suffers those atrocities... without being able to move at all.
It is therefore in your best interest to vote in favor of going back to work, in an orderly fashion.
And therefore I will take A quick look in the book.
Well, these are some savvy and clever guys and therefore especially dangerous to us.
You were there to use, therefore, I used you.
Be, therefore, like the prow of a boat.
The audience is therefore an ideal community without class distinctions.
"of a valley. "But you have to cross it very quickly therefore you cannot stop
His advice is therefore very helpful for us.
Such disorder does not allow freedom of action therefore the King is incapable of ruling his kingdom.
I therefore hope that you will watch the work in every corner of the nation.
If he did, that means you're broke, and therefore, you're a very dull person and of no interest to anyone.
We therefore commit his body to the ground.
I will therefore make my questions brief and you can confine yourself to a simple yes or no.
I have therefore instituted divorce proceedings in which she is cited as the guilty party.
The murder must then have been committed by some person or persons in the Calais coach and therefore are now present in this dining car.
It used to take a week - - Before we have to leave, and therefore I have ordered for next Thursday.
This is not a press conference, therefore there will be no questions.
I therefore direct that all confiscated gold and valuables be sent immediately to Moscow.
Note for example that noses were made to hold glasses and therefore glasses exist.
Jaws are made to grind food and therefore food exists.
So therefore, Helen's murder wasn't about her being undercover.
He is therefore free of any significant psychotic disturbance.
He is your monkey, therefore it is your money!
He knows that I am unique and therefore indispensable.
"And therefore is not in any way to be enterprised...
I strongly suggest, therefore, that, in the best interests of your client, you delay payment for those few hours.
You will therefore be gratified to learn The contents of this note i have just received.
It is therefore impossible for me to come home now.
The universe exists, therefore it has a cause.
It follows God created the universe, therefore He exists.
Once again let me remind you that the rock itself is extremely dangerous and you are therefore forbidden any tomboy foolishness in the matter of exploration, even on the lower slopes.
I, therefore, have no alternative but to cancel all your extras.
It looks as if one of us is undertaken, therefore, working for the number one dealer in Naples,
I plain forgot talking was unauthorized therefore have I been penalized
We have therefore decided to withdraw the charge trusting that a greater justice will have been served.
While seeking to follow a constructive line... I hope none the less to be quite objective... and I have therefore come to the following conclusion... it is no good trying to fight gods.
And therefore I declare the nominee of the Republican Party... for President of the United States...
And therefore, impossible for the people to win power.
It is not, therefore, to be entered into lightly or unadvisedly, but reverently, soberly, and with the fear of God.
He's a Shaolin traitor. And therefore Shaolin should punish him!
It is therefore my aim to see you married as soon as decently possible.
So our best plan, therefore, is to show token resistance... and fall back rapidly to this, the Brisbane Line.
We therefore propose to invade Formosa... at the earliest opportunity.
Look, Germany and Belgium are small countries, their people live close by, and, therefore, philosophical ideas are spreading around faster.
Let's say before a contest, if I get emotionally involved with a girl... that can have a negative effect on my mind... and therefore destroy my workout.
I will therefore withhold the other two depositions we talked about.
She wished to identify the murderer to us, and therefore she dipped her finger in her own blood.
And so, therefore, I think we can take it, gentlemen that we are going to have a very long walk home.
There was no crime, therefore there can be no sentence.
Much is made of the fact that this waste is radioactive, and therefore there is some special problem produced by it.
There will be executions this morning, therefore Major Volkmann asks that your men be present and armed.
My master, Master Raffaello Sanzio... so sorry he'll not he able to honor his promise... and therefore feels obliged to refuse the commission.
This is the reason therefore you did not read their statements.
It is, therefore, logical to seek out the best that each nation has to offer.
Even if it's some miracle, it's still part of nature, and therefore, a hope in a sense.
Caesar, therefore every senator is guilty of treason.
I warn you, therefore, do not provoke me.
His first act, therefore, would quite probably be to kill Starbuck:
That their judgment is not biassed by their being in love themselves that they, therefore, judge better what is good for us that we ought to trust their experience rather than the passion which blinds us and that the rashness of youth often carries us to the very brink of dangerous abysses.
Tasida therefore spoke it with some courage, if not rashness.
We shall, therefore, hopefully no longer have to call upon you to resolve next Friday night's little extravaganza, Two Girls from...
I therefore declare you, Yale and Judy husband and wife.
Well, therefore I must put myself in his position and devise a means.
We have no knowledge the story is false, therefore we're absent malice.
We've been both reasonable and prudent, therefore we're not negligent.
You are the élite and are therefore expected to behave as such.
I have plenty of friends, and therefore no reason to commit suicide.
However, someone must own it... and, therefore, maintain it.
I therefore declare, you Edward, and you Elyse... husband and wife.
It would assist me greatly therefore... if my instructions, which have been given great consideration... should be observed.
I must therefore ask you to find some other resting-place. At least until 4 o'clock... when our next meeting is to be consummated as arranged.
And therefore I will ask you where you were between 11:00 and 12:00 this morning.
It should, therefore, be equally obvious that I must have typed it when I said I did.
And she is therefore at our disposal in marriage.
We have therefore summoned to our presence this woman, by name Rebecca, a woman infamous for her witcheries.
But still, it's classified as a commonplace mischief, therefore it doesn't change the overall situation at all.
The condition of the patient, still emitting blue smoke from his body, seems serious, therefore the duty doctor calls for immediate action.
I assume, therefore, that the meeting is over.
You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea... and cast into the Pit of Carkoon... nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.
I'm the oldest and therefore the "elder" of the pack.
If he that increases study increases wisdom, and therefore Life, then...
I am a woman of some authority, and therefore I have enemies.
Patrik's rescue will therefore also be a race for the boy's eyesight.
I decided to accompany Mr. Chalmers here and explain everything... therefore avoiding any future, uh, you know, complications.
Therefore he hates me, and therefore he must repay the debt.
It was given to me by a friend and therefore it is simply a friendship ring.
And therefore cannot be construed as business gifts.
The money in question came from the Schuyler's personal account, not from the law firm and therefore cannot be construed as business gifts.
Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God, in his great mercy, to take unto himself the soul of our dear sister here departed, we therefore commit her body to the ground;
Sadly I don't have anything for you, but therefore you got your wife for you alone now!
This day and this joy I'll therefore remember my whole live.
And therefore you didn't have enough strength, to defend your surrounding from the enemy.
The entire subject is distasteful to me. - And therefore closed. - No!
This is a Foreign Embassy. It is therefore illegal to set foot in it without proper permission.
I therefore postpone a final decision until Friday.
It is therefore not to be entered into lightly or unadvisedly but reverently and soberly and in the fear of God.
"Everyone dies, therefore there's no logical reason for ghosts not to exist..."
I would enhance it, therefore I come to ask if it can be combined with a betrothal?
His actions must be related directly, therefore, to the Duttons.
Most of the time, we only think that we know therefore, I can't really know you too well.
in the time of man's innocence and therefore not to be enterprised, nor taken in hand inadvisedly, lightly or wantonly to satisfy men's carnal lusts and appetites, like brute beasts that have no understanding, but reverently, discreetly, advisedly,
And therefore, all of you will return with me to Asunciön tomorrow.
I therefore urge you to grant me access to the library.
I therefore request you to confirm my sentence, my lord abbot.
We therefore would like to call our own expert witness.
So therefore, Esther can put the remains in the ground?
We must, therefore, I repeat, must begin controlling our thoughts.
We will therefore confine ourselves to aggression that you saw.
Okay, if someone is making you angrier and angrier, therefore, you have...
In accordance with clause one of the Special Pardon Order... he is therefore to be released.
And we know that the man who killed Miss Atwell is Yuri, therefore Commander Farrell is Yuri.
"ad hoc de facto, the parties herein have agreed to disagree." "This is now mutually consented to be de jure," "and therefore parties have certain obligations to each other."
The feeling of this commission to these violations is severe infraction of the home improvement laws and therefore constituted misuse of the license to sell aluminum siding as approved by the state.
The benefits of slavery in Nicaragua would therefore be two-fold:
looting and so on, and so therefore, he is condemned to die.
Is the definition of life cogito, ergo sum, I think, therefore I am?
And we were not looking... and therefore we did not see.
You didn't pay for it, therefore it's not yours!
We've therefore concentrated on treatment, finding new ways to improve the potency and purity of felicium.
The controls for the environment are, therefore, not accessible.
It's luck, it's a gift, it's a blessing, and therefore can't be undone.
The Great Death game is therefore a contest between red paint days and yellow paint days.
I must therefore ask you to adopt a less "marital" tone of voice.
We therefore commit its body to the ground.
looting and so on, and so therefore, he is condemned to die.
One must ask, therefore, why such a compulsively neat man would leave an unmade bed, unless he was snatched from that very bed.
"Cogito ergo es." I think, therefore you is.
Mom and Dad are my relatives, therefore, I am.
We therefore commit his body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes,
It brought it yesterday morning, therefore it has not there anything.
To Pipe it did not write anything in this day, therefore the leaf was clean.
Can I, therefore, rely on your discretion, Mr. Poirot?
Its activation robs me of my consciousness, therefore rendering me dead.
There must therefore be forgiveness and reconciliation in every sector of society.
He therefore sends you, meeter for your spirit, this tun of treasure.
But sweet Jack Falstaff, Aliant Jack Falstaff, and therefore more valiant being as he is, old Jack Falstaff, banish not him thy Harry's company.
"Bid him, therefore, consider of his ransom... "which must proportion the losses we have borne... "which in weight to re-answer his pettiness would bow under.
And, therefore, tell me, most fair Katherine, Will you have me?
Some wonderful geezer will make a broadcast, be sacked, and therefore able to join your wonderful geezers under a bridge.
Mr Suzuki is Japanese, and therefore a human being.
On good German aircraft therefore has a delay.
So therefore you are not going to arraign him for anything tomorrow.
The poisons are his pastime, therefore he sees them on the whole side.
Be locked, therefore she opens it with his key itself.
It was therefore what it brought me here! No, no.
Only that I am not very skilled what concerns the decoration, therefore I remembered of asking your experts' opinion.
He says it is gastritis, therefore it is gastritis.
We will therefore return you to your places of origin.
Your actions will reflect on this ship and on the Federation, therefore it seems only appropriate that your captain be at your side while you make your challenge.
I'm a living being, therefore you can't harm me.
Whether we live, therefore, or we die, we are the Lord's.
We therefore submit that trying this individual would constitute a mockery of the justice system.
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
Most defendants must wait for trial before they produce sacred cows like a Chief Justice as a character witness who is not under oath and therefore free from perjury.
But they were so proud to be white, and therefore superior, they kept their mouths shut and their legs locked tight.
It had no time to return to the dance therefore, I was soon for house.
It was therefore what it invented that ridiculous history.
It is therefore that I have here in the studio, the principal members of the party, whose lives were shaken for this tragic event.
But I cannot help it, therefore I resort to the men.
He returned to the window, but it was frightened by the Countess, therefore it stumbled and fell.
The necklace ... it dropped it, therefore he would return.
And therefore I want to ask about him a thing.
It is therefore that it was essential what the Ridgeway digs in the ship.
I do not know them to myself between whom, therefore do not wonder.
Listen. You are the one that encouraged their bad behavior. therefore you should have to be the one to teach them good behavior.
- There's no law in physics against it, therefore one day it'll happen, and I believe that day is very soon.
You chose to miss dinner, therefore, you will go without.
And therefore that the ocean can be crossed.
Explain to the Major he has little to fear from this General Marquis de Montcalm in the first place and therefore scant need of a colonial militia in the second because the French haven't the nature for war.
Your control over your children is therefore nonexistent.
And therefore, Bob Cratchit... And therefore, you can leave this house at once.
And therefore, I'm about to raise your salary.
Being men, and therefore stronger in every respect - we make child's play of all misfortune.
And...because this is England... Orlando would therefore seem destined to have his portrait on the wall. And his name in the history books.
The intellect is a solitary place. And therefore quite unsuitable a terrain for females who must discover their natures through the guidance of a father or husband.
You are legally dead and therefore cannot hold any property whatsoever.
Madam Ascher had no money, so therefore, you, Mademoiselle Drower, had nothing to gain from the death of your aunt.
Someone's planted the concept of bad luck in your mind, and therefore your subconscious is expecting bad luck.
What possess you therefore that produces so miraculous babies?
So therefore the same must be true with Godzilla. - Correct.
And therefore, how could you ever assume that you can control it?
The German war is, therefore, at an end.
It is, therefore, not to be entered into lightly but reverently, discreetly, and in fear of God.
Dear diary, I've kept the prescriptions I gathered in one year, and also the notes I took when I met the physicians... therefore nothing in this chapter is invented: prescriptions meetings with the physicians, conversations with them.
It would, therefore, clean up a potentially sticky problem. I see.
The competent officers in the relevant departments are therefore requested to arrive at the crime scene immediately. I repeat...
- No, madame, I am not Len. And, therefore, for you, I am not lucky.
Man is created in the image of the Creator himself, and therefore he has characteristics incomprehensible both to angels and to demons.
So, therefore, I have decided to commit my total financial support... toward the building of a privately-owned space laboratory.
It found it and, therefore, it left footprints.
He knew that it was going away to see catching the bullet, therefore it would have something to show him.
Alors, he was a man who was very rich, therefore, my first assumption would be his heir and nephew,
It would be impossible therefore, I imagine, to examine the dishes from the apartment?
The maid and the cook were therefore free for the evening.
It was not therefore that the girl Pauline would die.
It was this which Lady discovered Iris, and therefore she would be concealed.
signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and his Church and therefore is not by any to be enterprised nor taken in hand unadvisedly, lightly, or wantonly, but reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in the fear of God.
You must learn, therefore, to submit to the laws of physical reality.
It is therefore the rule of European culture the rule of European culture to organize the death of the art of living, which was still flourishing at our feet.
The warrant for our arrest... has been revoked... and therefore Matilde and I can now... return to the country we love so much:
"Watch ye, therefore, for ye know not when the master of the house cometh."
"She is a woman, therefore to be won."
He is my enemy, therefore he is your enemy.
A boat is a vessel that can be carried on a ship, and seaQuest is too big, so, therefore it's a ship, Captain.
You've just graduated from the most expensive and, therefore, best school there is.
Well, therefore, you certainly would never lose your temper... over something as trivial as the pronunciation of"chowder."
I haven't got time to discuss your business appointments, therefore I'm gonna send you to the cabin with this gentleman in the striped shirt.
It's just that the situation is strange, therefore everything seems strange.
And therefore killing Mr. O'Banion would be a great political risk.
Your share therefore works out to 285,000 rupees
I, therefore, give rather large rewards for the capture of pirates... including Morgan Adams.
So, therefore, micro-oxygen could solve our food problems.
I accept that as an excuse and shall therefore the action Reject because ethical misconduct.
- Very well. I'm therefore forced to move... to technical information of a critical nature.
I can therefore announce that our long and tragic involvement in Vietnam is at an end.
That responsibility, therefore, belongs here in this office and I accept that.
Life is the best teacher, and therefore it must not interfere with the building of the S.A.L.T. Two treaty between our great countries.
I am bound by oath. And therefore, pardon me.
Norland, in its entirety, is therefore yours by law.
My, my, my. I must be displaying the symptomatic behavior of the classic male emotional distancer, precipitating her to overfunction in the relationship, therefore causing deep-seated resentment.
Ah, yes, philosophy. "l think, therefore I am." Descartes.
I thought I was there, therefore I probably was.
I am the enemy of your enemy, and therefore, hopefully, your friend.
Hyberion will only know that your planet is peopled, and therefore conquerable, if he's successful in returning with my head.
It would therefore seem that my usefulness has come to an end.
I have therefore directed to use all forces available,... ..including ground forces,... ..to eject the Iraqi army from Kuwait.
I'm an officer, and therefore, by proclamation, a gentleman,... ..but don't abuse that, son.
But a farmer needs none of my help... and is therefore as much above my notice as he is below it.
It makes them enigmatic and therefore a joy to defile.
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia and therefore I forbid my tears.
I tell thee she is, therefore make her grave straight.
You lie out on't, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
'Tis for the dead, not for the quick, therefore thou liest.
But since he is bettered, we have therefore odds.
Only you could access this box therefore one of two things ha s happened:
For the lady is young and, therefore, if you should deal double with her truly it were an ill thing, and very weak dealing.
I myself do not believe, but I believe that others believe, and therefore I will use it.
Et bien, Madame, it was a crime which did not succeed, and therefore, the objective it is unknown.
But the enemy also knew about this sign in the sky, and therefore, Yun had to prepare himself. Since the secret of the Gate of Time had been given away once and for all, there was no place for he and Bin to hide.
We therefore commit these bodies to the deep.
- I'm Superman. I see. And rules, therefore, don't apply to you.
Unfortunately, I will be out of town with my lady and therefore unable to bid on the lot.
So one could say... without being unreasonable, I think, that the Federation is partially responsible for what's happened and therefore, duty bound to correct the situation.
Compared to the roach, we are gods, _.and must therefore act accordingly.
She can't even get airline tickets without talking... to somebody like me; therefore, let me speak to the White House. I promise you, I'm the one person who can make this all work out.
The behavior you attribute to your tormentors, your victims, to be more precise, and therefore every other aspect of your testimony, makes no sense.
We are then left with the alternative, that they are not slaves and therefore cannot be considered merchandise but are, rather, free individuals with certain legal and moral rights, including the right to engage in insurrection against those who would deny them their freedom.
Either the royal family pays us... an exorbitant amount of money... or we make it seem that Prince Charles... has had an affair outside of marriage... and therefore, would have to divorce.
I have therefore decided to recommend for the post... and the three months' sabbatical that goes with it... that splendid employee -
Dora is the woman of my life... and I'm the man in her life, therefore... we've decided to get married, within the year.
So, therefore, I'm your manager, and a manager gets 1 5%.
But I want my car back and therefore I'm giving you another chance.
She had no papers with her, and therefore they brought her here.
I'm using womars most precious part to do business, therefore I fear nothing.
I therefore nominate Londo Mollari of the House Mollari to the position of prime minister.
School hours are over. You, therefore, should be gone.
I think, therefore I am, Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor.
And therefore more punitive, which makes it more fun.
"Soylent green is people" is not only a reference to the last great American film, and therefore unlikely to be cracked by a hacker attempting random code phrases, but the six-syllable pattern encompasses each frequency unique to Mr Black,
therefore rendering replication nearly impossible and thus security foolproof.
We therefore can only conclude... that we stand at the twilight... of the Human race.
You must therefore say nothing and meet no-one whose visit may compromise you.
Whereas I am a horrible person therefore I have no choice but to be horrible.
My quarters are within the Brakiri territory therefore I would like to sleep here tonight.
- I came because your performance earlier was pretty clear indication that you're a telepath, a strong one therefore potentially dangerous, which is why I didn't come alone.
For starters, I don't know you, therefore I don't trust you.
And that therefore, Augustus Hill is entitled to an automatic reversal of his conviction.
Your I.D. has not been registered... ... therefore, you may not enter this area.
I will therefore bring the special for everybody.
For as much as it has pleased Almighty God of His great mercy... to take unto Himself the soul of our dear brother here departed... we therefore commit his body to the ground.
I know that means we're putting a greater strain on our own engines.... and therefore using more fuel, therefore creating more emissions.
It allows for the nicotine to be more rapidly absorbed in the lung and therefore affect the brain and central nervous system.
Part of the reason I'm here is that I felt that their representation more rapidly absorbed in the lung and therefore affect the brain and central nervous system.
The statue is made of stone, therefore room temperature. But the tears show up as white because, um... because they're warm.
So perfect that you might like it too much and therefore disturb my fragile peace of mind.
The only man who's poorer than I am, therefore the only man I can trust.
I wanted therefore to know you without wanting however to embarrass you.
I spent all gains and can't therefore return anyhing to you, but it's possible that I should renounce to become master of weapons... after what happened today.
It has human form, therefore you read mechanical failure as eccentricity and anthropomorphise it.
Invincible, you despise love, therefore you have lost
And therefore she is the first one to have this sense of foreboding which she evoked very well.
Impatience of audiences have changed and therefore would it be slow?
No one else exists either, Buffy is all of us, We think, therefore she is,
All important clients to me, to Buckland's, and therefore to you.
We are therefore looking for damages at $45 million.
He is a hologram and therefore he does not exist.
The enemy has devised a countermeasure to our energy-dampening weapons, therefore we must alter our tactics.
It's a storage device. It's genetically encrypted to your father - therefore to you.
Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore, more satisfying in a narrower way especially songs like In the Air Tonight and Against All Odds.
I wasn't interested in Penny's nice qualities,just breasts. And therefore, she was no good to me.
I can help you, but therefore you have to trust me.
People say that because he had used drugs that therefore he could not be a good example.
He may not, as unvalued persons do, carve for himself, for on his choice depends the health and safety of this whole state and therefore must his choice be circumscribed unto the voice and yielding of that body
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
But since he is bettered, we have therefore odds.
We believe this disqualifies you from hearing this case, and we, therefore, move for a temporary suspension until it's investigated.
Mr. Mandrake, you have been challenged... therefore the choice of weapons is yours.
Careful investigation of the facts tell us, therefore... that the Scordia woman committed no other crime... than that of being ill-fated... alone... and beautiful.
You're a youngest son, and therefore not rich.
We are for the people, therefore we are against them.
And therefore it is to you, Hastings, that the reward rightfully belongs.
The Comte de Reynaud... was a student of history, and therefore a patient man.
You desire truth in the inward being... therefore teach me wisdom in my secret heart.
...and Everhappy got wet toes, and therefore she was knocking - on the snails tiny roof.
He's loud, shows off that he's gay, there's no limit to his sexual voracity, therefore he's constantly being arrested.
The government therefore decided to close the plants as a safety measure.
I therefore humbly present your name in manhood Yoshitsune of the noble Genji line.
And therefore I'm pleased to tell you that all of you... passed the examination.
and therefore half the intelligence and ability is with the women.
Is it possible that you see me as a person you could perhaps be interested in, and therefore you loathe me?
Yes, I know that, and therefore I completely understand your anxiety.
We therefore recommend that this project be terminated and all records concerning it expunged.
- That means that the powers that be haven't done anything but ruin my life, so therefore I'm not gonna do anything for them anymore, okay?
No, but I was the one who asked you out initially... so therefore I am still obligated to do the taking.
A senator from a white rural area with a prison can count the inmates as his constitutes, and therefore, increase his political influence.
I am therefore withdrawing my name as a candidate for the nomination of Lieutenant Governor.
Are you therefore indebted to us in any modest way?
It was an easy target and therefore a suitable demonstration.
We stand by our contention that all information is proprietary, and is therefore the sole property of Morley Tobacco.
See, everything that exists vibrates, and therefore sings... the street, your internal organs, electricity, everything.
He cut their throats from left to right, therefore he's right-handed.
Emil has beenfound incompetentto stand trial... and in times of extreme stress... as a result of his delusional thinking... he could not appreciate the wrongfulness of his acts... and therefore he's not liablefor his acts.
His Holiness, Dhyan Rinpochey... has therefore awarded Lama Tashi the precious 'Khenpo' degree... in recognition of his achievement.
For he is a born Master, and therefore, least regarded as one.
We'd have to get them within a few hundred miles of Japan, and therefore risk our carriers.
However, his inventions are somewhat questionable... and, therefore, need to be evaluated.
Slightly senior, and therefore thinks she's in charge of me.
I am therefore suspending Mr. Ali from the practice of Islam.
The little "I'm never satisfied" man is sitting in your head and therefore Mehmet Scholls' dick would never be the only one you'd suck.
And therefore they have a thousand times more class than you, because they believe in what they're doing.
The Huns have violated our territory, and therefore insulted my divine person.
BURT: Nancy, since no one has bothered to maintain their seismic equipment we don't know how long they've been active and therefore have no idea when they may become shriekers.
This inquest therefore returns a verdict of murder by person or persons unknown.
This inquest, therefore, returns a verdict of murder by person or persons unknown.
We don't drink wine, therefore we'll drink some now!
Nightmares come from the mind, therefore need to be extinguished in the mind
You're blaming your heartache on the nose and therefore the surgeon?
But perhaps its only function is to open portals to Pylea in which case it'd be useless in Pylea, and therefore it only exists in our dimension.
And don't think there weren'tjokes about that. "Who's our little patriot?" they'd say, when I was younger, and therefore smaller and shorter than I am now.
I figure if I stay alive long enough... these scientists will be able to cure anything, including death... therefore ensuring my indefinite existence.
is on a little boat off the coast of Miami, Florida - therefore making this planet a much better place for me, for you, for everybody!
and therefore, within the next twelve months, this planet will be shrunk to the size of a pea.
I am therefore putting together a non-partisan committee... to re-examine all aspects of the death penalty.
And therefore, logically, we'd have no defence against it.
Just me and my wealth. And therefore it was that I adopted music.
If you are, tha tmeans you were too chicken to hook up with Peter, ... which therefore means you are a loser, You are a loser, A...
And therefore, is not by any to be entered...
He was therefore condemned to the tongue-extracting punishment for the unbeliever.
"and therefore I no longer wish to be her guardian."
Maybe it is because of the fact that you are what you are and therefore I simply want to say it.
And therefore he hides himself in any bathing resort.
That all men are sinners and therefore, prone to temptation. and therefore, all men are prone to temptation.
Films have changed greatly since my days, and have taken the devil's road, as has much of modern society, therefore, non other than the archbishop in person chose the film for us today.
Consider, therefore, the events surrounding the incident for which my client is being asked to pay compensation.
And therefore we should hang out together at the winter formal.
I didn't ask for his number, you asked for his number, therefore it has to be up to you as to whether or not I get his number.
Why not? Because then you would've known that I was calling and therefore that I liked you.
All blame lies with you... and therefore on me, and I am not gonna have it.
You see, it's the pudding that splatters the best, because it's the pudding, and therefore I say let the pudding pop fall!
I had a new do, a new mortgage, and therefore a new job.
I faithfully serve my master, Baal, and therefore hear whatever I say with certain suspicion.
As Martha wouldn't dream of burdening the parish with wear and tear of the pedals and bellows, while waiting for the new priest to be appointed, she practiced without a note ever leaving the organ, and was therefore not really in need of anyone to turn her pages.
I have therefore decided to to open the borders of the GDR.
Well, it is therefore my honor to present each and every one of you with this symbol of merit.
His spies are everywhere, in defiance of my humble rule, and therefore, sir, in defiance of your greater rule.
It means she had the wind in her favour, therefore control of the engagement.
I therefore proclaim that they are husband and wife.
The ship's real, therefore its anchorage must be a real place.
My life's so boring, therefore I decided this morning to kill someone.
As a result, the women become more productive... and therefore, more interesting.
lightcast communication between bases and operative units is being redirected by Gss and is therefore futile. I repeat:
Lightcast communication is being redirected by GSS and is therefore futile. I repeat.' what took you so long, gentlemen?
He needs them and therefore might lose control over them.
Aunt Elpiniki was so happy she also hugged the mixer... and she therefore relapsed into Parkinson's.
You can manipulate consumers into wanting and therefore buying your products.
And therefore we figured we can do that for someone else.
They said they had modified this microbe in the laboratory and therefore it was an invention.
In the age of biology the politics is going to sort out between those who believe life first has intrinsic value and therefore we should choose technologies and commercial venues that honour the intrinsic value.
It could be absorbed by the body and therefore did have implications for human health.
I know the truth, and therefore I show no remorse seeing you like this.
I therefore find the accused... guilty as charged.
Sikozu may not be able to provide elevator access, therefore we need to locate someone who can.
"We must therefore ask that all work halt...
The student body has elected you and therefore you will fulfill your commitment.
When man goes collectively mad from downloading all the mental messages in the air, when there's no trees left 'cause we needed all that paper for the printing press and therefore are left with no oxygen to breathe, then satellites will fry from overuse and drop from the sky.
In the new production of Il Muto You will therefore Cast Carlotta As the pageboy
RAY: "'Now therefore arise. Go over to Jordan.
Any decision regarding the child's future will... therefore have to be taken under mutual consultation.
And therefore I propose that Pompey and Crassus both be made consul.
Sturmmann Wagner took out two machine-gun nests and therefore receives the Iron Cross.
We aren't in my study and therefore this isn't a consultation, but nothing prevents you from paying for my lunch.
He's no longer satisfied by the fact that I've got someone, therefore I told him what the two of us do.
God made him, and therefore let him pass for a man.
And therefore, like herself, wise, fair and true, shall she be placed in my constant soul.
I will not hear you speak. I'll have my bond, therefore speak no more.
Down, therefore, and beg mercy of the Duke.
You press me far, therefore I will yield.
She was a foreigner, therefore a guest and we were hosts, therefore we were polite
The Goran Administrative Council stated that the manual of the sacred stones is missing and therefore Commander Logar's destruction system will be used.
Oh, so it's not your decision, so therefore it's not your fault, right?
Their weapons-- all European weapons, so, therefore, probably very expensive.
I do not know what and therefore I'm upset.
You have therefore not yet the courage to join us to join.
And therefore, literally, I create my own reality.
No love, no desire and therefore no hatred.
- How are you? Am I therefore a wardrobe?
My husband supports me from his means, therefore I am devoutly obedient, and I guard in my husband's absence what you would have me guard.
They did not sing in 1990 and therefore... twofore, therefore, all that legal jargon... they will not receive a plastic dashboard Jesus.
I therefore grant you political asylum in the United States of America
And therefore based upon all the evidence, we ask the Tribunal...
And therefore the only one that can affect her sisters.
This is my reap, and therefore, my doorbell ring.
- And therefore, I should move on also.
So you didn't think I was gonna be here... so therefore it makes it safe to come 'cause maybe I wouldn't find out about it.
- Conscious, and therefore not a night terror.
So, therefore, I strongly suggest that you tell us everything you know.
Now, I think, therefore, you have the right to know exactly how he died.
It is dead skin, and, therefore, natural for it to decompose and rot away unless treated with such potent substances as these.
No laws indicate the killing of animals on fur farms, therefore, the least expensive methods are the most appealing.
The Pill can save His Majesty's life, and therefore yours too.
The Security Council therefore must press for his immediate referral to the International Criminal Court in The Hague.
Diplomacy, therefore, as we've demonstrated, Is the very map and marker of civilization,
- And is therefore... - Get off! - .. not by any man to be enterprised...
I therefore pronounce you unworthy of being a member of this colony.
This left her unable to respond to the exorcism and therefore, it directly contributed to her death.
Hear, therefore, and fear, Satan, enemy of the faith.
They gave us each week soap, therefore it wasn't necessary.
The Marine's head, by implication, therefore... also a jar.
Would anything happen other than a few million people... would have received some illumination on subjects... that may well determine the future of this country... and therefore the future of the corporations?
I think we get into the habit of always compromising... and therefore, we are always compromised.
And my instinct and therefore my determination... is that despite yesterday's bizarre interruption... which put the case, I think, somewhat too emotionally... we should do the huge deed.
The dinner tray, therefore, must have entered the compartment after the murder.
And therefore took no scorn Shut up, will ye!
And therefore took no scorn Our sins to bear
And therefore, the cleanest version of that is, like, a B science-fiction movie where it's just nothing but plot.
It suffered no serious head injuries, and therefore no physical damage to its neural pathways or cognitive reasoning centers.
Well, me being pretty and therefore stupid, I forgot.
Mr. Gilmore is not here yet, and therefore I have no one to help me with the guests or the party.
That, therefore, connects me to Tina, which connects me... to Helena, who Tina's currently seeing...
" if you don't go with the flow you're anti-american and therefore a suspect. "
"I therefore withdrawn the ruby from the bank."
It is an IOU. It represents value and is therefore a form of money.
However, as the credit needs of commerce increased, the moral arguments eventually gave way to the argument that lending involves risk and loss of opportunity to the lender and therefore attempting to make a profit from lending is justified.
Some advocate silver, it being more abundant than gold and therefore more difficult to corner.
The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men.
By the age of thirteen, Madame Gaillard no longer had room for Jean-Baptiste... and therefore decided to sell him. Come on!
Oh, Viktor realized you'd be too young to remember explicitly but Marcus knows that the memory and therefore the exact location of William's prison is hidden away in your blood.
You see, I have the diamonds, therefore I have the power.
I therefore announce 100% dividend to all our shareholders
Those who before us have pledged to live as man and wife confirming before God and those assembled here their solemn vows, I therefore pronounce you man and wife.
However, this commission in good conscience cannot recommend you for a licence, and we therefore deny your application.
But I find it difficult, to demand that therefore everybody has to make it.
And Superman therefore went from being a crusader of social causes... to a symbol of the social order.
It's obviously untried and therefore extremely dangerous. But, yes, it's possible.
The King will therefore be requiring a new mistress.
At first, according to Tomin, and therefore as far as the villagers were concerned, I was the woman who fell from the sky, which made me feel kind of special.
Let's see, judging by the look of you, family man, nice house, decent wage, fought in the war, therefore, I represent Queen and country!
I mean, you haven't even tried to cut a deal, which makes me think that you have no idea how to find the weapon, therefore you're just another clone.
And therefore made Franz an orphan and Lorenz a widower.
And those who don't think have no worth, therefore everything's allowed!
We achieved this victory, therefore we claim the spoils.
They help those that seek to undermine my authority, therefore, they must all be punished.
You figure I'm fat, therefore I hate myself.
She's on steroids for the swelling therefore no fever.
The resources of this town also belong to all of us and therefore, as my first official act as Mayor
I have therefore decided that my price for helping you is Sussex.
We had no contact with any of the people that carried out the military coup and therefore the coup that overthrew Allende was done... uh, without conduct... contact with the United States.
I am sorry, Chad, but I have reason to believe that thiID is not real, and, therefore, I cannot sell you this beer. (growls)
And so therefore, she often shows up without calling.
So, you've been given orders to kill the survivors, but survivors must therefore be passengers or staff, but not me, I'm not a passenger, I'm not staff. Go on.
I don't exist, therefore you can't kill me, therefore I'm a stowaway.
He was always taking drugs, therefore he doesn't remember anything.
Whereas... I care about your son and have, therefore, brought a professional defibrillist.
Wasn't right, wasn't wrong, just was, and was therefore, you know, A-okay.
Apart from these imposed limitations, North Vietnam was informed of these restrictions and therefore could create entire strategies around the limitations of the American Forces.
[Aulus] The fourth piece of the papyrus is still missing. And therefore, the fourth horseman.
I thought by distancing myself from you, as I have done all year he'd be less tempted, and therefore you might be more protected.
And therefore, they think perhaps the safest thing to do is to take orders and hope for the best.
Agents from the Secret Service, they'll never believe I'm past 70 and therefore they'll never believe I am who I say I am.
What will guide this massive change? Does nature hold the answers we need to help restore our planet's resources protect our atmosphere and, therefore, help all life survive?
If I have therefore your blessing in order to go into the water Then you give me now green light.
Now you have all failed combat and are therefore officially dead.
- It's in the New Yorker fiction issue, therefore you'd see that it was actually a work of fiction.
This is the totally serious Miss Victoria Bodeen we're talking about. "I am psychic, therefore I must suffer."
So therefore, next check-in is in just under six hours.
I was only allowing her to perform her duties temporarily, therefore, she had no authority to cast a vote under the 25th amendment.
Humble yourselves therefore under God's mighty hand, that he may lift you up.
I believe Snowball must be a direct descendant of St. Peter himself, and therefore the true heir of the Pope's throne.
Finally, she contends that this matter is in the hands of a higher authority, namely the pope and therefore can only be tried in Rome.
It would therefore seem to follow that he is capable of acting out of mutual self-interest, yes? What?
White is therefore the most poisonous of all.
You say no to life, and therefore you're not living.
I just want to be therefore him... to the end.
And therefore,the artist's role becomes not to illustratethe fantastic, but rather,to illuminate the obvious.
If you wanna be the best, you need to be respected and therefore... you must not show respect to anyone else.
You knew your patient hated having cold feet because you did a physical exam, because you liked her- your theory is I cared, therefore I let her keep her socks on?
So, therefore, Jason's gonna get away with murder?
Superman's body is Kryptonian, therefore his sweat is Kryptonian.
And therefore every man must show his oratory, his criticism, his political ability.
I cannot give you the right to vote, but I am satisfied that your actions were... were noble, they were overt, they did not rise to the level of fraud, and therefore I am dismissing all criminal charges.
Bottom line, you violated ZBZ standards, and therefore we are fining you with 20 hours of sister service.
The belt therefore is for the attachment of knives?
Mr Bennet, you must exult like a sultan when you gaze upon your adorable ladies. And this, therefore, is Miss Elizabeth.
This Bashir kid is Muslim, and therefore up to something.
Longbourn requires a firm hand on the tiller, so says Lady Catherine, therefore, Ecce Homo.
As a result, we are now arguing about it and, therefore, you are wrong.
Eminent swordsmen like Miyamoto Musashi, therefore, were also " geisha."
It therefore behoves me to determine the facts of the case for myself.
Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of his great mercy, to take unto Himself the soul of our dear brother here departed, we therefore commit his body to the ground.
I cannot therefore put a price upon services which it is a pleasure to me to render.
The monetary system perpetuates this materialism not only by it's self-preserving structures, but also throught the countless number of people who have been conditioned into blindly and thoughtlessly upholding these structures, therefore becoming self-appointed guardians of the status quo.
Let us therefore acknowledge the craftiness of the devil, who copied certain things of those that be Divine."
This can never be accomplished in a monetary system, for the pursuit of profit is the pursuit of self interest and therefore imbalance is inherent.
Ladies and gentlemen, this year the Max Planck medal is awarded to two physicists, therefore after Professor Friedrich Hund I would like to ask my colleague from Vienna, Professor Alois Haberl to join us on stage.
Thus began our relationship, therefore, with drunkenness, imprisonment and a levensdroom that was drilled into the ground.
It is therefore highly probably, that there will be battles.
He wants, therefore, Today we speak of free and no matter what who has what rank OR position.
There have been no stays or reprieves, therefore the execution will go forward as stipulated under the laws of the State of California."
The next days, the next weeks... would therefore be sleepless with anticipation.
So, Ivekovic, you serve therefore, that the town has a small part my fish wholesale purchases.
(Zlata:) He is and remains a Uskoks and will therefore always be against us.
Well, I think you hit me harder than I hit you therefore I owe you a punch,
...which means that our weekly capabilities would be almost tripled, so, therefore, by the end of the summer...
Uh, I'm interested in poetry, and therefore, feet.
Indications are that he may be mentally incapacitated and therefore additional prosecutions would prove redundant.
What is essentially dentin and enamel outcrops from various mandibles are inanimate, and therefore, have no moral code.
I just told it to you. I'm here, therefore I will get my job back.
And therefore I am about to raise your salary!
No, its opposite guy so that's mean its opposite therefore we take the silver key cause he said the golden key and we could take that but I guess that's mean something else.
Constantine and Ileana Tirescu, sunteþi vinovaþi Florin Cojocaru's killing... and therefore condemn you to death.
Eventually they realized that there were even more rats and therefore less sugarcane.
I therefore think that your dad is on this boat.
/News coming in that /the famous Radio Rock has a large hole in its side and is therefore sinking into the North Sea.
Listen, do not want to seem strange, therefore, why not say Mickey has good taste and leave it?
- So if I'm a martyr anyway and therefore not accountable in heaven then I'll donate my heart!
and therefore I broke my two arms a few years ago...
I'm successful and therefore have many. Is there a rest stop between me and the end of this story?
Opposites... without things that suck, you would have no idea what good was and therefore would be directionless.
I decided to be and therefore I am.
I therefore had to wait until this day to execute my plans.
The entropy remains constant, therefore it's reversible, like a rubber band.
She's hanging on to the virtual nature of the experience as a way of saying it wasn't real, therefore nothing happened, and she doesn't need treatment.
According to your policy, your secretary is older and weaker and therefore less worthy to survive.
So, therefore, he would have been 16 when Susan Ridyard went missing.
He has offended the faithful therefore the faithful must condemn him.
This woman tried to help him escape justice, therefore she must share his fate.
It is therefore the responsibility of those in positions of power to question any hard line policy that threatens survival as we know it.
MY RULING -in capital letters- is that Raimundo Fortuna Lacalle, is mentally, legally-speaking, insane, suffering from chronic delirium and is therefore unable to carry out his functions as a civil servant.
We therefore urge this IWC to grant-- ANTIGUA and BARBUDA ...their basic request for them to engage in whaling.
And therefore, St. Kitts and Nevis support this proposal.
Sir, allow me to say that this child is less of age, and therefore qualifies for a place a public school.
Remains the provision compensatory on which you agree that there was great income gap between the two and therefore there is no need.
He's my son and therefore the right man.
I share a common code base with the worm. And therefore, the intelligence.
It is therefore a real fuckin 'killer. It does not break the neck of somebody not knowing what to do.
I thought this planet was uninhabited, and therefore it's not aligned.
You are telling me that the essence of my friend's dead husband somehow found its way into the body of that man, Joel Tiernan, and that therefore, we should question Joel Tiernan for the, for the murder of Gabrielle's sister...?
None of us, and therefore none of them are safe until we get Kanjar Ro.
I therefore ask everyone of you to disperse, go home and put aside your arms.
You want me to suggest that... we're better off without him, therefore imply that Colonel Young may have drawn the same conclusion.
My lord I have not much experience among ladies therefore, this commission to me is hard.
As niece to the emperor the duchess is therefore great-niece to Catherine of Aragon.
Perhaps the truth is that there existed a precontract between the Duke of Lorraine's son and the Princess after all, from which she was never released, and so therefore I am really married to another man's wife.
"His weight increases the risk that the correct dose of thiopental... cannot be determined and he will therefore not be properly anesthetized."
He is the criminal, and therefore unhappy I feel sorry for him.
yeah, well, arthur's technique Of keeping the kids busy and therefore keeping me free Isn't working out like it was supposed to.
But we would argue, therefore, that that is the very reason it cannot be tested again.
"Because et cetera... therefore et cetera... in the Year of the Baron."
For example, the actors in the film 'Katyn', they play the parts with ease because they know that I saw those people in the past and therefore I'm responsible for their performance.
Miss Bates! I know that it is Thursday and therefore no possibility of hearing any news of Jane, but do you have any news of Miss Fairfax?
And therefore you are kicking me out of the bed in the middle of the night?
Year sure, therefore we should leave it alone.
It is! And therefore I admire your son.
He's since been assured that the violence towards you will cease and has therefore arranged for your return to school tomorrow.
It is a fashion phenomenon invented by a German doctor in the 1960's and therefore it is not a real medical condition.
Both of them don't speak english too well, therefore I will translate.
We therefore suggest pumping out all groundwater to the surface, to clean and store it there.
If the United States and Soviet Union engage in all-out war the resulting blast wave would produce a sudden burst of tachyons particles which travel backward through what you perceive as time therefore obscuring my vision of the present.
For as much as it hath pleased almighty God to take onto himself the soul of our dear departed brother let us therefore commit his body to the ground.
"I think, therefore God exists." And she knew her father was wrong.
Your soul is in rebellion, Valentinus, and therefore in terrible danger.
Her lesions are different, and must therefore have a different origin.
For as much as it hath pleased Almighty God, of his great mercy, to take unto himself the soul of our dear brother, here departed, we, therefore, commit his body to the ground.
You're neither human nor Vulcan, and therefore have no place in this universe.
I have therefore classified him a hostage of the war criminal known as Nero.
Actually, the buddha himself ate meat and was therefore not a vegetarian.
Not a problem with Flint Lockwood's latest invention, the Outtasighter so-named because it catapults uneaten food out of sight and therefore, out of mind.
Your body is the only weapon that can mold to your own design and therefore, must be treated as an instrument of combat.
- I have therefore informed Her Majesty that I am not qualified to form a government, if I do not enjoy her confidence.
It is full of clocks, identifications that are false. There is even a build up of evidence to frame a person who is innocent, who felt so implicated in a crime they did not commit that they became frightened and irrational and therefore more suspicious to the police.
Each murder was committed at a location that has a direct connection with the temple, therefore the system.
Very clever of Reordan to find a paralytic that was activated by the combination of copper and water and was therefore undetectable once the bath water was drained.
However, that is against my vows, therefore, you are banished to the Outlands.
So, I assumed it wouldn't be published, therefore, I could write anything that I wanted to.
The statement of the idea of the poem was relatively clear, but it has little validity, and, therefore, the theme has a negative value.
And I wonder if it's because the food, the intake, the... it's cleaner, so therefore his thought processes are cleaner.
Ladies, I regret to inform you that I have been called away on urgent county business and therefore will be unable to stay for the potluck.
The study of human anatomy, therefore, is nothing less than a direct insight into the mind of God.
In a dream, your mind functions more quickly therefore time seems to feel more slow.
It is unfair to indict a man when his jaw is swollen and tongue mangled and who is therefore unable to rise to his own defense!
11 o'clock at night, therefore we do not have visitors in the drawing room!
In other words it was too obvious and therefore not obvious at all.
Following that logic, Osama bin Laden is human therefore all humans need to be wiped out of existence.
You see, Mr. Compton has accepted a position in my court and therefore keeps nothing from me.
Your mother is Puerto Rican, therefore, you are Puerto Rican.
So therefore it is possible that she was poisoned by this Olga?
Stan's and Publishing which owns Shine and therefore me, wants to publish a book on Belinda Apple's columns.
You, too, are a civilian, And therefore an unnecessary risk.
Let me make myself clear; I have not finished the survey yet; therefore I am not going to reveal my findings to just anybody.
They're repaving the parking lot where I keep my boat, So therefore, I have to move it.
So what, therefore he has to be punished?
We're looking for an equilateral triangle, therefore, the third point...
It's God's will for me to keep her close, therefore, I trust in God to keep us all safe.
His dad therefore asked his best friend Geta to look after him
As it has pleased the almighty God in his wise providence To take out of the world the soul of this, our deceased brother, We do now therefore commit his body to the ground,
And, therefore, no stranger to places such as these.
You will therefore, please, accord him the respect he's entitled to.
I brought this wine as a gift, therefore it is my wine, and I will drink whatever I want, you sexy townie ho.
Yes, but if I'm successful, I will be able to map and reproduce your thought processes in deriving a grand unified theory, and therefore, subsume your conclusions under my paradigm.
Mr. Bay was doing nothing more than what any of us would do, which was warming his shivering, and therefore, shaking hands in his pockets. Let this one go, Counselor.
Markets are inherently unstable... or at least potentially unstable... and appropriate metaphor is the old tankers... they very big and therefore... you have to put in compartments... to prevent the sloshing around of oil... from capsizing the boat... the design of the boat has to take it into account... and after the Depression... the regulation actually introduced... this very watertight compartments... and deregulation has led to... the end of compartmentalisation.
Everybodie's doing it and everybodie knew what's going on... and therefore nobody should rely on this analysts anyway.
In good times... they generate short-term revenues and profits and therefore bonuses... but that's gonna lead to the firm to be bankrupt over time... that's totally distorted system of compensation.
Yes, I was driving, therefore you were in the passenger seat.
You see, when the asset just runs off to an ashram, well, then there are no clients and therefore no revenue, and thus, no windows.
I suppose it is my duty, therefore, to bring the daughter up in the mother's faith.
I'm afraid that we will be hitting some real tipping points in the next 10 or 20 years and therefore we need to look at what we need to change
- The King does suppose that only he knows the Will of God, and so whatever he thinks should therefore be the new Orthodoxy, however fantastical.
"Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties," he said over the radio.
We can therefore assume separator that be want to stay in 24 hours Slut is smuggled across the border.
We have enough evidence Found ... and are therefore certain that he the offender, as he himself says.
Fletcher is not under covert status with the agency and therefore can be named publicly.
- Excuse me. --and his brothers, Cadmus and Antioch are thought to be the original owners of the Hallows and therefore the inspiration for the story.
The past tense has, therefore, no influence on the present.
I have decided therefore to charge Mr Largo Winch in complicity with crimes against humanity.
And therefore, is not by any to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly but reverently, discreetly and solemnly.
We hope to find you our friend, and therefore give you our voices heartily.
It is a visual and, therefore, a visceral betrayal.
And, therefore, the same form you must fill in.
We therefore regret that we are unable to help you any further in this matter.
Any information, therefore, would be, by default, unintentional.
I mean to make you the most popular and therefore most monetarily successful playwright in London.
We believe such activities to be the worship of false idols and therefore a sin before the eyes of God.
These two have great talent and therefore will support us during the village festival.
This was an extrinsic misrepresentation and therefore your eyewitness is excluded.
- It therefore cannot be used in court.
Turns out he pre-sold the coke and is therefore on his way to pick up the $100,000 he says I now owe him.
So for the last question of the Science and Nature round, and therefore the last question of the night...
Proportionality is the determining factor, as was stated in Kennedy vs. Louisiana. And the death penalty as it applies to murder is completely proportional and therefore totally acceptable. Guys, you're not dealing with the issue of morality.
Never my ears have ever heard why I was born and therefore I will die.
We've got two kids Go therefore 's not you..
But if something were to happen to Hank? That would only draw their attention to you and therefore, to me, as well.
My children and I can manipulate the Force like no other, therefore it was necessary to withdraw from the temporal world and live here as anchorites.
Yes, his daughter has a serious condition, but it's not like the whole family are therefore entitled to pool-side seats for life.
Ginn was murdered, so therefore, the connection wasn't properly severed with the communication device.
It is therefore impossible that you remain as my daughter's governess.
Disregard of my clear instructions and thereby insubordination are an intolerable provocation as well as an unforgivable insult to my person and would therefore require the gravest of consequences.
I, like you, am not yet a priest. No, but you are a drunkard and will therefore keep my confidence.
I want to go home. You cannot leave, Gherardo. You are the oldest and are therefore required to oversee each vote.
Joy, pain, these are clearly present in lower creatures of nature and, therefore, are obvious creations of God.
Virginio Orsini is Prefect of Rome. And therefore my superior.
Once again, we have proclaimed Alfonso d'Aragona as the rightful heir to the Neapolitan throne, and therefore can not grant such permission.
The death therefore, of a beautiful girl .. is unquestionly the most poetical topic in the world.
It's also insanely expensive and therefore staying on that side of the window.
there is no longer consideration of whether it spoils because he says money is like silver and gold and gold can't spoil and therefore money can't be responsible for waste... which is ridiculous.
They will therefore cancel their passports with immediate effect.
therefore we are dealing with a delusional stalker.
How would you like to perform an act which would bring you, and therefore your family, much glory?
I swore an oath to serve the Vicar of Christ and will, therefore, follow the orders given in his blessed name by General de Cordova.
So therefore, the killer must be one of you.
You stole Kevin Bacon, and therefore you two hid him, hmm?
And therefore Izanagi's wife can no longer return with him.
It therefore gives me great pleasure to say you are now husband and wife together.
The doctor handling the virus was human, and therefore not immune like us.
"Someone whose massacres are officially recognised and witnessed by the naval chamberlain who seizes the properties of landowners by bloodshed and therefore erodes the Ottoman Empire's credibility cannot be considered an honourable member of the Ottoman army.
And then the one that he's got right there is low in reserves, therefore its solvency's in question, and there is no way in hell that Mazlo would take his stolen money and put it into some shaky bank.
You are out past curfew, and therefore, in violation of local ordinance.
The following coaches and players will be suspended indefinitely and therefore not be eligible for the championship game:
The lesson you learned with Lily and Marshall is directly applicable to my situation, and is therefore a valid part of how I'll eventually tell this story.
...And therefore Margarete Theresia Bosiger will be sorely missed.
The problem is, Mr. Anders is the son of a Dutch courier at our embassy, and is therefore covered by diplomatic immunity.
He is the son of a diplomatic translator, and therefore is guaranteed...
We have little bits of old supernova, therefore, just floating around through us.
And before long, the Atlantic world has become the new economic, therefore cultural, therefore political, therefore military leader, and will utterly dominate global geopolitics from that moment to this.
But then... the footage turned out to be a bit delicate, therefore my predecessor decided to shut it away.
Um, you have testified that, uh, there was no delay in the stand-down transmission from the kill chain and that, therefore, uh, Staff Sergeant Elkins overreacted.
I have therefore ordered the shooting of 50 hostages.
He does not care for me, and therefore will not miss me.
And therefore my kid cannot play with you."
My mother says, "it's never the right time, and therefore it's always the right time," Robert.
The money will be acquired by cutting down on pensions for those who still have income from their estates and therefore do not need a pension.
Has the nameless child then allegedly Werner therefore mentioned.
Suddenly up by a incredibly happy accident has proven beyond reasonable doubt, that they, therefore, the mother, my mother is.
For without it, we'd be positives and no negatives, therefore zero charge.
Whilst righting civilization and eliminating war and poverty, and therefore, the atomic threat.
I was recently forced to part ways with a thieving prick of an associate... and am, therefore, in need of a replacement.
Can one's writings, therefore, be great enough to exempt one from the rejection and ostracism that affect people who are different?
Get the fuck away. You fucked up my son's life, therefore you fucked up my life!
He was, however, judged to not be criminally responsible for the case, therefore, not guilty.
This is a matter of the highest security and therefore of trust.
They're probably paw prints, could be anything, therefore nothing.
I will therefore appear to be a Jacobin.
The Marquise had Slavic and Russian origins and very used, therefore, to hard stones.
Attorneys are denied me, And therefore, personally I lay my claim To my inheritance of free descent.
I therefore have no alternative but to nominate myself as Executor of the Company.
I was the one who created your vampire bloodline, therefore I am responsible for your lives.
And therefore, I think that this is a good time for us to evaluate our relationship.
The winner will therefore get the Viking boat!
First, I grew up in Chicago and, therefore, just north of the Calumet Harbor and spent summers up in the sand dunes of Michigan, around on the other side of Lake Michigan.
He chose to dedicate his life to making Lillehammer a safe place to live in, and it is therefore especially tragic that he should be a victim of blind violence while he was on holiday in his beloved U.S.A.
There is no measure in the occasion that breeds, therefore the sadness is without limit.
Marry, once before he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say I have lost it.
And therefore certainly it were not good she knew his love, lest she make sport at it.
You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch, therefore bear you the lantern.
therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
Foul words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome, therefore I will depart unkissed.
I will think nothing to any purpose that the world can say against it, and therefore never flout at me for what I have said against it, for man is a giddy thing, and this is my conclusion.
I would, therefore, for this outstanding lunch, I submit a project menu.
THE lady, therefore, is responsible for lunch and Central Kitchen to the buffet and desserts.
We can not distribute the grain randomly, therefore we need to focus on the worst areas.
But be sure I will from henceforth rather be myself, Mighty and to be feared, than my condition, Which hath been smooth as oil, soft as young down, And therefore lost that title of respect
But for sweet Jack Falstaff, kind Jack Falstaff, true Jack Falstaff. valiant Jack Falstaff, and therefore the more valiant, being, as he is, old Jack Falstaff, banish not him thy Harry's company.
Both which I had but their date is out and therefore I'll hide me.
Thou seest I have more flesh than another man and therefore more frailty.
Because Bitcoin is transferable, and therefore a currency?
We never valued this poor seat of England, and therefore living hence did give ourself to barbarous license. As is ever common that men are merriest when they are from home.
Bid him therefore consider of his ransom, which must proportion the losses we have borne, the subjects we have lost, the disgrace we have digested.
Go, therefore, tell thy master, here I am.
Friends, 'tis true that we are in great danger. The greater therefore should our courage be.
I shall therefore silence myself, and I beg you, as I would beg to God if I believed in Him, to write to me no more.
Mr. is foolish, and therefore not realized he spent the last months with a wild unhappy woman, who can remember fondly at the time where there will be treacherous iniquities.
I did not know what we'll have, therefore RosÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â©.
A happy man therefore, of fine humor, which can be better described through what he is not.
I have therefore instructed by the Minister Pfordten gather smtliche d cuments where is our Bavarian Knigtum committed.
It is therefore not at all sure whether these statements of majesty come from?
Then we can conference with lhren colleagues therefore convened immediately?
A big, bold, empty statement not meant to be taken as fact, therefore not subject to deceptive advertising litigation.
Due to the fact that you are a name partner and therefore have business interests here, they have allowed you access to your office.
Your Honor, as one judge to another, was Mr. Bullock with you during deliberations, and therefore, unable to leave this excluded evidence for a juror?
Sugar accelerates the boys, and therefore the exhaust ... and candy unfortunately are used to get friends.
Temporarily. And therefore don't have a steady income stream right now.
Therefore we tell you thanks and praise, therefore enters a blessing in our circle.
Only therefore had we away from Santa Elena.
Because we came back to China to find the things that we want It is rumoured to be here, therefore I am going to have a look
Yes, he was an associate of Noel Finch, and therefore, yes, he may or may not have taken part in the murder of police constable Andy Stockwell.
"While we cannot offer you admission at this time, "You are a promising candidate, and therefore We would like to place you on our wait list!"
I wasn't paid for my services, and therefore I answered to no one but myself.
It's important, therefore, not to have useless facts.
So the end effect, therefore, is fluid movement.
Mr. Gross is claiming editorial discretion for his search engine, therefore he is responsible for its editorial content...
New means must therefore be found for the infliction of mass privatization.
In my thoughts and in my words in what I have done and in what I have failed to do. Through my faults... through my fault, through my most grievous fault, therefore I ask blessed Mary, ever virgin...
In summary, I will prove that Gruber Pharmaceuticals wantonly and knowingly polluted Frog Lake and therefore must pay restitution of no less than $25 million.
By "careful," do you mean I had no knowledge of a scheme to defraud the government, therefore never mentioned it on the phone?
Anything negative that he says is therefore an exception to hearsay.
He was in the Army on active duty and therefore protected by Feres v. The United States.
Mr. Waters was an Army reservist at the time of the attack, and therefore is immune from liability.
- And therefore, you thought that the show would be broadcast during the safe harbor period?
He was a very important person, since Dario was still very young and therefore needed some backing.
He gave in because Dario refused to change the film and it therefore lay idle.
Nothing surprises you, Asa, therefore nothing about you is surprising.
They are unruly, and therefore cannot be ruled.
I told him I knew a guy, therefore I come to you.
I am therefore asking the Congress... to enact legislation... giving all Americans the right to be served in facilities... which are open to the public.
Man is brought into trouble... not as man, but as sinful man, who was in transgression. Man born in sin and therefore born to trouble.
Reverting to name-calling suggests that you are defensive and therefore find my opinion valid.
Clifford Blades, a chartered accountant and therefore a sad wanker.
I no longer have a sense of depth perception, and therefore am not allowed behind the wheel of a car.
And after great study... I have determined that the only thing that has the power to save Thalia's tree... and therefore our home... is the Golden Fleece of myth...
And therefore, it must be a satyr who will guide a half-blood on this quest.
Normally, a nymphomaniac is seen as... someone who can't get enough, and therefore, has sex with many different people.
He, too, has all his fortune Into the oil optimizer And therefore makes its luxury yacht Available for transport.
At Minna's background Must have their high intelligence Can be seen as a true miracle, And therefore they must be encouraged.
"Whosoever, therefore, shall humble" "himself as this little child" "the same is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven."
I would therefore like to dedicate this evening's performance to his memory.
My client, my client has become a political opponent to this non-democratic regime and therefore has become an undesirable in his homeland.
Our client is the last man standing, therefore the evil genius.
Sadly, one team has not returned, so therefore I am forced to calculate the results with their score as an incomplete.
I therefore have urgent questions concerning your products and require conference at the earliest.
No, I won't, because I'm a young person, and therefore, I travel faster than you, who's getting quite old now.
Will they be in some way less innocent, therefore less deserving?
Then we have a difference of opinion, therefore I am going to choose the opinion that best serves my agenda.
Starbuck, therefore, will be entitled to remain completely anonymous. He also will receive $200,000 in damages.
And we thought that someone involved with dog racing might know the dog, and therefore the owner.
It means he will be like you, and therefore he will want to do better than you, and you will hate him for it.
And I have therefore decided to postpone all sales of Amensidrine until we can clear up any doubts about it,
Briconnet has metamorphosed... and therefore you will command our legions.
It is, therefore, I have not told anyone.
I was therefore amazed they had unilaterally 'resigned' me."
"And therefore, it is called by the name of Babel!"
Universal hatred have been eaten up and therefore become the bomber.
So we have therefore decided to pass the honour onto someone whose lifetime's work means that they're better qualified than anyone else alive to decide which of these beautiful babies should go home with a prize.
These areas may become wet and therefore slippery to some footwear.
It's unfair to say that all politicians are liars, therefore Mayor West is guilty.
Overt flattery aside, this extravagant soiree marks not only the beginning of your farcical political career... - Oh. - But the end of summer, and therefore, our personal entanglement.
Drew Gardner, he has no discernible link to Vivian Tully, and therefore, no discernible motive for her murder.
And therefore also choose to remind His Holiness that Naples has friends, friends beyond Rome.
"Let us therefore cast off the works of darkness
We must have order, sir, and therefore must have more men.
The challenge we face, therefore, those of us who rightly refuse to accept the biological status of our species, is how the debilities and handicaps that impair our existence might be corrected for our heirs.
He is American and therefore lacking in manners and propriety. Well, then, we shall get along famously.
No circuit's made, therefore the device is harmless unless you put it beside a heat source.
His bones grown large and deformed? He was indeed. I believe his, one of the corpses - the others, therefore perhaps, his wife and son.
Rodrigo has made me wealthy, and therefore independent.
This is your third infraction, therefore, in accordance with statute 11, your citizenship is voided.
This is your third infraction, therefore, in accordance with Statute 11, your citizenship is voided.
Yet, as you know, I'm insane and therefore impervious to simple commands.
Investigating crimes involving angels or anything involving angels puts me, and therefore, Sam, at risk.
and therefore will have a ton of paperwork, which i know you hate.
A chest made of stone, therefore protected from the blast covered in markings identical to this.
"Grausens are not the province of grimms, not being wesen. "I've therefore informed the council
Vision is part of taste, therefore red blurs the taste.
The earth is heavier than us all and therefore nobody falls off.
And, therefore, I had to take a larger role to bring attention to the product that I was selling.
I am therefore sentencing you to serve four years in state prison.
It is therefore everyone wants to jump on the Coca-train, And once they leave, they have to play .
- You are a carbon-based life form... therefore, cigarettes may cause cancer inside you.
You are a carbon-based life form, therefore cigarettes... may cause cancer inside you.
And it is therefore with some pride that I stand here before you to accept this great honour in memory of my father, Connor Latimer, a patriarch, and a patriot.
I have the letters and therefore I have you.
Mr Sergeyev states the initial ruling violated procedural regulations and therefore disputes the conclusion that the seizure of the land parcel is lawful.
Can we therefore conclude that humans are concerned more with having than being?
So, we rely, therefore, on your complete discretion.
Gladstone has built an international complex of detention camps which don't officially exist and for which they've therefore been able to overcharge.
The estate shall therefore pay Petra Wade Power the sum of 2 million, according to the claims the plaintiff has brought forth.
France is our ally and therefore so is Il Valentino.
I just want the plans My mother pursue, therefore I met you.
And therefore we are the ones who make the rules.
- And therefore, my son is your hostage. - No.
- But still we can. My cannons... Florence is not among the Papal States, therefore, not included in your mandate.
I have no lack of women, Giustiniani, and therefore no need to steal some other man's bride.
The victim's uncle, my king, the great Federigo is deeply concerned and therefore, so am I.
When countries become submerged by rising sea levels, when countries realise that drought keeps them from feeding the population, and therefore have to migrate or invade another country, we will have climate wars in the future.
And won't this war therefore last forever unless we finish killing Cobra or start killing ourselves?
Anyway, the gist of all this is, the more scalps you have, the more power you've extracted from your enemies and the fiercer you therefore were on the battlefield.
These little men were never read their giant rights and are therefore free-fi to fo-home. W-what the hell is he talking about?
He behaved in an interesting and unexpected way, and therefore, I conclude
I therefore order this man be set free.
Earl Ragnar broke his sacred promise he made to me and therefore, by our laws, he forfeited the right to rule.
I cannot imagine, therefore, that you do not know what I know.
"I therefore entrust the Mysteries Of The Rosary to you,
It is therefore the judgment of this court that for the crime of murder in the first degree, you be imprisoned for the remainder of your natural life.
And as the person responsible for the safety, And therefore liberty, of this town, that's a problem.
So, therefore, you have to physically break into their archives.
My understanding, Inspector Drake, is that this man has a case to answer at Leman Street for the murder of a suspect and therefore has no business stampeding through my house.
Long is certain of the time, as she had heard the clock on the Black Eagle Brewery struck the half hour as she turned into the street. Man has his back towards the witness, who therefore can not describe his face.
I shall get myself to Great Pearl, therefore, see if this man is known there.
..and you know, therefore, the forces that now rally to my side, and I make no boast of it, I promise you that.
I must conclude, therefore, that you...you talk about me, and I wonder what right you believe you have to do so.
The print of such is therefore entirely unique.
But there is nothing can dull it, not brandy, not Bournemouth. We spoke at night of how having seen his acts in such detail, of how we knew them, as though they belonged to us ourselves, how therefore we felt that... if only we might lay our eyes upon him,
I now just pops off the camera, is therefore no longer talked about it.
Cesare, therefore, erred in supporting Giuliano della Rovere.
Anti-semitism is therefore an aggravating circumstance in the case of Ilan Halimi.
The deal we made therefore is no longer valid, and you remain in my employ.
We use a computer, therefore I call it our computer.
I therefore want to name a particular individual in this letter.
Attempted murder, therefore, is a bogus, inaccurate charge.
A STRONG vitnesbyrd that, therefore, the lack of Norwegian crisis management.
"Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins... "
'We are therefore asking you to stay in your homes.
In my family, there's always an emergency and therefore never an emergency.
They therefore need again a fascist group to protect their interests.
I really must say that, therefore, you never stop to surprise, Jan.
Just by being here, I have everything, and therefore nothing, to lose.
The concept of "love" exists, therefore it is useful even if it is a human construct.
They know you understand them, therefore they trust you.
I have therefore decided, for the security of our empire, to name my first cousin, Karl Gustav... my son.
I therefore ask you to secretly liquidate Elser when this situation arises
The German war is therefore at an end.
The cow is to being an interrupting cow... and therefore interrupts me!
The Nine Eyes motion is therefore not passed.
"Pray, therefore, the God of Peace, to crush Satan beneath our feet."
And therefore it's imperative that we devise a plan.
So, therefore it's logical that they would only understand words that are spoken backwards, you see.
We can not face a long siege ... therefore, in these circumstances, we must attack now.
It has therefore been decided that all the sheep in the valley must be slaughtered.
Your argument is built on quicksand, therefore it collapses.
And therefore no ability to stop us bringing back the Urca gold safely.
For as much as it has pleased Almighty God to take unto himself the soul of our dear sister here departed, we therefore commit her body to the ground.
That proves he murdered Charlie, therefore she's lying.
I therefore submit that this entire trial is illegal.
As I therefore would like to offer my services in support of the accused.
Well, I've been told that my negatives belong to the agency and therefore processing has to be done at your lab.
Requiring an individual to leave his house is seizure. And therefore protected under the Fourth Amendment.
Her power's gone, therefore so is the danger.
So, for the moment, you're completely useless and therefore have no excuse not to come to my house this afternoon.
And therefore is Freya not just as dangerous as Dahlia herself?
... of oppression against black people, other people of color, and poor people inside the United States. We believe it is our right, therefore, to defend ourselves against these fascist police forces! You're really letting me go to school like nothing happened?
Rage is a wildfire, out of control, therefore useless.
Samaritan knows where Shaw is, and therefore, so do you.
And, therefore, a Petri dish for communicable diseases.
They literally shed and, therefore, leave a mark.
And now we shall therefore bomb Germany again,
Yes, so therefore you needn't concern yourself anymore.
I will therefore say once and only once.
The Soviet spokesman reiterated the belief that revolution in Afghanistan could not be turned back and, therefore, any troop withdrawal was dependent on direct talks between Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iran.
Ah, therefore you gave him a love bite?
We only provide lawyers who belong to the "insecure overachievers", the A-type, people who are highly intelligent and uncertain, and therefore the maximum efficient.
He's guilty, River, and therefore I will be tarred with the same brush.
No, but I get it. Mom's in a prison world and therefore an evil psychopath.
in the time of man's innocency, and is therefore not by any to be enterprised, nor taken in hand, unadvisedly, lightly, or wantonly, but reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in the fear of God.
What you're telling me is that the Coven is no longer all-powerful, and therefore... that you are no longer useful.
Yes, dear, and usually I would hold that sacred, but there is something about John that has drawn me in, and so, therefore, I release you from your service.
He is loaded, and, yes, therefore that means that I will be loaded.
It is forbidden to kill, therefore all murderers are punished... unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
It is incumbent upon us, therefore, to service its gatekeepers.
Relax, Tommy, everything we do is completely legal and FDA-approved, so, therefore, it is fine.
I therefore commend Sir Bentley's historical rejection of partisan interests in the name of the common good.
We therefore ask for the dismissal of all charges on medical grounds. Your request for humane dismissal is denied.
Then we must therefore recognise that we now stand alone.
Nothing can be written for the Danes, my letters would be meaningless, therefore, the words spoken must be my words, and I entrust them to you.
Shy, yet knows they're smarter than everyone, therefore everyone hates them.
I am, therefore, relying on you two to take the lead.
I didn't skip a step, and therefore, the patient did not hemorrhage and die.
"Until I met you "So it therefore ain't me no more."
Although the defendant is 16 years of age, there is original adult court jurisdiction and therefore the same bond considerations apply to Mr. Dassey as would any other defendant.
And he would therefore have known in October and November of 2005, when the Halbach vehicle is discovered on November 5th, he would've known that there was a source of Steven Avery's blood available in the clerk's office.
The Court concludes there is not sufficient evidence in the record to support a jury finding of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt on the false imprisonment charge, and the Court therefore grants the defendant's motion to dismiss that charge.
I want them to look straight into the camera and therefore, into the eyes of my audience to feel the power of the moment, the emotion of the moment.
At first I thought it was funny but then I realized it's so true because it's not an adventure sport unless you have an adventure and therefore you have to be in a really cool unique, landscape.
It is all against the wishes of God, therefore, all equally offensive.
One of the things about A Hard Day's Night and everything you heard about The Beatles is the lack of self-pity, that we had a feeling they were adoring what was happening to them, and therefore that made it like a completely virtuous circle.
We have therefore no other choice than to delay or suspend your application for an initial public offering.
I've therefore placed her at this excellent school Miss Summers keeps.
As you may already know, I take Lady DeCourcy's requests as commands and therefore, I will sing this piece.
He's a fool because he's a clean slate, and, therefore, can become anything.
You are therefore guilty of a treasonous betrayal of your fellow wizards and are sentenced to death.
"you make more money than women do, you must therefore have more power." Meet Warren Farrell, best-selling author and self-styled social anthropologist, leading an assault on our traditional thinking about men.
If I were to say that, I would say, therefore, we need boatloads more funding for domestic violence to develop shelters and adequate interventions, 'cause there's this hidden epidemic of men who are being beaten up by women.
Or, I could say, as the men's rights movement do, therefore, we shouldn't have these shelters and we shouldn't fund them because the women are all lying. Well, it seems to me, that if you really believe in gender symmetry, you're not questioning the number of women.
You tell a man he's prmleged, therefore, anything he's gone through or anything he has to say doesn't matter.
You are therefore authorized to implement Operation Morthor immediately.
I have few joys and therefore little to surrender.
"Take heed therefore unto yourselves," "and to all the flock over which the holy ghost hath made you overseers." "To feed the church of god"
It is therefore our duty, The patient's condition by means of sensible selection Sustainable to a tolerable level Down.
And as for the Lord General, may I remind him that he would be remaining behind the lines, and therefore need not be concerned about British marksmanship.
And therefore, because our Konstantin in Mafia is.
- Katja and I have therefore controlled the game!
That the Holocaust is therefore a myth invented by Jews to get themselves financial compensation and to further the fortunes of the State of Israel.
And all the eyewitnesses on whom he relies are therefore exposed as the liars that they are.
In the result, therefore, the defense of justification, succeeds.
And therefore he has come all the way here to you.
This matter is now subject to Royal inquiry, and therefore outside your jurisdiction and within mine.
Obsidian is very hard and brittle, and therefore fractures with extremely sharp edges.
Because the Kindred has the Horseman of Death's head and is therefore just as powerful?
Andrej Tschichatschow, "Tschick," fled and is therefore guilty.
Then you're going to say, I'm going to slow you down, and I'm going to remind you that you're the one who cursed me to be a werewolf for six months, and therefore, I know every inch of the bayou.
All right, the plan, therefore, would be to hit the metro and abduct him at the MacArthur Park station.
As I see it, therefore, our goal is to decide whether the accused should be released back into the world, or imprisoned or executed in order to pay for their crimes and thus dissuade anyone else from ever engaging in similar actions.
And therefore, the counts related to them should be excluded immediately.
Generally, I've found that more intelligent people are usually among the last to accept the existence of strigoi, and therefore the last to flee.
A new member of our institution. The staff must therefore accommodate it.
Then Gibbs is gonna say that I had knowledge of an impending subpoena; therefore it is tampering.
And therefore, Major Lane, the terrorists will have won.
...and therefore commit his body to the ground.
I will therefore not be attending the coronation of my own niece.
And you therefore heard for yourself as I took the solemn oath to govern the people of my realms according to their respective laws and customs.
And therefore I have discharged my duty to your father.
My heart, therefore, is glad, And my spirit rejoices.
A guardian may choose the lawyer she believes has the best interest of the child in mind, therefore, Mr. McBride is appointed to handle Jason's lawsuit.
You are therefore instructed to disregard all of Mr. Cooperman's testimony.
You know you live where you're from, and are reminder therefore of who you are.
He must therefore come from the other direction.
We look for dark corners, therefore, laneway dens, evil rookery yards.
He who, therefore, knows the address at which to leave the evidence, evidence that he knew Captain Jackson would clasp tight to his heart.
You ask me to admit his corruption. I must therefore admit my own.
Monsters are not real, therefore you had nothing to scare away.
It has strong anti-magic, and therefore anti-witch, properties.
"The subject is looking for constant confirmation and is therefore easy to befriend and get close to."
Rayna Cruz won't live forever, therefore neither will I.
And then, therefore by doing that, they find love.
Ergo... that's Latin... therefore... wine is surely god!
- 'Cause the case is still open therefore the material can't be made public.
Ms. Vaden failed to disprove the presumption that she received a binding arbitration clause in the mail, and therefore agreed to the contract.
I will therefore be standing in the municipal elections at the top of the list in district three.
I mean, if I knew you were good at surprises, I would have expected the surprise, and therefore not have been surprised.
But as it is, I didn't know, and therefore my surprise should be unsurprising.
You know? Um, and to make music, therefore, but--
They are not alive... and therefore, they cannot see the show.
And therefore there will be a tremendous driver for plants that are absolutely as productive as possible.
You know nothing of the linguistic nuances of Japanese and are therefore liable to say something that might get me killed too.
Here's their model Electricity Freedom bill, which at one point says, "Be it therefore enacted, that the State of repeals the renewable energy mandate."
Exactly, and therefore not a threat, unlike Himmler and the others who would kill for this, and very well might, whether the Führer recovers or not.
With the rhino fiasco behind us, we got back to the job in hand which was to reach the Angolan border, and therefore prove that beach buggies are brilliant go-anywhere machines and not just frivolous toys.
These are the 5,000 or so that NASA has deemed potentially hazardous, those whose orbits intersect with the Earth's and therefore pose a threat of cataclysmic collision.
And it was therefore necessary, when choosing a spouse, either for a prince or a princess in the Imperial household to choose somebody of considerable aristocratic prestige.
The Gods themselves were angry with Commodus, were angry with the city of Rome, and were therefore going to gut it and going to destroy it.
He set out to prove that pilots could withstand higher Gs, and therefore needed much more protection.
We can't pay, won't pay, and therefore, there is no sense in holding Jon and Camilla any longer.
For as much as it hath pleased Almighty God of his great mercy to take unto himself the soul of our dear brother, here departed, we therefore commit his body to the ground.
Entirely French in conception and execution. And therefore a total disaster.
It's understandable to me that you should have, therefore, a fetish for completion to make your moment glorious.
Circumcise, therefore, the foreskin of your heart and be no longer stubborn!
Today the council considers two grave questions... Did Oliver Queen's actions violate the oath he took faithfully to serve Star City, and should he therefore be removed as mayor?
I can't get my T-spheres because they are in the bunker and therefore fried, so whatever.
Meeting Joanie is important to Cecile, therefore it's important to me.
And therefore, it cannot have killed Uncle Monty.
STEPHANO: But that's nothing. It's my random junk collection, which is private property, illegally obtained, and therefore not admissible in court.
- Yes, it is, but-- and therefore my client should be absolved of all liability.
you don't have blood, so you don't feel alcohol, therefore you can outdrink her.
That has the potential of affecting the credibility of all sport and, therefore, the continued viability of all sport.
And therefore it makes the utopia more possible.
That has found much more universal praise simply because it's a museum and therefore it came with the budgets where you can do a little bit more.
So cut to cameras on phones... Suddenly that event is being recorded from every angle and therefore my work is suddenly being seen from every angle and being understood in a different way.
Believe me, he expected a lot of you, and you therefore gave much, much better performances.
Military authorities therefore determined that all of them, citizens and aliens alike, would have to move.
She got taken up with all the likes that her live stream was getting and therefore continued to do it and did nothing to aid the victim.
Al Gore will have won the Electoral College and the popular vote and, therefore, is... will be the next president.
With front wheel drive, the car is literally being pulled around, so therefore, in the rain, we think we've got an advantage.
I think I am real, therefore I am real.
