These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect the Barents Sea, and that is why I would ask you to examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and to make Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted, clear as far as Russia is concerned.
What Parliament needs to do as a matter of urgency though - and this is why we intend to vote for recital 1 without these recommendations - is to send out a clear political signal to the Commission and Council that we want to see a clear legislative act put an end to this disorderly state of affairs.
However, this should not lead us to accuse the whole merchant marine, which is an important sector of the economy, covering as it does 1/3 of transport requirements, which is why our reaction needs to be measured: strict, but correct.
The capital markets do not want uncertainty from us, they want clarity; which is why we reject point 9 and call for a split vote.
I am of the opinion that these are two important remarks, and that is why I am reiterating them here.
One of the precepts of democracy is that we should not disapprove of electoral outcomes but respect them, and that is why we must respect the fact that the Austrians, by virtue of their political culture, voted as they did.
It would be politically astute not to isolate the ÖVP but to support it as an undeniably democratic, constitutional and well-known European party, so as to be equally certain that Austria will continue to be a Member of this European Community, and that is why we must give the ÖVP our support in this difficult situation, and isolation would be altogether the wrong line to take!
And that is why we came to the conclusion we reached yesterday morning.
We will not achieve this just by undertaking a mini reform, as the Council has resolved to do, and that is why all institutions must come under scrutiny.
The overall growth of the European Union and the awareness of being European citizens: this is why we believe that the Culture 2000 programme, albeit with a scarcity of funds, can make a considerable contribution to this great common goal.
Despite these objections of mine to the Council' s action and despite my view that it is better to work for integration than to employ isolating tactics, it was important to show clearly where the European Parliament stands on questions of racism, which is why I voted in favour of the resolution at the final vote.
This is a good approach and that is why we have also supported it.
I am not forgetting, and we cannot forget, that 80% of the citizens of Europe today live in towns and that is why this URBAN instrument is extremely important.
The Minutes of 3 February were originally distributed in Brussels so perhaps this is why some Members did not receive them.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, a five-year programme is an extremely important undertaking, and this is why I preferred that you be given the unabridged text of the speech, which is available in four languages.
Globalisation is not only an economic process, it is also a cultural process, which is why we say: we want partnership in the world, we do not want the clash of civilisations which many are predicting, we want partnership, a meeting, exchange and peace.
But we also say: we want to defend this European Community of tolerance, which is why a common foreign, security and defence policy is so important.
Plus, this branch of the economy is one of the few sectors in which Europe has fully integrated powers to decide and act, which is why we expect to be given a right of codecision here too.
That makes it a question of health, not just approximating laws, which is why we in the Committee on Agriculture take the view that the legal base - Article 37 - is not admissible here and that the Commission should submit its proposal to us on the basis of Article 152, that is to say with codecision by Parliament.
In other words, this is an important facet of public health protection, which is why we believe that Article 152 should be taken as the legal base, not Article 37, as proposed by the Commission.
In the final analysis, water protection is not just a social question, it is a decisive social question, which is why the polluter pays principle must be applied more rigorously as otherwise we all bear the consequences.
We all know what we would do, which is why we need a tight timetable for our water policy.
I need to know about this allocation, however, and this is why I said that I could not answer today.
I must say, however, that, there are discrepancies between the countries in the north and south concerning water, and that is why the matter cannot be dealt with in the same way.
A success which Parliament wishes and intends to see perpetuated, and this is why we also support amendment 14 outlining the fourth phase of the LIFE project.
Macro-economic policy, employment policy and social policy all affect each other and this is why they should be brought more closely together.
It is, therefore, surprising that this topic has, to date, not been incorporated in a strategy and this is why the Commission' s notification constitutes a break-through in a way.
The levels of employment are different and this is why it is very important to set the ball rolling gently but to make steady progress nonetheless.
We still await the first report, and that is why I believe this debate was premature, as the Commission had little to say on coherence this morning.
The Socialist Group has now changed its mind and this is why the report is not as clear as it would have been.
But we also believe that, in many cases, the proposals put forward by the Commission and the Council represent too much of a step backwards, which is why we would like to see a vote balanced between the various requirements in the proposals presented to us.
The Commission and the Andersson report are not proposing a social policy; they are giving Brussels exorbitant decision-making powers as regards funding, i.e. as regards the organisation and the provision of social protection services in the countries of Europe, which is why we voted against this text.
Mr President, our objective in setting a framework for unit trusts and other UCTIS is to secure the highest possible safe return for our savers, which is why I want to address the issue of derivatives in my remarks today.
However, I do not believe that we can assess the risk associated with the OTC derivatives, and I also think that as a European Parliament it is our duty to inform and impress again and again on consumers - who expect investment funds to be comparable with a traditional savings agreement when it comes to long-term security, and indeed that is why they were known as investment savings - that these products do not bear comparison and that is why we need a minimum level of protection.
The water which these people need to exist is under threat because the groundwater strata there are being drilled by a mining company, and this is why the traditional way of life of the people who live there is being threatened.
In terms of human rights, Europe has a very eventful past and this is why we have become to some extent the cradle of these human rights.
Today, the banks and the waters of more than four rivers crossing four countries are polluted, which is why the European Union needs to concentrate its efforts and pressure on the urgent need for all candidate countries to come into line with Community environmental protection standards.
Unfortunately, this is not true of them all, but this is why I am calling on the Commission to follow up on the Viceconte report.
This concerns us deeply and that is why we requested this debate today.
For competition is not an end in itself; it is there to serve of the citizen, the consumer, which is why we should consider the areas in which we do not want it.
But, on this issue, I do not see any room for soft law which is why in the transition period there will be total adherence to the current financial regulation until that law is changed by due democratic process in this House and in the Council.
As rightly said by the rapporteur, both measures are totally and fully justified which is why we have no alternative but to ask for their approval.
This will put us back in the lead, and this is why we adopted the e-Europe initiative, which prompted the Commission to set a practical example in its administrative reform.
This, therefore, is why the programme must be directed at schools; this is why we must take an entire year group and insist that in that year there is no-one who does not receive Internet training.
I would therefore like to assure everyone that this is why it is sensible to opt for a system in which indirect costs are somehow absorbed in port dues.
We need to keep a close eye on them and this is why I am in favour of a study being carried out by the Commission on the effects of the directive, no more than two years after the introduction of this directive.
I hope that this proposal will be another important step in this direction and that is why I especially want to thank the rapporteur Mrs Myller for her valuable work.
This Pandora' s box will ultimately destroy our continent which is why we feel it is pathetic to crow about human rights in a Community which is threatening, some time in the future, to take us into the worst decline.
These facts are frightening to say the least, which is why I warmly welcome this proposed directive.
Each Member State has different traditions and requirements, which is why the Member States themselves should be responsible for implementation, ensuring that the common goals can be achieved in a satisfactory way.
The fight against racism, to which we are all committed, is turned into small political currency and abused, which is why we are unable to vote for the report in its present form.
However, the Council has not so far given us to understand this in so many words, which is why I listened to what you said with pleasure.
There are also data protection worries, which is why Parliament wanted to extend the provisions on erasing data to include, for instance, those who obtain any kind of legal status to remain in a Member State even if not full refugee status.
I agree with the rapporteur that Member States are always very slow to implement unwelcome Community legislation, which is why we need to discuss if a 3-year margin is really sensible.
Then you differentiate between what applies to a report tabled to us under Article 152 alone and this report, which you have tabled under both 37 and 152 and you say that is why we need separate references to comitology.
Today we are to vote on this resolution, which is why we are asking for a vote on the work done in committee.
- This report confirms our worst fears about the intentions of some people in relation to the Charter and that is why we have voted against it.
Now this Parliament, as co-legislator, should know that any statement it makes has either legal value or, as in this case, quasi-legal value, and that is why greater care must be taken.
It was decided at the time, in Article 30.4 - which is why today' s discussion comes as no surprise - that the ECB could call up further foreign reserve assets beyond the limit set in Article 30.1.
I fully agree that there is a concern relating to the high-risk offals and that is why I will be bringing forward proposals relating to the removal of SRMs.
That is something which many of us here wish to bear in mind, which is why we tabled this legislation.
Individual interests of American companies may be affected, but the regulation does not enter into force for aircraft registered in third countries until 2002, which is why we must bite our tongue somewhat and choose our words carefully, Mr President-in-Office.
It is time for Europe to send a political signal to reopen negotiations with non-member countries of the Mediterranean, and this is why we welcome the idea from the future French presidency of the Council of organising another Euro-Mediterranean Conference.
However, the social aspects must, of course, not be forgotten in the process, which is why our Committee is calling for an own initiative, mainly to ensure that everyone has an equal stake in the new technologies.
We are already making the necessary preparations, which is why we also need the strong guidelines planned by the main rapporteur in the fisheries sector.
In addition to the situation in the Far East, there is also that on the German-Czech border, which is why this problem needs to be clarified in no uncertain terms during accession negotiations.
The present report on the subject of renewable energy sources does precisely the opposite, and that is why I have rejected it.
This is what happens, and that is why those people who, in France in 1987, for example, thought it right, in the name of freedom, to strenuously oppose the common-sense measure of removing pornographic magazines from display in newsagents' shops, and keeping them under the counter, as it were, have to bear some responsibility for the measures which they are condemning today.
My committee feels that the money, inadequate at the moment, should be used to improve the facilities and services offered, which is why we also want to see an overall strategy for the development of services, with a view to refugees and displaced persons being able to play a fully active role in society as equals.
In the long term, it would mean accepting cost increases on orders without being able to check if they could be obtained more cheaply elsewhere, which is why this trend must be reversed.
This presupposes a clear and reliable division of tasks, which is why current talks and negotiations between Parliament and the Commission on the agreement, which also includes the question of access to and dealing with confidential information, are extremely important.
These are not just empty words as far as the Commission is concerned, which is why I have transferred all the confidential audit reports needed to the Committee on Budgetary Control, or rather to the rapporteur, during the course of the discharge procedure and which is why the Commission has also replied in detail to questionnaires, even though this differed from past reporting practice.
I can assure you that the Commission is doing everything it can to achieve this, which is why we submitted the action plan, containing specific measures with specific deadlines and which is why we are completing revising the financial regulation and I shall shortly be reporting on this to Parliament.
This responsibility on the part of Parliament vis-à-vis European citizens and taxpayers is a heavy burden, which is why discharge for the Commission' s management of the budget cannot be reduced to a compulsory, but somewhat tiresome annual exercise and I am sorry that the President of the Commission could not be here today.
Parliament and the Budgetary Control Committee are, however, keen to ensure that the reform occurs at a speedy pace, which is why we have decided to postpone discharge in the expectation that the Commission will hit the targets that we have set them within the next two months.
We must do away with grey areas at European level because, as we all know, grey areas can and will always be abused, which is why we want transparency and openness.
So things are not improving, Commissioner Schreyer; they are obviously going in the opposite direction, which is why we must follow the recommendations proposed by Mrs Stauner in the Committee on Budgetary Control as closely as possible.
There is too much at stake for us to fail to call for the mobilisation of the general population against this danger, and that is why I am compelled to vote in favour of this report.
To assume in these circumstances that creating a Refugee Fund will make for a more humane asylum and refugee policy is an illusion, which is why I have abstained.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, all too often, Africa is seen by Europe as a lost continent, which is why this EU-Africa summit was long overdue.
Such rootless people, desperate people, are easy prey to evil political manipulation, and that is why we see so much conflict and civil unrest in those countries.
Secondly, with regard to the European Parliament, we understand how necessary and important it is for the European Parliament to take part in these initiatives and that is why we, the Presidency, have been involved in extensive dialogue with the European Parliament through the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy and here today, in plenary sitting.
Turkey does not yet meet these criteria, which is why negotiations will not start until they do.
At the moment, the most important task is to advance the democratisation of Turkey, which is why I call on everyone to unite without hesitation and to reinforce democracy and peace.
We have no pre-accession strategy yet which is why I think it is slightly premature to start talking about disappointments or about the need for a new strategy.
He really has tried to find compromises on this complicated issue but has not succeeded in finding compromises in all areas which all the Groups here in the House are able to support, which is why we shall be voting on one or two points tomorrow.
The common position offers an adequate level of safety for both man and the environment, which is why the PPE is against tightening up the common position, especially in certain critical areas.
Unfortunately, the Greens did not nominate him again for the Bundestag, but he is right nonetheless, which is why we have tabled a motion stating that we should keep an eye on these risks but not totally ban genetic transfer.
The general 10-year limitation on release consent is impracticable for plant cultivation, which is why we support the motion tabled here by David Bowe that the 10-year period should only apply from the first registration of the plants.
We should not make the mistake of gambling away biotechnology' s chances, which is why we shall not be voting in favour of all the tabled amendments.
Labels must be easy for consumers to understand, which is why the information needs to be kept to a minimum.
According to our calculations, this problem will apply to just under half the beef produced from 2003 onwards, which is why I have reservations about introducing compulsory indications of origin earlier or even, as suggested in proposed Amendment No 26, as early as 1 September 2001.
This report only partly achieves this objective, and this is why our Group was not able to be unanimous in its final assessment.
The Commission should also be as thorough as possible in the way it drafts topics for debate, and this is why in future there should also be a Commission Member representing each Member State.
Society is important, and that is why we must continue with information and culture projects.
But I believe those countries need time to diversify properly and that is why I would agree with a ten-year transitional period.
We, the Swedish Members, Mr Pierre Schori, Mr Jan Andersson, Mr Göran Färm and Mrs Ewa Hedkvist Petersen, support the main features of the report, but we would highlight the following points on which, to some extent, we have different opinions, which is why we abstained from voting in the final ballot.
(SV) The Intergovernmental Conference is an historic opportunity for Member States to transform the EU into a democratic, open and efficient organisation, which is why we regret that the governments of the Member States do not have the political will to carry out an in-depth reform of the Union.
We feel that such an occurrence would put both relations between Israel and Iran and stability in the already sensitive Middle East to the test, which is why the European Parliament must send a strong message to Iran today, a message stressing the need to respect human rights, respect the international conventions which Iran has signed and grant a moratorium on the death penalty.
But you can also just say 'Milk cheers you up' , because we now have some women in key positions in the Commission and that is why I would like to put on record my view that the Commission is now cheerfully planning to abolish export refunds for milk products too.
And this is why the problem has arisen.
They are, however, important and they are consensual. We should therefore be able to pass them peacefully and in a dignified manner, and that is why, at the end of the day, we have passed them peacefully and in a dignified manner.
You are quite right, Mr Dupuis, and that is why I said that I would immediately be discussing the matter with the Chairman of the Delegation for relations with the Maghreb so that we can plan an approach which will be both forceful and well coordinated.
As I pointed out, the Commission proposal focuses particularly on the need for the regions to cooperate with one other, which is why special funding is to be provided to that end.
We have congested airports to contend with and this is why, Commissioner, it is of great importance that you at long last make a proposal on the management of slot allocations for airports.
Is the Commission all of a sudden incapable or is this a sudden, inverse kind of declaration of support on the part of the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats and that is why this Group is asking the Commission these questions?
But that is why I also expect the European Commission to monitor the implementation of this directive carefully and, if this should prove necessary, to submit practical proposals for amending it during the current legislative term.
And that is why the Commission requested extending the period of validity of that convention until 30 June 2001.
We are dealing with important technical details but, above all, we are dealing, as honourable Members have pointed out, with human tragedies that lie behind the need for all these measures and that is why we have to ensure that our own response is as rapid and as effective as possible.
Obviously, we have to push back the tide of fraud and the money which has been lost because of fraud needs, of course, to be traced. But the overall budget for this important, environmentally-friendly crop needs to be increased, and that is why the quotas which are now being laid down are inappropriate.
I agree with them that we need a sensible solution here, and that is why I can agree in principle to Amendment No 4.
It is simply the case that the current system is not working and that is why I believe we have no choice but to change it.
Mr President, this is why it is somewhat surprising that already at this early stage, i.e. before the investigation has even started, important decisions are being made on administrative development.
I have a loyalty to the rapporteur, and that is why I have made the comments before because the rapporteur should reflect the opinions of the committee.
Secondly, economic policy prioritises the need to develop and promote Europe as a knowledge-based society, which is why the Commission' s preliminary draft budget has set a very large plus against research and a new edition of the programme to promote small- and medium-sized enterprises and, more importantly, contains a proposal to combine them with the promotion of technology, which was also a matter of concern to the rapporteur, Mrs Haug.
We still do not have any right of codetermination in agriculture, which is why our only option is to refer this report back to committee and I urge the House to vote in favour of my motion.
We still have no tests for very early infection, which is why the Commission is being called upon to keep on working on this, and I know that it is doing so.
I believe that they are wrong and that is why we have the extension for two years and also the extension after that for one year.
But how to do it - this is a problem we cannot solve alone, which is why we are appealing as strongly and clearly as we are; and we make no secret of the fact that if the budget authority will not make it possible to get the staff, we will not be able to do the job.
That is the position being taken by the Commission which is why I drew attention to the fact that the Commissioners have already reached the conclusion that the Canadian inspectors actually acted in breach of the scheme by taking documents without the sight of the master and by virtue, maybe, of their very prolonged stay on board that vessel.
It is not a problem for the other thirteen which is why I cannot predict exactly how this issue will be handled in the final stage of negotiations.
So it is obvious how important this investment is for the European Union and that is why we are being called on here to set the priorities quickly.
The number of proposed amendments tabled, including here in plenary, shows how important this issue is for Europe, which is why I can also praise the Commission for addressing the subject of the interoperability of conventional trains as well as of high-speed trains.
What we would like, and this is why we welcome with open arms the dual speed for technical specification requirements, is for this technical specification to at least take account of energy consumption and air pollution, something which will require a great deal of hard work.
Everyone has staked out their own market, which is why we have this fragmented railway market in Europe - and this is unacceptable.
We know that EMU was created prematurely for political reasons which date back to the events of 1989 and 1990, which is why the child, the euro, has been delivered early and is languishing in an incubator.
Working times may be harmful to the physical and the mental health of both individuals and families, which is why working times need to be organised so that the safety and health of workers are not put at risk.
In conclusion, Mr President, this is why I believe the role of public service broadcasters must be maintained, and while I welcome the fact that the right must be reserved to Member States to determine what constitutes ...
I would like to say that the Turkish Foreign Minister, Mr Schem, has stated officially that no such list exists, which is why, in the light of an official statement like this, we feel that we should not continue to insist on this point.
They come from the specific EDF budget, which is why I say that it would be rather difficult to transfer EDF appropriations to aid for Kosovo, because they are not part of the Community budget.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, cooperation in terms of research is difficult in Europe, far more difficult than it is in the United States and this is why Commissioner Busquin' s communication is so significant.
This effort deserves all our support, and this is why I can give my full backing to the report by Mrs Plooij, to whom, by the way, I would like to convey my sincerest compliments.
I am immensely relieved that he appears not to be as ill as he appeared at the beginning. I am a nurse which is why I went up to see if I could give assistance.
We demand a coherent European policy which is why this report is so important.
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Policy, despite the sensitivity of its rapporteur, Mr Katiforis, has maintained the spirit of the Commission' s recommendation, which is why I shall vote against the motion for a resolution.
I would stress that I particularly welcome the fact - and that is why I voted for this decision - that no more budgetary restrictions are to be imposed on Greece, for, sadly, the brunt of this could not fail to fall upon pensioners and the elderly, in this case Greek pensioners and elderly people, who would be the victims of the exacerbation of the situation as regards the country' s budget, for Greece is willing to further reduce the negative elements of the Maastricht criteria and we have recommended that it do so, even though it does already fulfil these criteria, as has been stated.
Being forced into part-time work is clearly a source of poverty which is why we oppose this.
This frequently applies in the workplace, mainly because there are problems in relation to prayer facilities, obtaining permission for religious events and special dietary requirements in the workplace, which is why the second directive in the package, which relates to employment issues and discrimination in the workplace, makes clearer mention of discrimination on the grounds of religion.
The same situation may now reoccur during the elections on 28 May, which is why, as this resolution states, we demand the appropriate intervention of the European Union, in order to guarantee that democratic elections take place on this occasion.
However, we are principally dealing with an internal market directive, which is why Article 95 of the Treaty has been taken as a legal basis.
Mr President, the right to health should be enjoyed by all citizens of the European Union, which is why we consider the draft directive on the manufacture, presentation and sale of tobacco products to be extremely important.
It is doubtful that this could be adequately provided at a national level, which is why it must be done at a Europe-wide level.
These are matters governed by subsidiarity, matters for national federations of employers, which is why the dialogue is taking such a long time.
The MEDIA PLUS programme is not intended to reduce commercial risk related to the introduction of digital technology in any sector, including the TV sector, and that is why MEDIA PLUS is totally unadapted to radio broadcasting.
However, the European Parliament has a budgetary role, which is why the Commission's budgetary proposals are not acceptable.
So we agree on the objectives, but we do not agree on how to achieve them, which is why Parliament has postponed the final vote on this report and is currently negotiating with the Commission.
Unfortunately, we have no written documents on which we can really vote and pass resolutions, which is why I support the motion to reject urgency for the time being.
We are a Union with our own legislation, which has resulted in our own legal system, and with our own interests based on the internal market and monetary union, which is why areas with different standards of security within the European Union must be a thing of the past.
According to the Treaty, this European Parliament is responsible for parliamentary control, including and especially of the Petersberg tasks, which is why the control function of the European Parliament must also be strengthened.
There is a risk in the numerous informal circles of totally inadequate democratic control of a European security policy, which is why the European Parliament needs to take the lead.
It was clever to pretend that the aim is to integrate the Western European Union in the European Union, which is why the debates currently being held within the Western European Union are so absurd, trying as they are to invent a new identity for the parliamentary assembly of the Western European Union.
But completion of the Petersberg tasks must be guaranteed and the principle that security is indivisible must be applied, which is why mutual support, as anchored in Article 5 of the WEU Treaty, must be open to all sides in a revised EU Treaty.
The EU has a complementary role, and that is why Mrs Lalumière' s report is so commendable.
They were tough negotiations, which is why the Portuguese Presidency deserves special thanks for speaking not only on behalf of the 15 Member States, but also on behalf of the associated countries, with the exception of Poland, as do the Commission and the Commissioner and her negotiators, who worked together with the Parliament delegation in an exemplary manner.
Poverty particularly affecting women must be eradicated, and this is why the countries which have signed the agreement will send 0.7% of their GDP to development programmes aimed at eliminating what has come to be called the feminisation of poverty.
I would say that the results that Tunisia has achieved make a good case for the country and that is why the trial it is being subjected to seems somewhat disproportionate given the reality of the situation.
What I want to try and explain to you - and this is why my original explanation was so long - is that the measures taken by the European Union in this respect or which are intended to have an effect in this respect are long-term measures which obviously cannot provide an immediate response to a given situation. They are measures which are intended to work at the root of this situation by creating the conditions to keep the Moroccan people in their own country.
I would have been surprised if there had not been a question on this issue which is why I am glad that it has finally come up.
If the reconstruction of Kosovo is a European task decided by the Council, then it must also provide the necessary funds, which is why we are voting today on a sum of money as a direction marker, a direction marker which was decided before the conflict in Kosovo.
They will of course affect all of us, but they will always affect poor people most, which is why we must at last take more decisive action here.
Unfortunately, when it happened, Parliament was only granted the right to be consulted on moves in the relevant legal areas, which is why I expressly state here that I trust that the Commission will continue to ensure that Parliament remains fully involved, despite the fact that it only has a right of consultation.
That is no easy task and we have all experienced quite the opposite here, which is why this is an excellent piece of work.
It is no longer our sovereign territory, which is why this one proposed amendment is highly important and significant, precisely in order to ensure that there is no risk of persecution in the land of origin for rejected asylum seekers present on EU sovereign territory and that asylum seekers enjoy effective protection against refoulement in the third country to which they are deported.
And it would be no exaggeration to say that Parliament was the institution of the European Union which understood exactly where the interests of European society and European business lie, which is why we used all our arguments and exerted all our pressure to persuade the Council that all the European Parliament' s proposed amendments went in the right direction.
That is what we said and that is why we voted in favour of it.
Furthermore, we have noted that the results of the interim evaluations are frequently not comparable or quantifiable because unsuitable and inadequate indicators have been employed, which is why it is absolutely necessary for us to have objective criteria and more suitable assessment methods for assessing the results of the programmes.
(FR) Mr President, we are not against the planned aid for the poor countries of Central America, and that is why we have voted for the report, despite the inadequacy of the proposals.
In the short term, I think that this is one of the key issues to be tackled, which is why we fully agree with the rapporteur and why I believe the report will be adopted unanimously.
Whether we like it or not, Europe is not confined to the European Union, which is why we must support moves to broaden the scope of this proposal to incorporate countries that do not form part of the European Union and those who at present have the status of candidate countries.
There is one issue that I hope Mrs Grossetête will raise during the vote - I unfortunately cannot attend, which is why I am making a point of it here - and that is the mistake in recital G. It should state that monitoring the application of Community law is first and foremost the responsibility of the courts.
These contradictions are very serious, they are still unresolved and this is why we see the existence of Article 228, which was brought in by the Maastricht Treaty, as wholly contestable.
I think that this would be wrong and irresponsible of Parliament, and that is why we are asking for this item to be withdrawn.
It is in fact our duty, once again, to agree to non-symmetrical liberalisation to offset the backwardness of these countries. However, I can assure you that both the Council Presidency as well as the European Council Presidency consider the future of this region a priority, which is why the French President has proposed a summit of the western Balkans during our presidency, perhaps in Zagreb.
Perhaps Turkey feels that its compliance is something akin to the Munich Agreement and that is why it is advancing?
This gives us room for manoeuvre within the margin which we set for ourselves in category 5 and ensures that we can use the money reasonably and sustainably for parliamentary work and not for interest payments as part of our building policy, which is why the PPE will, of course, be voting in favour of both the Bourlanges and Virrankoski reports.
However, such concerns seem far removed from this report, which is why I cannot vote in favour of it as it stands.
The completion of the internal market cannot be restricted to the European Union alone, which is why it cannot be put off indefinitely.
We want to shift more freight from the roads to the railways, which is why we need a clear compromise with the Council.
We are building up a European railway, not one system for one country and a different system for another, which is why these derogations have to go.
I know of no-one from my law practice who, having received compensation for physical injury, would not gladly give the money back in return for restored health, which is why this issue requires special attention.
Differential diagnostics continue to change, which is why specialist training must also include general practice.
That applies here, which is why the Committee on Legal Affairs has introduced the concept of continuing training as one of the mainstays of this House and as one of the mainstays of the European Union.
We believe that lifelong learning is not just the stuff of soap-box speeches; it should be standard and patients should be able to expect their doctors to complete further training, which is why Amendments Nos 1 to 11 are broadly supported by the committee and will surely be broadly supported by the House tomorrow.
The European Parliament takes this aspect of the future of young people very seriously, which is why we keep pressing to have equivalent qualifications recognised in all Member States.
We must reduce and harmonise the huge administrative costs, including within the Member States, which is why the Commission proposal to simplify the procedure is most welcome.
If the European Union is to operate more effectively then it is very important that the relationship between the Commission and Parliament is well defined and that is why the framework agreement between the Commission and Parliament is being put in place.
Obviously economic relations between Cyprus and the European Union are unfairly stacked against the Republic of Cyprus and the people of Cyprus have nothing to gain from accession, which is why the members of the Communist Party of Greece abstained rather than vote in favour.
If the railways are liberalised, we can kiss rural life goodbye, which is why we are opposed to this blind liberalisation and its consequences.
But those responsible for money laundering are highly ingenious when it comes to finding ways of disguising the criminal origins of their money, which is why it has been proposed not just to update the directive but also to extend its scope.
Mr President, there are two reasons for this report on phthalates in toys: firstly, these substances are a health risk to young children, and secondly several Member States have already adopted their own laws in this area, which is why this report is aimed at reestablishing the common market for toys.
Yes, of course, Mr President, we are also extremely worried about what has happened and that is why we are looking at the Seveso II directive in order to see if it is necessary to complement it with new rules to cover establishments like the plants involved in the recent accidents.
To that extent, it is only right and fitting that we should try to guarantee the manageability of the system, which is why we have taken pains to reach the present agreement between the two major groups, Mrs Scheele, so that the validation is not limited to one year but can be organised in a pragmatic manner, particularly for small and medium-sized businesses.
There is no democracy without good administration, and that is why the Union Charter must contain the principles of good administration.
I must insist that this is why we give such importance to the work of both the Ombudsman and the Committee on Petitions; so that the institutions may work properly.
We must not delude ourselves as to the nature of employment policy and the social policy of the EU in general or the interests which it represents, which is why, despite sharing the EU's positive position on the protection of working women, we believe this is nothing more than yet another report of ideas and good intentions.
The way this programme has been implemented is far from ideal - to say the least - and that is why I share and approve of the objectives of the Commission reform. That is also why I support the calls made by Mr Valdivielso and Mr Piétrasanta to redress the balance, for regional cooperation, for support for 'micro-projects' and for projects involving civil society.
We are opposed to measures which seek to convert national governments into powerless county councils, which is why we shall be voting against the proposal.
It would be absurd to divorce European foreign policy from the institutions which have been given responsibility for most of the instruments for its accomplishment, for external trade, external assistance, many of the external aspects of justice and home affairs and so on. That is why the Commission participates fully in the decision-making process in the Council, that is why we have a shared right of initiative - not a sole but a shared right of initiative - in these issues.
Under these circumstances, the pacifying declarations on humanitarian aid by the European institutions are shamefully hypocritical and we have no intention of backing them, which is why we abstained from the vote.
In any event, this was the concept which inspired the work of the Committee on Development and Cooperation, which is why I voted in favour of the report presented today by Mr Imbeni.
Long debates will be necessary, both here and in national parliaments, which is why everyone agrees that the road will be long and hard.
Things are happening fast, in fact they are happening at the speed of light, which is why my group is delighted with the communication from the Commission and with Mr Veltroni' s exhaustive report, which looks into every aspect of these new developments.
Digitalisation will enable citizens to access a substantial quantity of new, innovative content and this is why I can only fully support Mr Veltroni's consideration that all this has implications for democracy, the organisation of Europe and the States and the quality of the communications that we provide for our citizens.
In principle, those of us in the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party support the EU' s having fisheries agreements with third countries, but I should also like to point out that what we in the Liberal Group want - and this is why we have tabled a number of amendments - is for the fishermen or ship owners to make more of a contribution to financing the fisheries agreements.
As has already been said, this directive is the first example of this type of structure resulting from the Treaty of Amsterdam and the Tampere European Council, which is why it is so important.
All these definitions must be clarified and that is why, Madam President, I have the honour of tabling this motion for referral to committee.
In any event, Portugal will be hosting Euro 2004, and that is why, for Euro 2000, the Commission supported several practical initiatives for police cooperation in order to try out new methods of cooperation and to learn lessons from them.
I believe that this is a factor of importance and that is why we need European regulations in order to prevent competition between the different airports.
This report looks beyond the near future, which is why I would like to congratulate Mrs Lucas.
The Commission certainly cannot wait indefinitely, which is why Mario Monti and I have been declaring very plainly over the past few months that FIFA must propose other solutions or run the risk of having its rules banned in the EU - something that no one would wish to happen.
However, we should not forget that sportsmen and women are also human beings who can fall ill or injure themselves, and will therefore need drugs and additional help to combat the stress under which they place their bodies, which is why false positive tests are the order of the day and will brand the sportsman or woman concerned forever.
We would like to prevent that, which is why the Mennea report quite rightly calls for a reference to sport in Article 151 of the Treaty as an aspect of culture.
The golden era of Communist nomenclature has generated a climate of such contempt towards people in the old Soviet Union, with so few standing a chance of survival in the present day, that this is why we are now facing this terrible disaster.
Despite identifying certain shortcomings in the system, Mr Gutiérrez-Cortines' report fails to go far enough in analysing the causes or suggesting remedies, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece abstained from the vote.
Mr President, my feeling is that the conservation of tropical forests should certainly be brought about through funding, contributions etc., but above all - and this is why the report appealed to me - it should involve the participation of the local peoples, providing them with ideas for a future for the forest and genuinely sustainable forest management.
It needs a fundamental legal framework with innovative, non-legislative solutions and that is why I support Mrs Wallis' proposals: looking at the potential of ADR systems, looking at trustmarks, supporting small businesses in voluntary codes of good conduct, and finding mutually satisfactory ways to solve disputes.
This is an issue which will set a precedent, and that is why we have seen such vigorous lobbying.
Of course, laws alone are never enough, which is why the Commission has proposed an anti-discrimination programme which allows governments, non-governmental organisations and local authorities to work together on innovative policies and to exchange best practices in the fight against racism.
Mr President, there is in fact one thing that the people of Europe are unable to comprehend, and that is why criminals in Europe enjoy all the advantages of the freedom of movement, whereas those who legitimately fight crime are hindered by the issue of borders.
This issue is also of concern to Parliament, as the representative of our citizens, which is why, ever since the start of this debate, Parliament has been acutely aware of the need to make progress in this area.
The Socialist Group accepted this proposal, which is why we, together with the Liberal Group, abstained from voting today on all of the amendments that do not refer to this new consultation.
It basically advocates legalising and generalising undeclared work, and hence completely upsetting employment relations, at the expense of all workers, which is why we are voting against it.
I think, Madam President, that this is too serious an issue for the opposition to capitalise on and it is too serious to be addressed in an urgent debate followed by a simple vote, which is why the Socialist Group will vote against entering it for urgent debate.
If the Presidency is seeking to achieve something reasonable, as it is in this case, then we support that, and that is why I am requesting that it should remain on the agenda.
These are very thorny questions, and this is why we initially felt, I have to admit, that we were not able to move forward as quickly as we would have liked.
However, what the summit can do is to prepare the groundwork for Nice, and this is why this debate is certainly useful to get across our parliamentary message.
Commissioner Busquin very kindly assured me of this once again in a letter this week, and that is why it is dangerous for us now to be weaker in the Charter than in existing European Union legislation.
I believe that we must not forget, quite simply, that some Member States - it is not my job to name them - have already had to overcome considerable resistance and reluctance in getting this text accepted, which is why I am being, if not prudent, then at least patient, as I believe is necessary.
We shall, of course, continue to monitor potential risks and unresolved questions, which is why we are keeping a careful eye on the situation of national minorities and why we are working on concrete measures to overcome social discrimination, especially against the Roma people, in a whole series of countries.
And that is why we call on the Commission to table a study, a kind of Cecchini report, on what non-enlargement would cost.
And that is why we have the moral and historic duty to make a success of the accession of the peoples of central and eastern Europe to the European Union.
The challenge of reunification, even more perhaps than that of enlargement is so great that it suffuses and surrounds every debate in this House: this is why there is such depth and intensity to all our debates, including this morning's debate on our own need to prepare for this extraordinary challenge.
The process of economic change and fast transition has not only brought successes; it has also resulted in social differences, increasing regional disparities and huge hidden unemployment, which is why these issues must take priority in the pre-accession strategy.
However, we must be clear about a number of things: structures in candidate countries vary considerably; in fact they could not vary more, which is why everything we do must be geared to the structures which currently exist in the individual Member States.
The vast majority of these people are there as a result of a decade of occupation, which is why they keep themselves very much to themselves.
We now have two tasks before us: firstly, to encourage the Member States not to abandon their efforts, which is why we need to present a target date soon; and secondly to lead the debate with the people in our own countries so that this project enjoys legitimacy in the future too.
But we need more than that, which is why both the Agriculture Committee and the Environment Committee have stated once again, rather in the fashion of a Tibetan prayer wheel, that we need a white list.
It naturally means a large investment of time and money in monitoring, which is why both committees have stated that manufacturers also have an obligation to provide evidence.
This report forces us to face our responsibilities and that is why I voted in favour of it.
Mr President, the proposal for a directive we are debating today on equal treatment in employment and occupation clearly expresses the will and the endeavour of the European Union to adapt its social model to new economic, social and cultural realities, and that is why we welcome it with particular satisfaction.
This is the objective of the Titley report, and that is why the Group of the European People' s Party endorses the report.
While there is much that we can agree with in this resolution there are a number of fundamental flaws and this is why we have abstained in our vote.
Mr President, Commissioner, this is why I strongly support the call for Parliament to send a delegation, not just to act as a witness should something go badly wrong, but, for once in its history, to support a country which is seeking a democratic way forward.
Which is why we are impatient to receive the recent decisions finally taken by the Council and we are impatient to receive them in legislative form in Parliament also, which is why we feel that it would be useful if a parliamentary committee were to go to Greece and work with the authorities, agencies and professionals to see where the difficulties lie - it is the most experienced country when it comes to shipping - so that it can assist the European Parliament in helping to improve, enhance and introduce stricter legislation for the safety of shipping throughout Europe.
The first point relates to the strategy. The social agenda must raise the profile of social Europe among the citizens, and that is why we are in favour of defining measures, priorities and instruments more clearly and with greater intensity.
Open coordination seems to be regarded by many as a soft option and I have no doubt that is why it is being supported in certain quarters.
This programme is an important document for the Committee on Women' s Rights, which is why it provoked a great deal of interest and, of course, it forms part of the more overall strategy which was discussed with the Committee on Women' s Rights, the Committee on Social Affairs and the Council.
Our cooperation with the committee was excellent, which is why we can accept a large number of amendments, either to the letter or in spirit.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
In fact we are directly linked to the interest rate set by the European Central Bank, which is why we have proposed that we should pursue the buildings policy already adopted, because this will help to release us from this burden of interest as soon as possible.
We do not agree with the method, which is why, in this first reading, we place our confidence in the rapporteur' s approach, in spite of what happened last night in the Committee on Budgets, in the hope that this will constitute a basis for effective discussion with the Council in-between the first and second readings.
Unfortunately, the rapporteur still has not grasped that this is why we must tread water for the time being.
He has carried this whole debate through with considerable elegance, charm and willingness to compromise, which is why the committee was able to adopt 12 compromise amendments, supported by almost all the political groups.
The authority must be independent and that is why I think that 'close ties' , as stated in Paragraph 12, should actually not be allowed, not with anybody - not with consumer associations or anybody else.
This is why we need this food authority and this is why we are right to set the necessary store by it.
Certainly, much remains to be done, and this is why we must all welcome the Commission's proposal as a positive step.
We therefore believe that the White Paper and Parliament's report are traps, which is why we are opposed to them.
I believe that if we do not turn this fight into a political commitment, with a capital P, as a fundamental part of European foreign policy - and that is why I am pleased that Commissioner Patten is here - we will be doing less than we could to prevent this barbarism.
It is important that this strategy is endorsed by all stakeholders and that is why the Commission has embarked on this multi-stakeholder process in the framework of the climate change programme.
Although opposed to the Commission communication, the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece appreciate the rapporteur' s positive comments, which is why we opted to abstain rather than vote against the report.
The success of assistance to small and medium-sized businesses should actually be measured on how effective it is, and that is why the question certainly does arise as to what extent it is possible to provide this assistance in this form at European level.
Converting the Union into 'Fortress Europe' may put up the price charged by traffickers but, while there is no legal immigration route, it will not stop illegal entry, which is why we need to give Albania all the help we can in fighting poverty, improving the standard of living and employment prospects, setting up democratic institutions and strengthening respect for human rights, especially the rights of minorities, women and children.
The country is marked by a lack of security in many regions and high crime rates, especially in relation to the drugs and arms trade, which is why we expect cooperation with the Albanian government in applying the measures proposed in the plan to be particularly difficult.
Faced with the challenge of internationally organised crime, the European Parliament must be able to represent the citizens of the Union effectively and this is why we must be fully informed of and involved in Europol' s activities, its programmes, effectiveness, methods and means.
As I have said, that is why I support the proposals on the table today but, at the same time, I would take this opportunity to give you advance notice that there will be a real battle with the Council over the common position on the second directive to combat money laundering.
And this is why I also see in this an important tool for ensuring judicial control of Europol.
Mr President-in-Office, you have taken a stand here and I hear what you are saying but let me say quite clearly on behalf of the European People's Party that we expect an ambitious result from Nice - an ambitious result on the conditions for enlargement of the European Union and an ambitious result for the Charter, which is why I again call on the Presidency of the Council, on behalf of the members of the European People's Party, to ensure that a timetable is drawn up for transposing the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the EU Treaties.
And we want a Europe which blossoms, prospers and grows, which is why we wanted and were right to refer to our roots.
Lengthy debates will be needed, both in the European Parliament and in the national parliaments, and that is why it is generally accepted that the road will be long and difficult.
Aware that its diversity constitutes its wealth, Europe is determined to recognise this need for identity, and that is why it insists on the rights and also the obligations of minorities.
Without education and training there is nothing, which is why I am delighted that the members of all the committees have helped me to table this proposed amendment.
We are well aware of the close links between the European Union and Morocco and, in particular, between France and Morocco, which is why I wanted to ask Mr Moscovici if he could inform us as to the content and nature of negotiations that he is currently holding with the Moroccan Government on the Western Sahara question.
The Union is therefore closely monitoring contacts between Armenia and Azerbaijan with a view to finding a solution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, which is why it welcomes the meetings that have regularly taken place between the two Presidents and hopes that they will lead to a political solution.
The Presidency still aims to adopt the partnership during the General Affairs Council on 20 November, which is why perhaps the issue was not dealt with in detail in the answer Mr Vedrine gave to Mr Cem.
Secondly, the stand which we take on this subject must be in keeping with the stand taken during the current debate on the Commission's so-called core activities, which is why the discussion of control measures goes beyond regional fisheries organisations.
He has turned the Commission's pathetic proposal into a reasonable, anti-cyclical, structure-securing proposal, which is why our group will vote in favour of this proposal and I trust that it will secure a majority tomorrow.
I was operated on immediately, and that is why I am able to be here today.
I also hope that the amendments seeking to ensure that qualifications and integration into professional life are given particular attention will be adopted, which is why it is important to take account of the ever-increasing phenomenon of social exclusion and poverty despite paid employment.
We therefore attach huge importance to collaboration with agencies at local, regional and cross-border level, which is why we tabled various amendments which, fortunately, were taken on board by all the groups.
These people are in no way responsible for the crisis, which is why the European Union must show solidarity with them.
But this time round, it is a fight for the windmills and that is why it will prove successful.
In this way, Parliament would function as a link between the Council and the citizens, and that is why it is entirely appropriate that this proposal should be incorporated into this regulation.
That is what it is all about, i.e. the citizens, which is why I hope that the broad majority here in Parliament will vote in favour of this document.
And indeed that is why President Gbagbo must not dismiss the possibility of holding presidential elections, as the direct follow-up to these legislative elections.
Since then, Vietnam has pursued an open-door external policy, and that is why that country occupies the place that it deserves within our international relations.
Unlike the Member States, with their long history, the European Union has only a short past, which is why it must create the expectation of something new.
What we have to do is coordinate them better and make them more effective, and that is why the Commission is in the process of adopting the necessary internal measures.
This did not prove to be politically acceptable, which is why we now have two figures, both of whom perform sterling work in their own way.
This will be credible only if it lasts and that is why we have adopted a follow-up and assessment mechanism that will be adopted by the Nice Council.
But we want to avoid pressure on exports, which is why we want to improve the rules on arms exports, and we will support an amendment to this end.
We have examined these proposals and, because certain misunderstandings have arisen, I should like to say that we agree with the French Presidency on the timetable, which is why we are holding the debate now, today, before the second Council of Transport Ministers, so that decisions can be taken at first reading.
But what we really need is an integrated, organised policy of intervention and regulation on the right scale, or at least on a European scale, which is why, Commissioner, we hope that the second or third package which you present to us will contain provisions in this direction - surveys, inspectors, coastguards, ports, installations and fines for those who do what they do on the high seas, because quite simply, the fines cost less than doing the job properly in port.
I regret this and that is why we abstained from the vote as a group, because we feel that the NGOs have done badly out of it.
I have now heard all the judgments on the voting of my fellow Members on all kinds of subjects imaginable and that is why I have taken the liberty of ignoring your rap on the knuckles to some extent, because I thought it is going a little over the top to stay here especially to have your say on everything once again, even though we all have our thoughts on these things of course.
We believe that this report needs further consideration, which is why we would ask to be able to discuss it and vote on it in January.
This legal basis, too, is completely worthless in my opinion, and that is why the unions, companies and colleagues here are right to refer to job losses.
Children's metabolisms have particular characteristics, which is why medicines which are administered to children also need to be tested on children in clinical trials.
If we accept it we will still have a directive which guarantees therapeutic progress and which does not just leave the protection of patients in Europe as it is but improves it, and that is why I would plead in favour of this compromise.
The codecision procedure to implement the new public health action plans for 2001-2006 cannot be completed by 12 December 2000, when 4 out of the 6 programmes expire, which is why we urgently need to agree to their being extended, initially by one year and then by a second year if the new action programme has not yet entered into force.
Whichever way you look at it, it is reasonable not to give up in the fight against unemployment in Europe, which is why we keep insisting on the need for action at every political level - at local, regional, national and at European level.
We must therefore consider if the whole way in which we draw up our own budget is still correct, which is why our resolutions will call on our own administration - and I hope that the House will come on board here - to submit a full report on the vacant positions in the House, so that we end up with a budget which meets the criteria of honesty and clarity.
A considerable amount of money will be needed, which is why I think that the Ecofin Council needs to address the budgetary consequences as a matter of urgency, because there are still points at which there is a discrepancy between our claims, or what we have in mind, and the funds at our disposal.
With unemployment still at over 8% throughout Europe, the European Union needs to use the budget at its disposal to send out a clear message and to set about fighting this scourge in the economy to our citizens, which is why it is important that we have this 450 million at our disposal next year, starting with 100 million this year.
For that reason, Parliament' s concern that the problem of arrears will have to be dealt with is a justified one, and that is why there has been a very real need for a joint declaration by Parliament and the Council.
I had hoped for a healthy baby, and that is why we would need a method which is probably based on that of the Convention, but which has a much more ambitious mandate for the reform of the European institutions and above all, which functions more democratically.
Freedom of association is of fundamental importance in a democratic constitutional State, which is why we oppose a demand for non-profit-making organisations to be approved by the State before they are allowed to offer support to victims of crime.
We also believe that transparency is a prerequisite if authorities and courts are to inspire confidence in citizens, which is why we oppose general rules limiting the press' s ability to write about what has come to light in the course of a public trial.
Yet for many of us, the development of the Russian Federation is still a dubious matter and that is why I can imagine that people sometimes have their doubts about it, even in this Parliament.
We currently have a ban on animal and bone meal, which is why we need to find a clear position here. It is because of the BSE crisis that we are pressed for time.
And that is why it was right to react quickly.
Anything that is good derives from the Committee on Budgetary Control and all that is bad comes from elsewhere; this is why the report is full of references to the previous resolution.
As Mrs Theato rightly points out in her report, OLAF occupies a crucial position in the Commission's anti-fraud strategy, which is why, and I want to stress that very strongly, the Commission is extremely keen to see this authority built up rapidly.
Indeed that is why it says in the report that if it should come to that, Parliament must immediately hold a debate on the political consequences thereof.
No one has yet succeeded in reassuring me about the effects of the Commission proposal in both these respects, which is why I am not only supporting the 150-gramme compromise but asking for a thorough review or reviews on the effects for universal service provision before any other proposal or proposals come forward.
I am not a dyed-in-the-wool opponent of the market or of liberalisation, but the request that was made for a systematic, professional and painstaking analysis of all the implications of the directive has not been met, and that is why I am prepared to accept the present compromise proposal.
The Commission proposal accommodates these requirements, but the rapporteur' s compromise proposal does not, which is why I reject it.
This is a judgment that I still regard as relevant and correct, which is why I have voted against the report in its entirety.
I am also concerned about the interests of the Croatian pensioners and that is why I am highlighting the lack of an intention in this document to extend regulation 1408 to workers who are Croatian citizens or in any case Croatian citizens who have worked both in Croatia and in the States of the European Union, for I feel that this should happen as soon as possible. This regulation lays down that people who have worked in both Croatia and the States of the European Union have the right to accrue national insurance contributions.
Such distortion of competition cannot be tolerated in the long run, which is why I should like to say on behalf of my group that we endorse the proposals on this matter by the European Commission and by the rapporteur, Mr García-Margallo y Marfil.
That is not how we are meant to organise society, and that is why I think this proposal is an excellent one.
The European digital content is not wishful thinking or pie in the sky, which is why numerous suitors are currently wooing this dark object of their desire.
That is not doing the European citizens any good, and that is why these standards are required.
There is therefore a second form of deception, and that is why it cannot be said that there is usefulness to the consumer. Instead, there is harm to the consumer.
Given these circumstances, the absence of "great European voices" did the rest and that is why I think that the Nice agreement is a lesser evil and certainly the "least bad" outcome that could have been achieved in this context.
I must say that I have looked in vain for this sort of mechanism in the draft communication, which is why this draft is a great disappointment to players at the local level and to me.
We have noted these gaps and diagnosed the risk of a digital divide, as it is referred to in the current debate raging in America, which is why, ladies and gentlemen - and I shall perhaps come back to this later - I chose to propose, on the Commission's behalf, that two out of three innovative measures, two major priorities, should be geared to this digital divide, mainly by taking account of the poorest or most remote regions.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.
The Commission is, and always has been, fully committed to respect for democratic principles and fundamental human rights and that is why the Commission has lent substantial and tangible support to the process of transition to democracy in Chile.
The diversity of cultural heritage underlines the identity of a country' s own regions, which is why responsibility must primarily be taken and asserted at regional level, whilst acknowledging that they must be afforded substantial support from outside, from the European Union and from all those who are jointly responsible.
Indeed, this is why I am wholeheartedly in favour of the publicity we can give heritage aid by establishing prizes such as the prize for restoration created by Europa Nostra, or the European Heritage Day prize.
Mrs de Veyrac's report shows willing and contains certain constructive proposals, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted in favour of it.
What should happen now, and that is why I support the report on the habitats directive, and most certainly the nitrates directive, is for the European Commission to make it quite clear - and perhaps lay down in writing in clear Dutch language - what is and is not possible.
These factors are, first, that the CAP, especially in its post-1992 form and following Agenda 2000, does not safeguard a viable income for most small or medium-sized farming households, or a survival income for the heads of these households, which is why no one wants to invest anything at all in the farming sector, however many grants there may be - not that there are that many - because not only is it unprofitable, it does not even afford a basic income.
With regard to the substance, however, national and even regional differences within the Member States were seen to be more intense than the rather traditional political differences, and that is why a number of amendments were tabled.
It is therefore right to pursue, with a coordinated approach, all the scientific investigations necessary to clarify the impact of this type of arm on health and the environment, but, in the meantime, it is also right to apply the precautionary principle, which has never been so appropriate as on this occasion, and that is why it is urgent and vital to impose a moratorium.
We must ensure that we are working on the basis of scientific fact and that is why it is not appropriate to call for a moratorium at the moment, when there is no scientific link between the two.
I am thoroughly familiar with the sensitivities of your group on this point, which is why I specified it quite explicitly.
Police forces alone cannot prevent crises, which is why we also expect funding to be provided for the European civilian peace corps that Parliament called for in its resolution of 1999, and we ask Dr Solana to pursue these things more persistently.
This is certainly not the thrust of the report, which is why it must be rejected.
This is an issue on which, as you all know, there are different approaches within the Union, which is why we are going to have a difficult and complicated task on our hands over the next few months.
Road safety can, and must, be a top priority both for the whole of Europe and for each individual country, which is why I shall support the proposal made by Mrs Hedkvist Petersen, whom I should like to congratulate on her report, that we need strategic planning for road safety and we need to set a series of strict but realistic numerical targets.
Secondly, there are customs, habits and reasons why I feel that this is the classic type of issue which should be left to subsidiarity, and that is why we are only recommending the level of 0.5.
Traffic jams are indicative of failed government policy on the infrastructure front, which is why the government itself, certainly in the Netherlands, must be regarded as the polluter.
As a result, the only parties to pay that are clearly identified in the text are road users, and that is why I shall not be voting in favour of this report.
The Communist Party of Greece sees the problem of the lack of participation by women in the decision-making process not simply as a problem of democracy; it is a sign of social inequality and exploitation of the classes, which is why it mainly affects working class women.
Administrative measures not accompanied by such a policy give rise to self-delusion and are misleading, which is why we cannot support isolated measures of an administrative nature, as proposed in the resolution.
We have the clear duty to report and evaluate any progress towards greater respect for human rights in Turkey, which is why our group strongly supports the idea of sending a delegation into the Turkish prisons as soon as possible.
If truth be told, I find it a bit of a flimsy resolution, for although the feeling of solidarity which we all share and which gave rise to this resolution may be expressed well, we need to translate our solidarity into action, and that is why, on behalf of our group, we have tabled a few more amendments in order to bring this idea more into focus and to reinforce it.
That is the beginning of totalitarianism and that is why I left them.
I do not think that all this bureaucracy is particularly useful, and that is why Objective 2 policy, concerning regions other than the most underdeveloped, could be simpler and more decentralised, with instruments subordinated to Community policies or to regional development, the urban areas, mountainous regions, island regions, border regions or cross-sector objectives such as social cohesion and the fight against poverty.
Israel might be prepared to take a risk - and this is why the Israeli people appear, surprisingly, to prefer the old warrior Sharon to the wise, sensible, courageous Barak - but it feels that any concession could turn out to be excessive compared to the peace to be gained.
It is the right way to go, which is why the PPE-DE Group supports the Commission' s proposal, as well as the report by Mrs McNally.
We risk destroying hundreds of thousands of jobs in Europe, which is why the Commission must also see if, as in France for example, we can spread the financial burden equally and fairly between everyone in the form of a surcharge, a meat tax or by charging value added tax on agricultural products, so that a reasonable solution can be found to the problem of disposal.
European consumers are also extremely sensitive when it comes to imported products, which is why the monitoring system for meat imports from third countries must be reviewed.
We believe that this motion is yet another addition to the arsenal of weapons needed by big business in order to suppress grass-roots rights and freedoms, that it tramples every notion of national sovereignty underfoot, that it helps to build the "Justice of the New Order" and that it is dangerous to the people of Europe, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
Mr President, with the imminent accession of the Central and Eastern European countries to the Union, an efficient rail transport network is becoming more and more crucial to smooth cross-border rail transport, which is why we need to integrate the national networks into a single European network.
But we cannot just ask workers to change their behaviour, which is why companies too have a new role in this area.
We are trying very specifically to define - and the second stage will be to look at this from an institutional point of view - to define the social responsibility of companies, their responsibilities in the wake of restructuring and their responsibilities in the local area, in the society in which they operate, which is why, as we said this morning, a Commission communication will be presented at the end of June.
We want to prevent that, which is why we suggest in proposed Amendment No 12 that the Member States should at least submit new compensation systems to the Commission and obtain a recommendation.
I would firstly like to apologise for having arrived late for this debate: I was in another meeting and that is why I am speaking last, despite the fact that I have had the honour of taking responsibility for this issue on behalf of the European People's Party.
But Europe does not have a system for evaluating these differences, which is why we need to consider this question at greater length.
Does the Commissioner himself not think it strange that products with which children come into contact on the market are not tested, which is why no one can really assess their safety?
We have been stringent in ensuring that false claims are never made for them, and that is why in the UK they have never been marketed as medicines.
We must give industry this time, and that is why the second stage in 2006 is important.
The incentive measures must support employment policy, and that is why the incentive measures are important.
The issue of indicators will emerge and that is why we tabled a number of amendments to the Bullmann report.
The background to this request is important and something of a matter of principle inasmuch as the proposal for a directive is alleged to have been issued pursuant to Article 95 and therefore to be a proposal for an internal market directive. In fact, the directive in view is overwhelmingly concerned with health policy, which is why, legally, it pertains to another part of the Treaty, namely Article 152.
Based on UK experience we see no reason why that need be so, which is why the British Conservatives are now voting against Amendment No 11.
The EIB is the primary banker and investor for the European institutions and that is why the report analyses what the EIB' s priorities are and whether these priorities are in line with the European Union' s priorities.
That conflict will be clearly decided then and there, and that is why I should like to see a commitment from the Swedish Presidency that it will not under any circumstances agree to a situation in which either the regulation concerned or any other authority is able to restrict either officials' current right to express opinions or the public' s current right of access to information.
Every effort must be made to keep them in Europe, which is why it is up to us to create the best possible conditions for research activity and thus to make Europe a more appealing option for top researchers.
We do have a little time to spare, which is why I am not being quite so strict as I might be.
We are resolutely opposed to the logic behind criminalising immigration and that is why i voted against the draft French initiative, even in its amended form.
The carrot-and-stick method is the right approach for us, which is why investments in the oil business can only be made on the basis of a peace settlement in Chechnya.
However, that is why we must not forget our experiences of the crisis during the Nineties.
That has resulted in an imbalance of compensation which is why the system now makes heavy demands, or heavier than justifiable demands, on the budget and why we will bring it to an end.
We must prevent every Member State pursuing its own independent policy: all policy must continue to issue from Brussels and that is why that extra leeway in the budget is necessary.
When I hear the German Federal Chancellor's recent assertion that it is a question of large versus small, and the German Consumer Affairs Minister's announcement today that large farms also need to be given appropriate support, which is why she does not support any upper limit on the animal premiums, I have to ask: what on earth is going on here?
This would be an absolute contradiction, which is why we do not support Mr Mulder and his friends on the proposal before us.
A Europe-wide market must be created and that is why it is so important that the role of the Commission is maintained.
We want developments for the people, which are good for the people, which benefit everyone and hurt few, which is why we are in favour of maximum controls on monopolies in the telecommunications sector.
It must be available to everyone indiscriminately and, if at all possible, it must be available to everyone on the same terms, which is why we say no to the numerous attempts to restrict, censor or criminalise the Internet.
Even if this is not specified in the directives before us, censorship and the supervisory authorities' quest for more and more control over people appears increasingly to be the essence of any attempt to shape the digital sector, which is why it must be said here that we Greens are in favour of open access for everyone.
That is, of course, crucial to this problem group, which is why, during the discussion in the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities, the Liberals invited Member States - also in the context of immigration from Mediterranean countries (and, in fact, from all countries) - to recognise professional qualifications and titles.
This is a serious risk and that is why we need to take radical decisions now, at this historic time.
Fishing of these species has certain characteristics in common, irrespective of where it takes place, which is why we have proposed a coherent package of measures.
However, negotiations on a new protocol initially broke down, which is why we agreed with Equatorial Guinea that the old protocol should be extended by a year.
It is these ideas which provided inspiration for the Committee on Development and Cooperation, and that is why I voted in favour of the report by Mr Gemelli.
I am not necessarily advocating such a development in the European Union but we must look - and that is why I welcome your words Commissioner - at the whole question of public relations.
I said this very clearly and that is why we are applying pressure.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Daul report calls for an extension of the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector, and that is why I have rejected it.
Safety must have absolute priority over profitability and supply, which is why the nuclear industry must strictly abide by international transport regulations.
Not only does it support globalisation, it endeavours to give it the form and substance of law, which is why we do not believe that the governments of the European Union will defend the interests of their people during the new round of talks.
That is why it is so important that the Federal Republic of Germany has brought forward this proposal, and that is why my group is so firmly supporting this initiative, because it provides for greater certainty, swifter administration of the law and, last but not least, greater justice for the citizens of the European Union.
More democracy, greater transparency, a greater ability to act and take decisions - all were left out of the Treaty, which is why the follow-up to Nice must tackle a programme of ambitious and truly far-reaching reform with a twofold purpose.
I know that the balance spoken of here is in jeopardy, which is why I call on you, Madam President-in-Office, to summon up the strength and courage in the Swedish Presidency to put the integrated policy of economic reform, social cohesion and job promotion which we welcomed into practice.
It is not sustainable and that is why we have urged the use of appropriate environmental indicators alongside the social and economic ones.
Even though the Council, the Commission and the Member States have done a great deal of good over the last two or three years, we still have to admit - more' s the pity - that we are far too backward in coming forward in certain areas and taking on tasks which we need to tackle directly, which is why we feel it is so important that we make progress here.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, violation of human rights and discrimination against minorities are the main causes of civil and international conflict and war nowadays, which is why many take the view that applying the right to self-determination without compromise is the only way of combating discrimination against and the repression of minorities.
That is why we have agreed to start negotiating a stabilisation and association agreement with that government and that is why we completed those negotiations for an agreement before completing them with anybody else.
We expect great things of you which is why we ask a lot.
All our amendments have already been approved in the Parliamentary Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, and that is why we have not tabled any fresh amendments.
Europe' s borders cannot be determined unequivocally, which is why the complete enlargement of the European Union is a contradiction in terms.
This is a huge problem, which is why we need a new concept.
The first stock exchanges are being set up on which you can trade, auction and sell your own domain name, which is why the question of intellectual property arises here: what is being done about licensing?
Those of you that are experts on the subject will clearly want to refer to the Commission's own text and the Commission has provided an extremely helpful and clear explanatory statement for those of us who are not, unlike Lord Inglewood, distinguished lawyers - which is why he has been able to make such a good job of scrutinising this text on behalf of Parliament.
The exercise has gone beyond a pure codification and that is why this is a 'recast' version.
It certainly does not support, in fact it is most certainly opposed to, the speculative fever of stock exchanges, which can cause catastrophic, explosive conditions in the real economy, which is why we are calling on the Commission to present its proposal on safeguarding the integrity of the markets as quickly as possible.
There is a trend towards ever increasing investments in securities - we also talk about this in connection with pension funds - and that is why I would recommend speedy adoption and implementation, hopefully before 2005. This too would be in line with the Lamfalussy report.
In my opinion, these are all proposals which improve the sixth amendment - that is why we are here after all - and which afford a better level of protection to consumers, but also keep them better informed and give them the right to choose.
It is only a combination of marketing and testing bans that can be really effective, which is why we obviously support a marketing ban too.
It would be useful if we could separate plastics, but whether this is possible must be further examined; that is why we ought to wait until after the publication of the study to decide on compulsory labelling.
However, it just so happens that the Council is taking on an increasing number of operational activities in its budget, and this is why, slowly but surely, a kind of shadow Commission is being formed - a second institution where European policy is being executed.
When it comes to the agriculture budget - let me emphasise this point once again, as it was also confirmed in Stockholm - the upper limit in the financial perspective has to be observed, which is why a proposal for structural savings might have to be agreed for the 2002 preliminary draft budget.
It is the Commission to which Parliament must grant discharge, and that is why we must hold the Commission primarily responsible.
That is why the control functions of the individual Directorate-Generals have been beefed up, and why the Internal Audit Service has been strengthened, and that is why a central financial service has been created, the early warning system reinforced, and the recovery arrangements tightened up.
Your freedom has been enlarged in that now you have a free area of movement throughout the Schengen area which is why, for instance, Norway and Iceland - which formed part of the Nordic free area of movement - have signed a parallel agreement with the Union to guarantee that they will also benefit from that area of free movement that is the Schengen area.
And the Commission communication, like Mrs Hermange' s report, emphasizes the need for a horizontal approach to the issue of disability, i.e. the need to approach all policies and to take account of this aspect in all types of decision, which is why the communication also specifically refers to the need for access to buildings, the architectural dimension, employment, transport, research, technology, education and health.
What was agreed in Stockholm is a good agreement between the Commission and the Council, but Parliament has still been left out, which is why we need further negotiations in order to bring about a result which will also satisfy Parliament.
We do not want a law of the strongest, we want a law of the weakest, which is why we need a security policy based on justice.
I thought the purpose of this Question Time was precisely to demand answers from the Council, which is why I am very pleased to be able to answer Mr Dupuis' s question further.
Unfortunately - and this has also already been addressed - there is no politically legitimate model for calculating these costs at European level, which is why I have agreed, after a great deal of discussion and careful thought, to the supplementary model, which provides for contracts to shift transport from the roads to the railways and inland waterways.
First: we had to set ports, inland ports, sea ports and intermodal terminals in the right context within a text on trans-European networks, which is why we said they must be ports and inland ports which are connected to the hinterland, which form part of a network, and not individual ports, which may be very nice but which have no trans-European significance.
International crime - especially organised crime - is not worth the trouble if the money cannot be laundered, which is why waging an intensive war against money laundering has been the House' s concern from the outset.
But, in creating this new directive, we must bear one thing in mind: the objective is to fight organised crime and the instruments which we create must be practicable, which is why I emphatically support what Mr Lehne has done in his report, because he is pursuing precisely these objectives, unlike the Council, which has left certain aspects out of consideration; at any rate, it appears to have lost sight of the practicability factor.
We shall not stand for any further dismantling of fundamental rights, even if justified by the alleged need to combat organised crime, which is why we agree on this text with Mr Lehne and shall be voting in favour of the proposed amendments.
The activities of the network should, in the final analysis, benefit the citizens; improving judicial cooperation is merely a half-way objective, the final objective being to create an area of justice for our citizens, which is why the Committee' s proposed amendments specify that citizens should be able to take recourse to the courts and authorities in any Member State as easily as they can in their own, thereby incorporating in the proposal the objective formulated by the European Council in the Tampere milestones.
In cities such as Frankfurt, London or Paris, training in European money laundering legislation may be crucial, while in regions on the border between Germany and France or Italy and France, it is a relatively minor problem, which is why - and this is the point which particularly concerns me - the flexibility of the GROTIUS programme is crucial to its success.
Although one measure or another perhaps meets all the requirements in one Member State, it may completely bypass them in another region, which is why we wondered during our discussions if it made sense for the Commission to set focal points for training etc. in annual programmes.
They see their democratic rights violated, which is why the question of Europe' s democratic credentials must take centre stage in this debate.
The joint motions for resolutions not only accept the summit conclusions, they also welcome the arrest of former President of Yugoslavia, Mr Milosevic, and call for him to be handed over to the 'International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia' in The Hague, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against them.
That is the issue we must tackle and that is why Mr Corbett's question must be resolved by referring the question of the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Mr Berlusconi without delay to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, precisely in order to preserve equality between all the 626 Members.
Reason must make its entry on the Macedonian stage and that is why I believe it is the duty of all politicians to sweep aside any grounds for such actions, be they perceived or genuine.
Mr President, my group backs the rapporteur' s conclusions, and that is why I can congratulate Macedonia on the fact that this former Yugoslav Republic is the first to sign a Stabilisation and Association Agreement with the EU.
It is they who carry responsibility for their countries future which is why it is so important to press ahead now with the political dialogue.
But we must also tell the Ukraine and ourselves that we cannot rest easily just by giving money; we must put conditions in place there so that money in a functioning economic system can fulfil the same purpose as it does in a democracy, which is why we expect - as the resolution makes clear - all manner of changes and adjustments to the energy system in the Ukraine.
A repeat of Chernobyl must be prevented, which is why bogus environmental impact tests, such as those in Temelin, should not be carried out.
They ply their trade at the expense of young people, which is why we must do everything we can to combat this crime - which, as I said, is part of organised crime - in the Union and internationally with representatives from other countries in the world which are equally affected.
However, I see this rather as a social problem, with drugs acting more as a catalyst, which is why I think that fighting the drugs is not really doing anyone a service.
But at the moment the high risk is with the dairy herd, the six and seven year-old cows and that is why, since I spoke last year, we have had the destruct scheme that was announced on 13 December 2000, if I recall correctly, that will be in place until the end of this year.
The transport of animals is the main reason for the spread of animal diseases, which is why inspection has to be effective.
We agree that investments are needed and that budgets should be restructured towards greater investment, but within the framework of the Stability and Growth Pact, which is why, unfortunately, we shall have to vote against the Katiforis report if these proposed amendments attract a majority in the House.
In the end, however, the report that we voted does not provide any real options and that is why my Group does not support it.
There are too many defenders on the playing field and too many reserves who never even see the ball, which is why I think that, first and foremost, we need to improve the framework conditions for our working population.
One group is not being played off against another, which is why I am delighted - and I trust that I shall not be misunderstood now that several growth figures are back for discussion because they are being revised - that we are also debating the Stability and Growth Pact and the convergence criteria in the Chamber at the moment, because it shows our people and the public - including politicians - that changes to growth figures do not mean change to the stability and convergence criteria.
Privacy is a different concept; it means that communications really are secure, which is why I should like to stress again that privacy should be the real objective, i.e. really guaranteeing that communications are secure.
Everyone has the right to choose for themselves in matters of information, which is why our slogan should be: down with monitoring, up with privacy.
He moves very quickly - which is why he is called 'Schumi' , after Schumacher - but he did not reply.
We seem, understandably, to have lost all awareness of common security since 1990, which is why we need to ensure that relations between the United States of America and Europe are strengthened in every other political field.
If we do not need Fridays, then we do not need extra part-sessions, which is why we really must hold these votes separately and reject each mini part-session separately.
Despite the fact that a plethora of Parliament's proposed amendments have been adopted, such as the exclusion of classification societies with some form of business, personal or family links to the shipowner or operator, greater transparency by requiring classification societies to ensure that all relevant information is made available to all interested parties on their websites, scrutiny of classification societies where the accident rate recorded by the ships classed is excessively high, the Council and Parliament still disagree on two very important points, which is why a conciliation procedure would appear to be in order if the recommendations before us, which we support, are accepted.
This shows that the envisaged reform is not concerned with the workers, which is why we abstained.
For the rest, I would point out that we were notified internally earlier that the debate on this subject would not start until 4.45, which is why we were surprised that things got off to such a fast start.
I therefore ask for understanding of the objections which are something other than nationalism and I think that it mainly revolves around the question whether the European Union has the power to do such a thing, or whether it does not have the power, which is why Mr Krarup has already indicated that in that respect we are now on thin ice.
We are also calling for help for the agencies involved in combating this phenomenon, not just in the form of coordination from Brussels, but at national level, close to the root of the problem, which is why we, as a political group, enthusiastically support any new innovative plans with European added value to combat social exclusion. In order to facilitate this, we support funding to the tune of 90%.
We need a satisfactory pension system, which is why the reference to the 1992 recommendation is, I think, particularly important.
According to the scientific information to which the Commission had access, the situation regarding hake in Divisions VII a, b, d and e was worse than in the three more northerly areas, which is why a proportionately greater reduction in the TAC was made there.
The various methods for promoting sales must stay within the harmonised framework which applies to all agricultural products, which is why I have to reject Amendments Nos 39, 40 and 43.
If we rush things, we will jeopardise the success of the quality strategy, which is why the Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 15, 28, 29, 31, 38, 41, 42 and 44.
This morning, Mr Brok said in the debate on the transatlantic dialogue that we, as the European Union, had no profile in Ukraine and that blunders had been made, which is why we must take the Council's desire to make real progress here seriously and support it.
I get the impression from all the discussions that resolving these questions will be more difficult and more complicated that resolving many agricultural and structural problems, which is why we intend to tackle these and other questions during the budgetary procedure.
There will also be totally new demands on general administration, which is why it is absolutely necessary to extend Activity Based Budgeting and Activity-Based Management to parliamentary administration also.
Mr President, I have little time, that is why I hardly have the opportunity to highlight the importance of the forming of European parties.
This means, in other words, that today's debate, in my view, is at variance with the Rules of Procedure, which is why I do not wish to contribute any further to it.
Nevertheless, for the reasons stated, that is why I and my British colleagues will be opposing this premature report.
It is a profoundly unfair measure, and that is why we have voted against it.
It states that parties' own funding amounts to just 25%, and, thus, 75% is from subsidies, which is why I did not think the support of companies was necessary.
So we welcome progress in this area, but are very sceptical and simply see the problem of our drifting apart here, which is why we urgently call on the Commission to proceed carefully here, give precise definitions and simply say exactly what the need for unification consists of or what the disadvantages of the present system are.
It is your report, rapporteur, but all of us, and of course the Group of the European People' s Party, see ourselves in it, which is why I want to highlight two major issues.
This is quite clear and that is why we need new instruments.
In Nice, we bought a one-way ticket, which is why the Méndez de Vigo/Seguro resolution is a critical resolution.
I would like it to be even more critical, however, which is why I shall abstain.
The Conciliation Committee has finally managed to reach a reasonable compromise, and that is why I recommend the entire European Parliament to back this achieved result.
Therefore, the Méndez de Vigo-Seguro report should have been more emphatic, because it was important for Parliament to highlight the inadequacies of Nice and send a clear signal about this, which is why I also regret that some of the amendments tabled that were going in that direction did not stand.
Go and ask Mrs Hulthén and the European Parliament' - and that is why I am asking you now - 'to think not just about the future survival of mankind' - an excellent thing, which is why I voted for the motion - 'but also about the survival of mankind right now, which is all too often not a very cheering subject but which I feel is really important for us here at this time.'
However, we wanted to have enough time for the debate on Gothenburg, which is why we have proposed that the Wuori report be postponed until the mini-session.
It is high time we addressed appalling cases such as the Dutroux case in Belgium, where the inadequate legal framework means that it is still impossible to prove the constituent elements of the crime and hold the trial which has been pending for the last four years, which is why the Union initiative to stamp out this vile crime and create a common reference framework to strengthen judicial and police cooperation between the Member States and bring these criminal syndicates to justice is all the more important.
Three times we have seen consumer confidence in food safety shattered, which is why this debate is absolutely topical and the decision to proceed immediately with the creation of a European Food Authority is absolutely the right decision.
Mr Whitehead' s report is balanced and sensible, which is why I shall be supporting it.
This must remain possible in future, which is why I support Amendment No 102 as tabled by the Greens.
The PPE-DE Group believes that those most in need deserve our solidarity, which is why we shall continue to need the Structural Funds in the future and why they must focus on the countries in the future European Union which are worst off.
Of course, I am happy for them, but I would prefer it - and this is why I abstained - if we could say the same thing to all the workers of Europe as well, who, in all our States, are told, "You will have to work until you are 65 or 70 years old and for at least 30, 35 or 40 years, and the most you will be able receive is 40 or 50% of your retirement pension".
And that is why I did not bring her to Strasbourg with my mother, my sister and my wife.
The second point on which we disagree is night work: we should remember that most serious accidents on European roads are caused not by technical faults but by overtired drivers, which is why we think that eight hours is long enough at the wheel.
We think that flexible working times should be in the interest of both sides, i.e. the employer or haulier and the employee, which is why we feel that a day's notice is a sensible solution.
I was involved in the British general election and also in the mayor-making of my wife, which is why I was unable to be here.
That is the reason for establishing the COPE Fund and that is why we are supporting this initiative.
But all I can say is that, the same thing always happens; we always have to put on the pressure first and adopt our own legislation before any global regulations are passed, which is why we must push ahead here.
That is parliamentarianism, which is why the agency must be independent, but under the responsibility of the Commission, and why we and not some experts appointed to the Administrative Board must exercise the right of control.
In actual fact - that is why I am so pleased with Mr Byrne' s presence here this evening - this matter is also of relevance to consumers, for we are once again debating a directive which has implications for farmers. But what about the implications for consumers?
The European Parliament is prepared to provide exceptional assistance to Kosovo as quickly as possible, which is why we accepted the request for urgent procedure this week.
In this respect it is radically different from the CART aid, which is why it needs a different legal basis, as we explain in our proposal.
Considerable progress has therefore been made, but despite this, there are still inadequacies, which is why we need to maintain the measures, even improving the mechanisms to seek even more positive results.
The Commission realised then that shipowners and crews could not be left unprotected while the negotiations continued, which is why the proposal for a Regulation that is being voted on today was presented in order to change the legal basis of the FIFG Regulation with two objectives: on the one hand, enabling the aid to be extended for 6 more months, until 30 June, and on the other hand, authorising the Member States concerned to exceed the threshold of 4% of the FIFG budget that they may use for aid due to the inactivity of the fleet. The period had, obviously due to the extraordinary nature of the situation, had already been long exceeded.
Fourthly, we want more competition between supply sources, which is why we have introduced the principle whereby aid must reflect the costs of transport from the European mainland.
It is a proven fact that most air traffic accidents are caused by human error, which is why introducing a uniform system for collecting, recording, exchanging and disseminating information on dangerous or potentially dangerous occurrences in all the Member States of the Community will allow a wide variety of occurrences to be evaluated, conclusions drawn and preventive measures taken.
However, we must not forget that high animal protection standards result in higher production costs in the EU, which is why we must ensure that our pig breeders are not exposed to competition from imports which do not have to comply with the same animal protection standards and are therefore able to charge lower prices.
We therefore need to prevent imports of pigmeat from third countries which do not have the same laws on animal protection and animal health standards, which is why the whole question of animal welfare needs to be dealt with during the forthcoming World Trade Organisation negotiations.
This means that these farms are not entitled to increases, which is why we suggest a 20% increase in global payments.
This illustrates just how tremendous our responsibility is, which is why we urgently need to comply with and strengthen international law and work towards multilateralism on these issues.
It is, of course, based first and foremost on respect for the rule of law, which is why it is a serious problem that this sensitive balance in Malaysia has been increasingly disturbed over recent years by the centralist policies of Prime Minister Mahathir, who started by showing a lack of respect for the individual states, followed, in his abuse of the Islamic faith, by an increasing lack of respect for the other religions, and who is now upsetting the balance between the various nationalities.
Given that the external art market is under no illusion as to the importance of the draft submitted today for the vote by Parliament, there is, therefore, no real reason to reject this draft text, and that is why our group will be voting for the motion.
This is the way we should look at it, and that is why what we have contributed during the Swedish presidency has been to the very highest degree a debate about the future. The issues are enlargement, foreign and security policy and the environment.
This is one of the most sensitive and difficult reforms in all Member States and that is why it is of great political importance.
But what is clear is that we need to safeguard decent pensions, which is why the role of the first pillar is very important.
And my question does not refer just to Greece; it refers to all the countries of the European Union, which is why I should like you to tell me more about public finances and changes in unemployment.
This has not been promised by the Commission, which is why I cannot say that I am satisfied with the reply.
Sustainable energy also requires large-scale projects, and this is why Government commitment is required.
Strictly speaking, this waste is of a renewable origin, and that is why the Council has defended its inclusion.
But it is important to get the principles right from the outset, to ensure success, and that is why we have spelt this out in detail.
Consumer confidence is fundamental for business and that is why the presence of the European Union on the Internet with a top-level domain is particularly important.
However, the Conference of Presidents - and this is why I have risen again - can only accept information from the President of Parliament again; it has no right to make any further amendments to any decisions announced this morning by the President.
That is the reality and that is why we need a new approach.
Madam Minister, I myself am Catalan, a Catalan from Roussillon, in other words a French national, and I applied to be included in a coalition in the Spanish State, a Basque-Catalan coalition, and that is why I, the Catalan, have taken over from Mr Gorka Knörr, the Basque.
Either they were not financially transparent, like the minibudgets, or they were conducive to fraud like the TAOs, which is why Parliament demanded their abolition.
However, as I have already mentioned, recreational craft are used in areas in which there are large numbers of people trying to relax, which is why it is especially important to keep on reducing noise pollution and why I think it would be wrong to allow any further derogations.
However, my group, the Greek MEPs in the European People's Party, and I personally have a number of objections to the final text, which is why we each went our own way, some voting against and others, like myself, abstaining.
Belarus is of strategic importance to the EU, which is why we must do everything we can to ensure that democracy is restored there.
This shows that we are talking about an important political force here, which is why it is important to support the freedom of the people of Belarus and ensure that democracy and the rule of law are established there.
Once again, the Menrad report represents a considerable step forward and this is why it has the support of my group.
Even the Mitchell report, which we all support as a common point of reference, cannot be implemented because the Israeli government under Mr Sharon - who is wanted by the police in your country, Madam President-in-Office, which is why he cannot be invited to Brussels - wants to interpret the Mitchell report and determine when it will be applied.
Madam President, I have personally been taken to task by Commissioner Patten, as have several Members, which is why I think we at least have the right to respond.
People wanting to enter the Union across the external borders must also be treated humanely, and that is why we advocate a European border police.
In my view sufficient account has not been taken of this and that is why I have voted against.
Commissioner Verheugen mentioned this phenomenon this morning, and this is why we have tabled an amendment which I hope will be adopted tomorrow, calling upon the Commission to increase its commitment to European Union information and promotion campaigns in order to convince the Poles that their presence in Europe is essential for both us and them.
As far as Cyprus is concerned, we have taken note of the positive points in the Poos report, which is why we shall abstain rather than vote against it.
The contest tomorrow is free movement of goods versus environmental protection - it is a fundamentally European question, which is why I call on you to vote in favour of the report.
At the moment, the two clauses contradict each other, which is why we are proposing that they be removed.
The EU must expend its energies on the key areas: the internal market, economic policy, foreign policy and asylum and immigration policy, and that is why we must also be very cautious about otherwise well-meaning initiatives in the area of cultural policy.
In my view, this point is fundamental and that is why this report, in spite of its values, leaves me with mixed feelings.
It is a political scandal, it is an economic scandal and it is a scandalous mass violation of human rights and the rules of democracy, which is why any strategic plan dealing with Echelon-type espionage systems should force governments and international organisations to face squarely up to their responsibilities.
To the Council, the financial perspectives are sacred, and that is why they aim to solve the problem by transferring certain expenses, which they would have gladly included in their own budget, to category 3, such as 3.5 million for Eurojust, and nearly 1 million for Schengen.
Yet I regard it as being difficult, nay, impossible, and I will come back to this point in a few moments, to exclude decaBDE, which is why in Amendment No 4 in my report I call for a method for the evaluation of risks by family of chemical products, and no longer on an individual substance by substance basis.
In conclusion, Mr President, that is why I am calling on all the political groups to support this compromise amendment which ensures free access on the part of patients to blood and to medicinal products, both of which each day save thousands of lives.
The intention seems to be that this House should have a debate on blood at about midnight when the werewolves are out, but be that as it may, at precisely midnight, I heard Commissioner Byrne say - but it may have been an error of interpretation, which is why I should like to have it repeated - that he did not believe that blood from stable and voluntary pools of donors, familiar to us from a number of Member States, was safer and of a higher quality than that obtained from people who supplement their income by donating blood.
The perverse result of this measure, if it were adopted, would obviously be that the Member States would be encouraged to retain classified documents rather than passing them on to Community bodies, and this is why my group cannot support this proposal.
We, think, Mr President, that defining these two categories of juice, corresponding to two different names, represents real progress in consumer information, and that is why we support it.
A lack of vets and no epidemic monitoring, which is why the disease spread.
It was more than a personal accusation, and that is why, Mr President, I should like you to allow Mr Miranda to take the floor, and to ensure that his restatement is included in the minutes.
Both the people who live in the mountains and the tourists who visit every year looking for rest and relaxation value this unique natural and cultural landscape, which is why we must create appropriate incentives for people to live and work there.
They have been experienced in Ireland, Britain, Spain and other European countries: that is why we share and understand the pain of those who have suffered.
However, European Union law seriously lacks any teeth, which is why we are calling for legislation to be applied which will make this horrible practice a crime.
Finally, we appreciate that non-governmental organisations can act as a catalyst both in the European Union and in Africa, which is why they are the Commission's main contacts, our main partners in this endeavour.
Mr President, Mrs Smet's report is the outcome of serious study as well as political experience and personal commitment, which is why it was enthusiastically adopted by a large majority in committee.
So although I agree with much of Mr Andersson's report, I disagree with the fact that we should have binding legislation and that is why we have called for the split vote.
I should like to assure the House that the Commission is fully aware of the problem, which is why this issue is one of the important aspects of the Commission communication on standards released in June and one of the issues for which we are also examining the question of indicators.
Mr President, that is why I think it would be difficult to embark upon an exercise which would involve regular reports on Schengen, because these would end up being reports on the various instruments that have replaced or are in the process of replacing Schengen.
Mr President, Commissioner, it is no exaggeration to say that a significant proportion of the inhabitants of Europe are forced to live with levels of noise which have a serious impact on their health, which is why I think it is important for the Union to launch an integrated strategy to combat noise.
For these reasons, we cannot accept the amendments introducing daughter directives and limit values, but we are willing to propose further actions as soon as possible, which is why we wholeheartedly accept amendments strengthening the timetable.
However, we need protection for these particular applications and that is why I have tabled my amendment - No 29 - giving a detailed list of exemptions: strimmers, chainsaws, brush cutters, machines for drilling holes in the ice and so on. I am very disappointed that Mr Lange has not seen fit to support that amendment, because without the protection of this detailed list of exceptions, Mr Lange's amendment - No 30 - does not go far enough, relying only on some technical committee, some Commission assessment of the alternatives.
I believe the current committee system is a distortion of democracy, which is why we have looked at it critically.
I am sure I do not need to tell the European Parliament that, to us, asylum is a sacred concept, that it constitutes the dignity of Europe, and that is why, throughout the world, Europe still acts as a beacon and an example.
We need to do this quickly, and that is why I said that we must, at the Laeken Summit, try to re-launch the European dynamic, because otherwise the outcome would be negative and not a true reflection of our opinions.
Greece is having to shoulder a burden which is out of proportion to what it can cope with, which is why the European Union urgently needs to take its share of the responsibility, in this specific case by helping Greece to draw up an integrated joint plan to protect the right of asylum and ensure that the Geneva Convention is fully applied.
We are not stupid, we are intelligent and that is why intelligent energy - a phrase with which I hope everyone is becoming familiar - and certainly Mr Wijkman, Mr Turmes, Mrs Van der Laan and I are doing our best to make it a very familiar phrase - and energy-intelligent Europe depends on energy efficiency.
A propitious environment is the main requirement, so that new initiatives, new discoveries and scientific applications can be developed, which is why we need social components working together, we need close cooperation between businesses and scientific institutions, as well as schools and universities, and we also need the help of the media if an innovative culture is to mature in our society as a whole.
We are quite a way behind and I think that this is a bitter but honest admission, which is why we need the measures proposed in the report, together with suitable educational systems that nurture innovation.
The European Commission must also focus on disseminating the results of best practices, which is why pioneering methods need to be found, with much better penetration and efficiency than those available under past policies and both the Member States of the European Union and candidate countries must work with the European Union and take appropriate steps to disseminate best practices and adopt all the new models which account for the performance of the best countries.
So that is why you are waiting before adopting a clear stance.
Of course, we are aware of this problem and this is why all these initiatives have been implemented.
It has actually been rather humiliating to discuss this matter, but that is why it is all the more gratifying that the EU has now done something in this area and, for example, totally untied the funds, which means that developing countries can buy wherever it is best and cheapest to do so.
The fight against international terrorism will only be totally effective if it is carried out under the auspices of the United Nations and this is why we specifically reject the use of Article 5 of the NATO Treaty, which runs the risk of dragging the European Union and the international community into a spiral of violence with incalculable consequences.
The Stability and Growth Programme must, therefore, be made more flexible, in addition to the flexibility resulting from 'automatic stabilisation' , and this is why I abstained on the motion for a resolution tabled by the PPE-DE Group.
We therefore believe that this must not be promoted, which is why we are voting against this part (paragraph 1 aa) of the report.
This is a very short-sighted position, which is why we propose it be removed.
We also disagree with the idea that public investment is not a solution to the crisis or that it is generally poorly managed and led, which is why we have tabled a proposal for an amendment that highlights the importance of public investment for economic growth and employment.
All the choices made by big business illustrate how worried it is about the possible renationalisation of competition policy (i.e. control by the Member States, not the Commission of the European Union), which is why the report proposes an international competition system in the framework of the WTO.
This is our simple analysis and this is why we continue.
The Azores, Madeira and the Canary Islands did not have any colonial status at any time in their history, which is why they should be expressly excluded from this statement by the rapporteur, and I hope that the House and the rapporteur himself can accept this request.
That is all you need to say and that is why I maintain that a lack of courage and historical insight are what led to the proposal by the Committee on Foreign Affairs being watered down.
The Schengen system, be it the first generation or the second generation which we are debating today, is a constituent element in the mechanism of repression, which is why the grass roots movement is fighting to abolish it.
We regret that the motion for a resolution presented to us does not in the end meet the expectations of the explanatory statement which he had drawn up, and that is why we have thought it appropriate to introduce certain amendments aimed at reinforcing the political message of the report.
That is why it is also disappointing that it has been difficult to get the Commission to agree to increasing the budget so that we might appropriate this money, and that is why we, in the Group of the Party of European Socialists, have naturally endorsed the need to increase the amount to EUR 55 million, and not EUR 50 million.
I am sure other areas in the Union have had similar bad experiences, which is why we believe that the measures proposed by the honourable Member and other policies in this sector of the European Union should be coordinated and dealt with at European and national level in order to give new impetus to employment planning and implementation at local level.
I believe, as others have said, that we cannot wait too long for this to come into effect which is why I support the shorter transition period.
The common position as it stands is fine, which is why I personally did not put forward any amendments to that, but the committee amendments propose yet another one-size fits-all straitjacket which would be highly damaging to managers' ability to manage and in particular to their ability to manage rapid change.
There must also be consistency in terms of effectiveness and implementation: that is why we call for the adoption of auditable, reliable common indicators at Member State as well as Community level, in order to achieve national objectives without whose achievement it would subsequently be difficult to reach our common European and Community objectives.
It also applies, however, to the issue of life long learning. I believe that this is perhaps the most central issue if we are to be able to obtain economic growth and create more employment opportunities in the future, and that is why I am supporting this universal right.
Its relevance warrants our support once again and this is why we have voted in favour of it.
The proposals contained in the Korhola report do, by and large, improve the document, although they do not sufficiently resolve all the shortcomings of the proposal for a Directive, which is why we have also voted in favour of other proposals that extend the report' s proposal, thereby helping to ensure that an opportunity is not wasted in the complex process of implementing the Aarhus Convention.
The matter is urgent, and that is why I am pleased that the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has also expressed its wishes.
Europe' s most important trait is its diversity, and that is why Europe cannot be compared to the United States of America.
These are pivotal issues for the future of the European Union and of the cohesion policy, and that is why this subject, which we are now discussing at the midnight hour, is more important than has been evident hitherto.
With regard to the incentive measures to ensure compliance with basic standards in the field of employment law, we agree with your wish, Mr Désir, to highlight the importance of strengthening the ILO and this is why your suggestion to create a multilateral agreement within the WTO does not fill us with any great enthusiasm.
On the subject of time, I should like to come back to an idea which I put forward when I had the honour of drawing up a report for this Parliament comprising a road map or timetable, and that is why tomorrow we will also be proposing that Turkey, itself, should table a timetable next year showing how it intends to meet the political Copenhagen criterion.
However, we all know, and Turkey should also know, which is why we must say so loud and clear, that they represent enormous progress within Turkey itself.
I am confident that accession negotiations with Cyprus will be concluded during the course of next year, which is why it is particularly important that the parties involved make every effort to find a lasting political solution.
The joint motion contains nothing more than sickening praise for the summit's decisions and shows absolutely no sign of sensitivity to the consequences which these decision will have both within the EU and in the world as a whole, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
However, we have to work within the budget, and this is why I fully support Mr Adam's proposal of EUR 25 and am confident that the Council will consider this proposal as a very viable option given the constraints.
That will require the necessary efforts to be made and that is why the institutions have until June to achieve this.
I welcome this and that is why I hope that we can approve these Rules of Procedure on Tuesday.
It is important for a sufficient number of market operators to enter the market, and that is why the same conditions of access must apply to public and private businesses alike.
It is now deemed to be insufficient, and that is why we are supporting the draft framework directive and the amendments tabled by the Group of the Party of European Socialists, the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance.
We cannot accept these proposals and that is why we demand this report is rejected.
The same is true for other technical-nautical services, which is why the Commission cannot accept those amendments which exclude pilotage from the scope of the directive.
They are presented today, however, in a very broad range of demands, some of which are extremely bold and that is why I am able to support the package put forward by Mr Chichester, whom I wish to compliment on his report.
However, neither the original formula nor my original proposal would be completely satisfactory to a good number of my fellow Members, who hold different positions, which is why compromise amendments had to be tabled that, I think, should resolve the problem reasonably clearly.
That is why we found the Commission' s proposal both balanced and interesting, although possibly a little overcomplicated, which is why we have endeavoured to streamline it with a series of amendments - I am, of course speaking on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, which has drafted its opinion - to make the sector which does not focus primarily on insurance rather more mobile and marketable.
Science must not be dependent on the ethics of big corporations, and that is why it must receive public funding.
Mooring services, like piloting, must therefore be excluded from the European directive, and that is why the group of the Greens has voted in favour of Amendments No 66 and 67 of this report.
The threat is a common threat, which is why it needs a concerted response.
At a time when the consequences of the 11 September attacks have led to a pause in orders for cruise ships, a sector which does not need subsidies, orders for oil tankers are much needed, which is why we must include this sector in the defensive mechanism.
The public will be able to touch the euro and that is why confidence in the euro will grow from that moment on.
In the first place, that is why the conversion must be as smooth as possible and it is therefore a good idea to concentrate all our efforts on that event.
It is too little, too late, and that is why the Commission must resort to the proposals of a Regulation.
I share their point of view on this score, and that is why my group has re-tabled the amendment that was already adopted in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, namely to include VAT in the equation.
The restrictions imposed on airlines by traditional rules of ownership and control in bilateral air transport service agreements make mergers and acquisitions and external investment very difficult, even if the companies are in dire economic straits, which is why the Community desperately needs a dynamic common policy in the external relations sector.
But of course legislation cannot stop the current round of redundancies, which is why available Community resources need to be used to deal with the fallout from the crisis.
I agree, and this is why I was giving the floor to the Commission.
The Commission addresses the 'tobacco issue' purely from the point of view of health, which is why it attempts to question the provision of Community aid to growers and goes so far as to propose an early revision of the COM in tobacco in order to reduce quotas and cut subsidies to the sector.
In fact, it would also be very useful if some progress were made in the legislative work in line with the discussion in the framework of the social dialogue on modernising labour relations, and that is why we made a number of proposals that are now before you.
However, the Commission thinks it is important to monitor recent developments directly on the ground, which is why it is planning to despatch ECHO delegates to Nigeria to record the dangers already referred to.
We all know that Europe is suffering from a serious democratic deficit, and that is why there is obviously a need to radically reform the way in which powers are exercised at European level.
I therefore see the European arrest warrant as a huge step forward in European integration too, and that is why I find the position of the Italian government, which is showing concern at the inclusion of offences, particularly financial offences, in this list, frankly incomprehensible.
We cannot accept that; that is why we have put forward the proposal for a directive that converts the main content of the protocol and the convention into a directive; this has already been discussed in Parliament on a number of occasions and has repeatedly been called for by the President himself.
These forms of assistance are, therefore, genuinely needed, which is why those of us in the Committee on Budgets support the Commission' s proposal to modify this Council regulation so that we can extend the period up to the end of 2002.
The most certain way in which we could deliver the assistance was by extending the work of the Reconstruction Agency and that is why we are all here this evening.
So-called therapeutic cloning of embryos leads to reproductive cloning and that is why it must be banned.
An attempt is being made to head off the expected mass demonstrations which accompanied previous revisions of the Treaties in Maastricht, Amsterdam and Nice, which is why the method used for the so-called 'Charter of Rights' is being used here again.
However, our motives were very different from those of Mr Berlusconi, and that is why I should like to make this contribution, mainly to avoid being tarred with the same brush.
Science is crucial, so is independence - that is why the siting of this authority is important.
The market wants the development of a pan-European telecommunications market, whereas the short-sightedness of the national authorities often tends to slow down that process of development in this phase; that is why I tabled this amendment which, I hope, will be taken into due consideration by the Belgian Presidency, the Council, the Commission and this House.
We have an ambitious programme, we support the Commission and we call on the Commission and the Council for us all to work together, as there should not be any competition between our various institutions, because we are all committed to the same Europe, and that is why the Commission, the Council and Parliament must each fulfil their own responsibilities.
I wanted to express gratitude for his major efforts, for thanks to his work, we have managed to reach clear and sound agreements across the political divide, and that is why we are now where we are.
We harbour no illusions as to the nature of the EU's employment policy or its policy on SMEs, which is basically non-existent, or the interests which that policy represents, which is why we feel that any reference to employment, to fighting unemployment and to supporting small and medium-sized enterprises within the guidelines for this policy is pure hypocrisy.
Obviously, the political mouthpieces of the European monopolies know full well that their anti-grass roots policy is going to come up against more and more grass-roots opposition, which is why they are attempting to use repressive measures to terrorise and restrain popular unrest.
However, as Parliament we feel partly responsible for what the Commission and the Council do, and that is why we have opened this debate.
I have to tell you that this hush-up conceals bankrupt companies, a great deal of human misery and several suicides, which is why the report by the chairman of the Committee on Petitions, Mr Gemelli, which Plenary adopted today, calls for the powers and efficiency of the Committee on Petitions to be enhanced so that petitioners can obtain justice promptly and avert irreparable damage, for example to the environment or cultural monuments.
I should like to say to Mrs Maes that she is fully aware of the dangers of swapping mobiles and subsequently leaving them switched on, but this is a Belgian inside joke, Mr President, which all fellow countrymen will be able to enjoy to the full, and this is why it is best if we did not.
And that is why I applaud this Civil Peace Corps.
The EU' s own attitude could possibly break this deadlock, and this is why I warmly welcome what the rapporteur has stated.
Something will therefore be done about this situation, and that is why we are also pleased with the communication.
I insist; for both parties, and that is why it has been reached.
I think that a functioning European farming industry and a functioning European ecosystem need suitable support for our beekeepers, which is why I ask the House to throw its full weight behind the Lulling report.
There is no reason to believe that things will be much better under the Northern Alliance, which is why we must support the courage and determination of the RAWA today.
Mr Sylla pointed out that this is not a one-off incident and that problems such as this occur year in year out, which is why I do not intend to go through all these measures again on behalf of our group.
We are not talking about language diversity, we are talking about the lesser-used languages, which is why I am also rather sorry, Commissioner Nielson, that you chose not to honour a lesser-used language by speaking Danish.
We could have done a much better job if we had had more time, which is why our group does not support all the proposed amendments.
We can only run once we have learned to walk, which is why we must keep a sense of reason and hope that Laeken prompts something in the convention to bring this about.
We are fighting for them to become the mortar of Europe, which is why we support the lesser-used languages.
It is precisely because this will probably be the case that I firmly believe that it would provide a good counterbalance if the next President of the European Parliament were to come from a smaller group, and that is why our group will be giving its full support to Pat Cox, the Chairman of the Liberal Group.
This is not the time to judge whether or not we have finally achieved our aim; that will depend on the degree to which the proposals tabled by the Convention find their way into the new Treaties, which is why the Convention needs to table specific institutional proposals, assuming of course that it reaches an agreement.
We know your vision, we know your determination, and that is why we have confidence in you.
With regard to the report by Mr Van Dam, I should like to note that we really have been in a position to implement this in a relatively short space of time, and that is why I should like to support his attempts to prevent another round of amendments so that we can roll up our sleeves at the earliest opportunity, in the knowledge that there will undoubtedly be a number of flaws which will be picked up during the evaluation which will take place within three years - at least, I assume that this promise will be confirmed shortly.
The fourth issue concerns the need to approach the fisheries sector with an awareness of its specific characteristics and this is why the principle of relative stability must be upheld.
We must support the Danish fishing sector in this case, and that is why I ask this House to support Mr Busk's two amendments.
The purpose of this report too - and these are the last reports on fish, which is why I have such a desire to have a delicious plate of fried fish on the table before me - is to exploit the fishing activity to obtain the greatest quantity of fish possible, in other words to catch the greatest possible number of fish.
The inevitable conclusion is that the illegals are simply the logical consequence of the 'fortress EU' policy, and that is why I entertain no high hopes of major changes on this point from within Parliament, the Commission or the Council in the immediate future.
There is a contradiction between Article 202 and Parliament's codecision procedure; that is why it needs to be amended.
There is much that it can be used to achieve, but not everything, which is why I am against these proposals.
My evaluation of the measures taken by the Greek government, which is why I was cautious, is that its reaction bodes well in that it has introduced a series of institutional measures which are now under way, such as integrating immigrants and paying companies incentives for low-paid workers and, once they have been implemented, these institutional reforms should bring in positive results.
We need a way of working that is transparent and public, and that is why the Convention as a whole must be at the heart of the work.
I think that is why we understand each other very well.
As the General Affairs Council has underscored, progress on the ground is a necessary corollary of the dialogue and that is why we evaluate the dialogue annually.
But that is why, contrary to what Mr Mussotto and the Committee on Regional Policy demand, we should stick to the 75% of average Community GNP as a graduation point.
At the same time, we must use the money in the most effective way, which is why the EU' s agricultural policy should be reformed and coordinated with regional policy so that it promotes rural development, that is to say promotes differentiated economic life in agricultural areas too.
And this is why I suggested, along with my colleagues, for this genuine reason, that we adopt a progressive approach to the cohesion policy.
We are mindful of the difficulties of funding such a large-value infrastructures project solely from the private sector, which is why we have put forward the amendment enabling some funding to come from defence budgets provided it is used only for peacekeeping purposes.
We are not always aware of this, which is why I would also like us to be able to set up, not another observatory but, within the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training, based at Thessaloniki, a sort of European illiteracy monitoring centre, as suggested by my group, specifically by submitting Amendment No 5.
Nor is there any doubt that this is a European issue, which is why I also sincerely support what the rapporteur has said about open coordination being the best method of achieving progress in this area.
(EL) The European Parliament resolution on the Middle East may ascribe some responsibility to the Israeli government, but it remains faithful to the general policy of sitting squarely on the fence, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece abstained from the vote.
. (EL) The proposed resolution by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs is a move in the right direction, which is why I support it.
Here too, we must to admit to the need to reconcile economies and societies with very different customs and practices, which is why the agreed framework is flexible and does not insist on uniform, inflexible solutions which it would be impossible to put into practice and which would make it hard to even agree on a framework.
Although it is clear to us that the Spanish Presidency has been led into a difficult situation here - which is why I do not want to criticise the Presidency too harshly - our group would very much have welcomed it if the Finance Ministers of the EU countries had gone along with the Commission's proposals when what was at issue was the requirement that two EU countries should actually abide by the Stability and Growth Pact.
No, ladies and gentlemen, we must say more distinctly that liberalisation means more competition, more competition means reduced prices, and reduced prices benefit precisely those people - that is, consumers - who do not have such high incomes, and that is why it is important that we bring this competition about.
We are not starting with a blank slate, which is why before looking at some of the key points of this report, I shall give a brief summary of our current relations with this region.
If that were the case, we might perhaps be able to agree to the debate being cancelled now, but, I am sad to say, according to past precedent, that is extremely unlikely, which is why I strongly urge the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats to fulfil their undertaking given last week.
As you can see, it is useful and necessary to think about the strategy itself, but this must go hand in hand with improving the organisation of our resources, and this is why the Commission is currently in the process of assessing the real ability of the tools that we have available.
I think that the compromise before us brings together both these aims and that is why I will vote in favour of it tomorrow.
It seems to me that we need a priority-setting, forward-thinking agenda, which is why we are supporting the idea of a study, so that we in the Budgets Committee should have an idea where the money is coming from.
Mr President, the Commission's proposals for fully liberalising the internal market in electricity and natural gas in the Member States of the European Union are, in our view, on the right track, which is why the rapporteurs, Mr Turmes, Mr Rapkei and Mr Mombaur, basically endorsed them.
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the energy sector is not like other sectors, and that is why the discussion cannot be restricted to the question of opening up to competition and the associated timetable.
The ICAO agreement on the new chapter four was secured only after laborious negotiations, but of course it does not apply straight away, and that is why it is good that we are introducing these additional possibilities for placing operational restrictions on individual airports, which will enable stricter noise emission standards to be imposed.
This was the thrust of repeated amendments proposed by my political group in committee; however, the rapporteur failed to pay them any attention, which is why my political group has tabled amendments before plenary.
When species become extinct, they are gone for ever, and this is why now is the time for action.
This is why labelling is needed; this is why safety is paramount.
And this is why I ask you, Commissioner, whether Compromise Amendment 25 that has been set before us lifts this ban.
I believe Amendment No 10 was good, which is why the committee adopted it.
Commissioner, there is currently a serious discrepancy between the enormous quantity of legislation we have approved and which we are continuing to approve but with which, nevertheless, the Member States are still failing to comply, which is why we have before us two own-initiative reports - on nitrates and habitats - by the European Parliament.
So there will be a clash between us anyway, and that is why it is important for us to vote on all three amendments in this way.
responsibility for action to lie with the employer, not the workers, which is why ear protectors should not be taken into account;
These positions are contained in the relevant amendments tabled by the European Parliament, which is why I supported them, but are not included in the Council's common position.
These objectives will ultimately not be compatible, which is why I am voting against the proposal.
Freedom of religion and protection against discrimination are key aspects of fundamental rights that cannot be played off against each other, and that is why I voted against this report.
I say that because there is a common denominator here, which is why investments have to be taken into account.
That is our principle, and that is why - not because it is what my group wants, but because it is part of the Commission's programme - the completion of the internal market and the further liberalisation of public-sector services are a priority, as is the fact that we need to equip ourselves for competition at world level, and the fact that we need to dismantle obstacles in the Member States and to tackle the process of reform.
I realise that the Rules of Procedure are not read carefully and that does not shock me; but that is why I am reminding you of them.
Mr Obiols is aware of the extent of Spain's current concern about this issue, given that Spain was one of the countries that was represented at ministerial level at the Conference, and the extent of their concern as Presidency-in-Office, which is why we have taken all necessary steps with all Ministers concerned, and have repeated to them on various occasions that, with regard to this meeting, which will be important with regard to the revision of the Barcelona process, the physical presence of the Ministers responsible for Foreign Affairs in the European Union is absolutely crucial.
And that is why I am proposing a deal to Mr Carnero González.
We have been told that the work on the new Rules of Procedure has not been totally without conflict - that is why it will be very important for us to have the support this report so that the negotiations in Cape Town can be brought to a satisfactory conclusion.
The Commission was conscious of the fact that something needed to be done in the meantime and that this interim period needed to be bridged, which is why it suggested that the Council and Parliament approve the proposal for a regulation extending the improvement plans by a further year. This draft also makes provision for special aid for hazelnuts.
All these proposals impact on the budget, some considerably, which is why the Commission cannot agree to them.
All these proposed amendments have repercussions which go beyond the framework of the proposal submitted, which merely recommends a year's extension, which is why I cannot accept these amendments within the context of this proposal.
This is clearly illustrated, for example, in Amendments Nos 7 and 12, calling for tobacco growers to be encouraged to switch into other crops, which is why we shall be voting against it.
All this clearly illustrates that the few sentences on the fish processing industry in the Green Paper are far too little and fail to take proper account of this sector, which is why I proposed this own initiative report, to draw attention to this neglected sector and, more importantly, to test out the room for political manoeuvre here in the run up to the reform of the common fisheries policy.
Admittedly, these are raw materials which the EU fleet cannot supply, which is why we need to improve conditions and guarantee security of supply.
Rather, it is the victim of these, which is why it should not be left to shoulder the burden alone.
We need more information on this sector, which is why we have called for an analysis from the Commission.
We already meet these requirements under the current interinstitutional agreements, especially the framework agreement between Parliament and the Commission of 5 July 2000, which is why these proposed amendments are redundant.
I think it is wrong to vote on such a technical text at such short notice, which is why I have serious reservations about voting on it now.
It would be a mistake if this country were unable to join the international community, which is why we could make a start by giving it observer status and letting it work with other international organisations in the future.
Health is a valuable commodity which everyone has the right to enjoy, which is why I take the view that, in an area which affects everyone, no one who wants to help improve the welfare of people in their own and other countries should be excluded.
Taiwan has expressed a desire to help the WHO, both financially and technically, which is why I think there is not just good cause, it is imperative that Taiwan be granted observer status at the annual meeting of the World Health Assembly.
We are well aware of what Taiwan has achieved in the health sector and its increasing commitment in international aid and health operations, which is why we are in favour of extending contacts between Taiwan and the World Health Organisation, provided that the rules of the WHO so allow.
I have to say that Mugabe realised that his game might be up some two years ago, ZANU-PF came close to losing the general election; and that is why for the past two years - not just the past two weeks - he has been trying to fix the political system in his favour by a systematic campaign of terror and intimidation against anyone who opposed him.
If this country now falls into political crisis, just when it is on the verge of becoming a neighbouring country, it will also affect us, which is why I think the government urgently needs to give in, reverse these decisions and do something about creating economic and political stability in this country.
As a matter of fact, that is why the Spanish Government sent huge numbers of police into the streets of Barcelona with the excuse that Batisuna would unleash violence between them and anti-globalisation demonstrators.
The resolution by the European Parliament is a commendation of the anti-grass roots policy of the EU, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
My group does not agree with this approach which is why we have tabled amendments designed to de-link immigration controls from dealing with asylum applications.
I hope that matters are improving, which is why I have said that we are now waiting to see what the outcome of the Court of Auditors' decisions will be, whereupon we shall have to address the issue again.
There have been improvements since then however, which is why we do grant discharge to the Economic and Social Committee for 1998, 1999 and 2000.
This is to be welcomed, in my view, and this is why I should like to congratulate Mr McCartin - and the other rapporteurs too, in fact.
To give or withhold discharge is actually the greatest power Parliament possesses, in which Parliament is superior to the Council, and that is why it is a highly political instrument.
The report makes some progress, however, and puts forward some positive points that must not be dismissed and that is why we voted in its favour.
That is my worry and that is why I am pessimistic.
There is a further reason for our request to limit the marketing of this flame retardant which justifies the reintroduction of Amendments Nos 1, 2 and 3, and that is that octaBDE is used in a fairly small number of products and can be replaced in many cases by decabromodyphenl ether, and this is why my fellow Members and myself call for the precautionary principle to prevail over all other considerations.
Every time, this question is avoided, and this is why I will give my full backing to the proposals, including those made in the Council of Europe, to set up delegations, possibly in combination with members of the Duma who have a sense of responsibility, to go there and to establish for ourselves what is going on.
With regard to the 22 amendments that have been tabled, I should like to make the following brief observation: some, which simply replicate the contents of the text, should not be accepted, and there are also some amendments whose thrust would be more appropriate in a report on Hong Kong, which is why I am rejecting them at the present time. Lastly, there are other amendments, dealing either with the taxonomy of the text or with improving it, which I have accepted.
Initially, the Council was reluctant to provide this information which is why the text, as it stands at the moment, postpones discharge for the Council.
We should acknowledge that as a major shift from the Council, which is why I am urging you to vote today in favour of the line that I have proposed.
They therefore remember well how horrible it is to be at war, and that is why they have had enough of soldiers and weapons.
And this is why this report is so important, in my view.
Consequently, as our political group sees it, collective state pensions systems still take priority over purely private systems and are still one of the main ways of redistributing wealth, which is why they must continue to be funded by society as a whole.
Likewise, the proposal to ensure the reforms are democratically legitimate, by giving the European Parliament a more active role in commenting on national strategy reports and indicators to evaluate results and by extending the social dialogue to include representatives of pensioners, non-governmental organisations and women's organisations, is fundamental to the success of the reform process, which is why I feel that Amendment No 17 should be withdrawn.
We therefore have a great deal of ground to make up and this is why my report makes a number of proposals.
Language learning is an undisputed factor of mobility and this is why it would be desirable for the Member States to systematically establish the teaching of foreign languages in the form of modules in all institutions of higher education and also for teaching of the language of the host country to be made available to foreign students.
I thank them all the more, because in our somewhat beleaguered position, we non-attached members find it practically impossible to table motions, which is why we particularly welcome initiatives such as this.
Obviously that is the broad context, which is why the resolution in a paragraph I drafted says the long-term solution must be found in a concerted, European asylum policy.
Frankly, this debate has got off to a very poor start, which is why the Greens do not support this motion and call on their fellow members to do likewise, because there is something improper about it.
On the aspect of the subject addressed by Mr Medina Ortega, these flash floods are, unfortunately, quite a frequent phenomenon in the Mediterranean and in coastal regions, which is why we and the Member States have developed several specific projects on the subject, the results of which will allow us to decide if guidelines on reducing these floods need to be introduced under Community action programmes.
At this moment - and this is why Mr Solana is not here today - both Mr Solana and Mr Moratinos are visiting the region - and I did not go precisely so that I could be here - and they intend to visit President Arafat and if possible the other leaders in the region.
There are, therefore, prospects for peace, and this is why we must pursue the approach of cooperation; this is why it is so important that we work together with the United States, with Russia and with the United Nations, and when the opportunity arises to act with a degree of dilettantism, for Europe to have an independent voice, which sets us apart from the United States, I think that we have to be extremely prudent.
Human rights, democracy and the rule of law are inextricably linked to this, and this is why women should also be involved.
The practical work involved in getting people into jobs is done locally, and that is why local players must be involved in employment policy.
This is particularly important, which is why the European Parliament insisted on it.
When the action values are exceeded, employers must come up with practical action - that is why they are called action values - by, for example, changing the way in which the work is organised or investing in better equipment.
This is a very small sum when you think that the United States has given its military establishment USD 100 billion since September last year, and that is why President Bush promised a further USD 5 billion in development finance by 2006.
I condemn that secrecy on the part of the British Government and the Commission, and I want them to be absolutely transparent, which is why we must shame them into transparency by being open ourselves.
I agree with the rapporteur that the directive should apply immediately, which is why we need to avoid time-consuming amendments to individual regulations.
There is already a lack of manpower in certain professions in the tourist industry, which is why our committee is calling on the European Commission to draft a study into the requirements of the market in collaboration with the Member States and within the context of a tourism policy at national and regional level.
This position is in keeping with common sense: the tourists who visit a region are attracted by its specific local characteristics and this is why, in the Member States, responsibility for tourism is held at local or regional, sometimes national level.
I really would like to underline that, as it is very often said that it is political decision-makers that should have co-decision in these matters, and that is why the translation error needs to be corrected.
It actually surpasses my understanding why the EU governments are still balking at it, and that is why I hope that, the next time you assemble together, you will have learned something from the Year of Education through Sport and will make of it a real European-level task which will not, of course, be proceeded with outside the bounds of subsidiarity.
Whatever happens, my life will be completely transformed and that is why I am pleased to close this chapter of my political life, having contributed to the creation of an excellent European research programme which, with a budget of EUR 17.5 billion, is the third largest European policy.
Savings would then apply most drastically to activities that maintain Parliament's pluralistic and diverse nature, and that is why this is the wrong way to provide finance.
Producing homogenised statistics for the whole of the Union could prove to be a useful exercise, and that is why we voted in favour of the report.
We want to attach the greatest priority, however, to greater efficiency in this field and this is why we support the amendments in favour of substantially increasing the financing of local, national and transnational actions and of the initiatives of European organisations working in the educational and sports sectors.
Indications from the experience of the Tempus I and II programmes for trans-European cooperation in university studies have been largely positive, which is why we are confident about the innovations now being proposed for Tempus III, although with the reservation that a thorough and objective assessment must be carried out.
The report and the motion for a resolution on a European strategy for tourism, an industry which is hugely important to the economy of and employment in the European Union and which is widely neglected, contains a number of excellent points, which is why I shall vote in favour of it.
In all innocence, I thought that the delay would improve the proposal and that is why I was even pleased that the delay occurred.
We naturally have to do more than that and that is why we are so involved in the issue of economic development.
We in this House have always supported a longer-term, deeper transatlantic partnership, that is why we are calling on the Commission to produce a report.
So this starting point alone gets us nowhere, which is why I am so grateful to the rapporteur for including mainly structural improvements in his proposals, for suggesting that we move the discussion in a new direction, that we develop structural relations with the United States over and above NATO, which was one of the intentions of the transatlantic agenda in the early and mid-1990s.
The answer to that is more difficult, and this is why we have always thought that the euro adventure gives cause for concern.
The fourth issue which I believe we should devote some time to - and that is why I put it in writing, so that it might be discussed - is the issue of the transparency of the Council in general, but, in particular, when it is acting as legislator.
We know - by name - who arrives late at the Foreign Affairs Council, leaves early and, in between, sits looking rather bored while the Council legislates, which is why we feel we need a European Affairs Council for European legislation and a separate Council for foreign policy in general.
We want maximum possible transparency, which is why the Council, when it holds legislative meetings, should meet in public once the reform process is completed.
Unfortunately, my government has gained a rather dubious reputation here recently, which is why we need really radical reforms, reforms which stop ministers from hiding from their responsibility for European decisions behind "Brussels".
Mr President, I had the honour of initiating both the police academy and the border police and the House adopted my report on them almost unanimously back in 1998, which is why I am delighted to see that things are now beginning to move four years later.
The negotiations at the UN's preparatory meeting in New York did not lead to binding agreements, which is why the next and last chance for the global negotiations will be at the end of May in Bali.
Those are the things we should be thinking about when we are in Rome on 10 June, and that is why I ask for action and not just statements.
The objective of the millennium is to halve poverty by 2015, not to protect our farmers, our fishing fleets and our agri-food industries; that is why we will be asking you to support our amendments.
That alone would be highly significant, given the relevance of this procedure to European law, which is why an explanation by the Council and the Commission on the matter, by which I mean on how these decisions are taken, would appear to be in order.
We saw the smoke at the time and now there appears to be a fire, which is why a debate in Parliament is called for, but not before the Council and the Commission have made a statement.
My answer is, because the system we have is wrong, which is why we need to change the system rather than trying to treat the symptoms.
If we have the courage to take responsible decisions, there is hope: hope for sustainable fisheries, for balanced ecosystems, for greater independence for the sector and for economic and social stability in our coastal regions, which is why I call on you to do everything you can for fisheries reform.
That is the main difference, which is why it really has paid off for Member States who have not just complied with the requirements of the current law but have even gone beyond them.
Naturally, the Committee on Legal Affairs also considered measures to maintain confidence and legal certainty, which is why we have proposed improvements to conditions of notice and compensation for dealers and focused on the location clause.
We, Europe's Parliament, are utterly excluded from any control or co-decision, and that is why I will say quite clearly, here and now, that it is a continuing scandal that the Member States' governments refuse to change this.
We are therefore using taxpayers' money very responsibly, and that is why, with an eye to enlargement, we have suggested that direct payments should be made over a period of 10 years, so that on the one hand the fifteen Member States are not overstretched in budget terms and on the other hand so as not to obstruct the restructuring process in the candidate countries.
I scarcely regard that as acceptable, and that is why I repeat that I wish to avoid the reconciliation procedure, but not at any cost!
Without access to environmental information, it is difficult for them to participate, which is why this proposal is so important.
Frankly, and this is why I have put forward this proposal, I think that it is precisely by maintaining strategic coal reserves that we can be more secure and less vulnerable to certain crisis situations.
And they do so, of course, in a way which goes beyond current statutory requirements. ?he incentive for companies to take this action must not of course fly in the face of the rules of the economy, which is why it is vital to make sure everyone is clear and knows that when companies implement social responsibility programmes, they improve both their profits and their consumer acceptance.
It is my impression - and this is why I voted for the report - that, when everyone sees and knows what we are doing, perhaps we behave better, more honestly, more sincerely.
Balance, as you know, is a gift of the elderly and pensioners, and this is why I was delighted to vote for this balanced report drafted by Mr Podestà, who I feel deserves, precisely because of this balance, to become - and I hope he will - the future President of the European Parliament because, as we know, balance is the most important virtue of the president of a parliament.
I feel - and this is why I have taken the floor - that we must ensure that Bulgaria and the Bulgarian people do not see these negotiations as a threat to themselves or to their desire to accede to the European Union as soon as possible.
But we can work at it, and that is why what we are debating here at the moment is as important as changes to the offside rule in football.
The rapporteur is therefore right to see this as a proposal of huge political significance, which is why her position deserves the backing of a large majority.
I would like to highlight two or three of them: firstly, the development of an integrating labour market and the promotion of employment as a right and opportunity for all, a measure which sometimes means having to take decisions which, as is happening in Spain, may be opposed by some; that is why social dialogue is so important, but it must be proper social dialogue involving reciprocal concessions, dialogue in the true sense of the word.
Quality and safety are the watchwords, that is why in principle I support voluntary donation.
The framework decision nonetheless has scope for the Council to add other types of crime at a later stage, which is why I voted against Amendments Nos 11, 12 and 18.
Social integration is an important aspect of the fight against poverty and social exclusion, which is why we are of course in favour of it.
The Commission shares the honourable Member's views concerning the importance of transparency and credibility, which is why the committee's opinions are immediately published on the website of the Commission's Directorate-General for Health and Consumer Protection, together with other relevant information on this issue.
And I have to reiterate this is the advice that we have been given and that is why we have followed it closely on this issue.
I am aware of the problems, the trouble and the annoyance caused to communities living next to major road transport arteries and this is why we are looking at how we can improve the quality of this traffic.
We must not overlook the importance of this information and awareness raising, because we all know that we have progressive legislation and policies in our countries, but they are not applied, which is why we have the effect of discrimination against women in the workplace.
I think that the Marie Curie fellowships will help here, which is why we are calling for the Commission to monitor mobility, so that the European Parliament has reliable statistics over coming years.
Dialogue implies a two-way relationship and should allow European research to understand the needs of our citizens and to respond to social demands, which is why we insisted that social sciences and human sciences take priority.
Unless we act as a European Union, and we are hardly even perceived as a European Union in America; unless we strengthen the European Union, then we shall lose more and more clout internationally, which is why our objective must be to strengthen the European Community.
Both sides clearly have a responsibility to defuse the conflict, which is why I welcome the measures taken over the past few days by India, which has decided to lift the ban on Pakistani aeroplanes using Indian airspace, appoint a high commissioner for Islamabad and order its warships back to port.
Mr President, honourable Members, the new version of the financial regulation is one of the largest and most comprehensive pieces of legislation during this parliamentary term, which is why I should like to thank you on the Commission's behalf for the excellent collaboration which we have enjoyed with the European Parliament and the Council and, most importantly, with the two committees, the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Budgetary Control.
The Mastorakis report is a considerable improvement on the Commission's initial proposal, which is why I shall vote in favour of it.
The Inglewood motion for a resolution contains mainly technical arrangements concerning the justification of amendments which rationalise how we work, which is why the GUE/NGL Group will vote in favour of it.
We know that from our own political experience, which is why the Commission started a communication initiative, with the support of the European Parliament, for the Member States and the candidate countries alike, an implementation report on which will be presented to the European Council in Seville.
Recent surveys have shown that there is still an information deficit on enlargement, which is why I urgently call on you to engage in conversation with our citizens, to answer their questions and allay their fears wherever this has still not been done.
It serves no useful purpose to inflame tensions on this issue, which is why my group has tabled amendments to Mr Brok's report to seek to lower the temperature of the debate.
It is particularly difficult for small and medium enterprises in the trades and service sectors, which is why, in my report, I have focussed especially on support for SMEs in the border regions.
Equality of the sexes is a fundamental and integral part of economic, social and democratic development, which is why it must act as a guideline in the development and accession process.
This also means, therefore, that it is an integral process in which others in society will also need to play a role, and this is why I am pleased with this contribution to establishing a safer and integral traffic policy to which consumers too can make a contribution.
Of course, with it being a compromise, we are not overly excited about the result but, when all is said and done, it takes account of our group's concerns, which is why we voted for it in committee and shall do so in Plenary.
The plenary has also adopted amendments that improve the Commission's proposal, which we have supported, so neither can we reject those improvements which, although they are inadequate, do, however, prevent us from voting against the report, which is why we have abstained in the final vote on it.
Only a framework directive can guarantee the effective protection of pedestrians in the EU and this is why we are abstaining on the report that has now been approved and which insists on this voluntary agreement.
But like Mr Savary I believe - and this is why I have presented this modified proposal and have continued to insist - that we have to seek a midpoint which will clearly not satisfy anybody, but which may provide a balance which reasonably takes account of the different interests involved.
This ridiculous way of yours of ignoring reality is unforgivable in politics and that is why more Euro-scepticism or even outright hostility to the European Union reflect your presidency's poor schedule.
To allow traceability and transparency to fail would be to trample consumers' rights underfoot, which is why I call on the PPE-DE group in particular to relinquish its blocking stance, to take the consumers' side at long last and to stop treating them like children.
These credits are valued by banks in a different way from short-term credits and this is why the whole issue of small and medium-sized enterprises enters into the Basle discussion.
As far as MGP targets are concerned, Ireland has already exceeded capacity targets in its pelagical segment, which is why the Commission instituted infringement proceedings against it.
But the Atlantic Dawn has been properly registered, which is why proceedings against the Atlantic Dawn have been suspended.
And another very important point for me: I do not like the idea of incalculable liability risks for companies, which is why practicable limit values are essential.
No hazard study had been carried out in the building in which the explosion occurred. Nor had any reassessment been made - since 1995 - of the ammonium nitrates produced and stored, which is why, without calling into question the excellent provisions regarding risk assessment already laid down in Seveso II, I am in favour of making the obligations to be met by the operator more stringent.
Turning to the safety report, and, more broadly, to another crucial aspect of this revision, the control of urban sprawl around industrial sites, I see that Member States have methods of calculating hazard limits which are very different, and in some cases contradictory, and that is why we welcome the vote in committee to adopt Amendment No 20, which seeks to implement, eventually, a single European method of calculation.
We must offer a networked policy here, which is why the European Parliament and the Commission also have work to do.
We will not stand for this any longer, which is why I hope that there will be a large majority in favour of Mrs Van Lancker's report tomorrow.
Unfortunately, the message to come out of the report is not the message which the Europe People's Party thinks the European Parliament should send out, which is why we shall not be voting in favour of the report.
It is sad, but this is still the situation in Portugal, and this is why it so important for us Portuguese to see this report approved and to feel the solidarity of Europe on such a sensitive issue.
Unfortunately that has not happened, and that is why I shall be voting against this report.
I believe this document is very important - which is why I voted for it - but I must point out that I think it is even more important that the European Union should make an effort to keep the scientists themselves in Europe.
The limitations of this approach soon became evident, which is why, after several informal trialogues, the decision was taken to assign liability to participants for their respective portions of the Community funds.
A large majority in the Committee on Legal Affairs agreed with this approach, which is why we should adopt it unanimously.
Problems have arisen in practice, as has the question of international jurisdiction and applicable law, which is why jurisdiction clauses referring to offshore jurisdictions or simply to jurisdictions other than in the place in which the property is situated should be banned, as should clauses referring to the law of a third country.
Our decision must come down on the side of consumers, of tourism, of leisure activities, of the opportunity of holidays for all and of respect for responsible and honest promoters and this is why I wish to congratulate the rapporteur, Manuel Medina Ortega, whose text clearly exposes the shortcomings that need to be overcome in a future legislative text.
This relationship of accountability between the Commission and Parliament has yet to be established, which is why we find it difficult to leave the further development of legal provisions entirely to the Commission without any scrutiny or control, and have therefore proposed the deletion of this article.
I have one political comment. I think this is a very important and very hard-hitting directive, which is why we are making every effort to ensure the text is as well processed and substantiated as possible, so that it will help the debate move in the right direction right from the start.
Mr President, it is clear from what Mr Schmid and the other honourable Members have said that women, the regions and small and medium-sized enterprises will be the forces in the ascendant this century, which is why the Employment Strategy needs to take very serious account of these three factors.
The Commission's report shows that the task of ensuring that the Conventions are complied with is one which the ILO does not have the ability to implement, and that is why it has to be asked what it is we ourselves can do.
The International Labour Organisation is talking in terms of one billion unemployed in the world and we unfortunately appear to have turned not just into a market economy but into a market society, which is why we urgently need to promote policies which will transform globalisation into a source of prosperity and greater equality rather than a threat to social development and world peace.
This set of issues is sufficiently and appropriately developed in the Joint Resolution that has just been approved, despite the fact that it is a compromise text, which is why I supported the motion and voted for it.
It is an historical fact that the rights of the working classes have been acquired with blood, sweat and tears and not as charity from the bourgeoisie, which is why the Communist Party of Greece believes that labour standards will be improved through the struggle of the working classes and international solidarity.
Only if the rule of law is restored will there be any chance of changing the situation and resolving the pressing problems in Zimbabwe, which is why I should like to highlight the action we are taking to find a political settlement to the crisis, to contain the violence and support democracy.
We are also talking about Central and Eastern Europe and that is why I wonder whether we should not pause for a little thought before we push too far ahead with a radical revision of this proposal.
We in Parliament must guarantee that the Member States comply with this and this is why, Commissioner, my amendments go further.
The problem with the Commission proposal is - and this is why amendments have been tabled in a number of committees - that it remains non-mandatory up to a certain point, because there is only a tenuous link between noise pollution on the one hand and levies on the other.
These EU-wide standards may offer personnel a minimum of guarantees and that is why we did not vote against the report.
The report seeks, therefore, to reconcile the global principle of the positive aspect of trade liberalisation with the need to force multinational companies to adhere to the same types of regulatory, stabilising, and legitimising functions that are binding at national level, which is why I have voted in favour of the report.
I also believe - which is why, of course, we are lobbying here for increased support - that help from the European Union should be in proportion to the damage.
There is no need to define this disaster; it has already taken place, which is why the European Parliament is calling for emergency aid of EUR 1 billion for the flood area.
There is still a chance that we shall achieve our objective of political solution before accession, which is why the European Council has called on the leaders of both ethnic groups to step up the talks.
Mr President, as the honourable Member knows, meeting the Copenhagen political criteria is the sine qua non not just for concluding but even for starting accession negotiations, which is why no country can join the European Union unless it meets all the political criteria.
We cannot say that all the deficits have already been rectified, which is why the Commission will of course continue to monitor developments closely in this area and will include an up-to-date appraisal of the situation in the report which I have already mentioned and which is due to be published in October 2002.
Even the neighbouring states of Bulgaria and Romania do not need visas, despite massive security problems, which is why this would be an important message for this country.
They leave cyclical changes out of account, which is why medium-term objectives are much more significant and help governments to focus their efforts and apply specific objectives.
Mr President, Commissioners, every businessman agrees that, if we are to have a real single market, we need to remove all the remaining obstacles, which is why the initiative for this proposal for a Commission regulation is welcome, but the text of it is not, at least not in its entirety.
We have to put a stop to this, which is why I and my honourable friends in our group welcome in principle the Commission proposal to help out here.
The information requirements in the proposal offer a high level of consumer protection, which is why the Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 41 and 50, which would undermine the level of consumer protection.
Those articles are very important in rechanneling back to the objectives of social policy, and that is why we must avoid any misunderstanding.
That project was very successful, which is why I see it as so important that the projects can be continued and further refined.
Apart from its financial dimension - it must be said that the money is minimal compared with the size of the problem - the DAPHNE programme is of great political value, which is why it must continue beyond 2003, hopefully with a larger budget.
Around two-thirds of the new jobs which it is estimated will be created between 2002 and 2010 will be filled by women, which is why I was especially pleased, Commissioner, with your communication a short while ago about the new initiatives which you have taken on behalf of the Commission to coordinate economic policy and employment policy.
The social agenda concerns precisely those questions that people consider to be important - the fight against poverty, together with increased employment and a more just society - and that is why the social agenda is important.
Likewise, the report throws its weight behind labour market 'flexibility', which may further dismantle the employment rights of workers, which is why I am unable to vote in favour of it.
This process is far from easy, and this is why it is important for that country to receive our support.
Indonesia is vulnerable in this transitional phase to democracy, and this is why the Indonesian government deserves extra support from the European Union.
I do understand the fact that Mrs Astrid Thors is losing patience: we in the Presidency and the Council are as well, which is why we have taken every opportunity to exert pressure.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, if you think that education is too expensive, 'try ignorance!' as Abraham Lincoln said, and this is why I welcome the report by Mrs Van Brempt and the truth and relevance of the ideas she has just put forward.
Nevertheless, we welcome - which is why we have voted in favour of this point - the approval of the request for a detailed investigation, under the auspices of the United Nations, of the allegations of massacres and war crimes, which our group has condemned on more than one occasion, specifically by inviting the film-maker Jamie Doran to show his film in the European Parliament on 12 June.
We need to tell fundamentalists the world over that no tradition or culture can sanction the violation of the rights of half of mankind, which is why we are calling here and now for Amina Lawal to be released.
This is the role that I hope this Parliament will support, and that is why we have submitted the amendments.
Earlier today, Mr Santini emphasised the situation and the institutional challenge that such an approach presents for Parliament, and that is why I fully understand that the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs hopes that it will be the original text of the Commission proposal that is submitted to the House for a decision.
We are very well aware that food waste can transmit diseases, some of them epidemics, from one animal to another, and that is why it needs the best possible preparation in accordance with the high standards facilitated by technology.
However, this is completely unrelated to safety, and this is why we do not actually need Amendment No 30.
The situation is such that there are no comprehensive alternative testing methods at the moment and that is why we must ensure that there is legal certainty for these six months.
The amendments by the European Parliament Committee on the Environment are on the right track, which is why I support them.
The European Union's new external borders require more funding for cooperation across these borders, which is why we have proposed a number of increases.
Ultimately, just 13% of the projects can be funded, which is why the NGOs must be given direct assistance.
The money may not be flowing into the right channels, but that is why there is a need for reform.
Although we now have more money than under PACT, the challenge is also greater, and that is why we need to ensure that the programme's scope is very precisely delimited.
The open method of coordination has no separate entry in the Treaty; however, it has been a very successful method, which is why we have used it in another two procedures, exclusion and pensions, and we believe that the Intergovernmental Conference will perhaps give us the chance to finalise it and use it more efficiently in other policies.
We really do believe that, with the employment strategy and social dialogue, we can make progress, but Europe cannot push ahead alone if the social partners themselves fail to assume a large part of the responsibility, which is why we also need their initiative here.
In other words, we must create a support structure for environmental protection and this is why it is our primary task to do something about the fight against poverty.
These are principles which Parliament itself has called for and they are included in the Treaties, which is why we are working to make a success of them.
No such amendments have been put forward, which is why the only reasonable thing is for the Commission to come back with new environmental requirements in a subsequent review of this directive.
This was the joint conclusion of the ACP states and the EU when negotiating the Cotonou Agreement, and that is why they agreed to conclude WTO-compatible trading arrangements to progressively remove all barriers to trade between them.
For example, there is no internal market common to both Europe and Africa, which is why there can be no generally free movement of workers either.
Today, and this is why we asked the question, we wanted the Commission to tell us what it can do to help implement the resolutions we passed then.
There is a standard which has already been licensed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute, which is responsible for the standards, namely MHP, which is why Parliament's demand is perfectly clear in the resolution we are voting on today.
Perhaps that is why Mr Poettering is looking a little pale, perhaps it is overwork.
We do not realise that these palaces are basically cities in their own right and that is why all aspects of the UN inspectors' mandate must be adhered to.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the two items on today's agenda, the action plan on mobility and assistance for innovative small and medium-sized enterprises, are instrumental in invigorating the economy, increasing employment and achieving economic and social cohesion in the European Union, especially with enlargement imminent, which is why I welcome the European Commission's initiatives and the input from our rapporteurs.
I agree completely that the social dialogue and the tripartite summit are important, which is why we scheduled these matters for discussion over lunch at yesterday's Council meeting, where it was agreed that we should establish a tripartite social dialogue summit.
This is why a credible sanctions policy should be put in place, this is why we want to absolutely avoid early innovators being disadvantaged and this is why the allocation method should also be the same wherever possible.
We will achieve no positive outcome on a worldwide basis, and that is why we are in favour not only of fair conditions, but also of letting the instruments compete until the Kyoto Protocol takes effect.
There is nothing to be gained from auctions; we have been shown that by our bitter experiences in the past, from the trade in banana licences to the auctioning of UMTS licences, and that is why it matters that this instrument should be granted free of charge.
We must, however, be credible here at home too, and that is why we have set up the European Climate Change Programme.
This is the original sin of the Stability and Growth Pact and this is why more and more voices are calling for it to be amended.
This seems to me to be the thrust of the Duff Report, which is why we will be endorsing it.
Even a full application of the Geneva Convention does not meet all protection needs and that is why many Member States have additional categories.
This was not the subject of this debate, which is why I did not refer to our actions in this field, but was taking them for granted.
The 2003 budget, however, is an initial response to this need, and that is why it is historic.
Fourthly and more importantly, we were very concerned about the reform agenda within the Commission and that is why I draw the attention of Members across all the parties to the amendments to the Färm Report, especially in relation to Commission reform.
We are entering new territory here and that is why learning is also the order of the day.
This is of crucial importance, and this is why tougher legislation will be needed in this area in due course.
. (PT) The disturbing rates of accidents at work of self-employed people and the need to ensure the right to working conditions which respect health, safety and dignity required precisely this approach, which is why I have supported the excellent report by Mr Pérez Álvarez.
The Charter states that the rights of elderly people are to be respected by Europe, and that is why pensioners and elderly people throughout Europe are waiting impatiently for the Charter to become the Constitution of the European Union.
It is unthinkable that the European Union should draw up a constitution without first drawing up a bill of rights, which is why the Charter of Fundamental Rights should be given constitutional status and incorporated into the European Union's constitutional texts by revising the Treaties of the European Union before new members join.
Air prices have fallen in recent years and that is why the argument that we should set compensation very high, so as to take account of recent cost increases, is clearly flawed, because air prices have fallen.
That amounts to institutionalised indecisiveness, and that is why we need to say at this juncture: this is an overall package and we want results so that we can move forward.
We must also remember that Kyoto is, of course, just the first step, which is why we reiterate quite clearly in our resolution that all citizens must end up with the same rights, which basically means that per capita emissions should be the same the world over.
The lower the threshold value for the adventitious presence of GMOs is set, the more conventional and organic products will have to be labelled, which is why the Commission, various Member States and a large majority in the European Parliament are calling for a realistic limit value of 1% in the forthcoming GMO regulations.
You know that, which is why I should now like to ask you to tell us what conclusions you intend to draw from this vote by Parliament.
We do not need more unilateralism in response to 11 September; we need to strengthen the rule of law throughout the world, which is why we are calling for fast, undiluted ratification of the Rome Statute.
However, present circumstances alone give me no cause whatsoever for any such belief, which is why we must raise our voices, at any rate here in Parliament.
As parliamentary representatives, we are free from diplomatic constraints when it comes to demanding this universal principle, which is why we say loud and clear to any country concerned that we reject the death penalty in general.
Mr President, Commissioner, unfortunately what Mr van den Bos is saying is not presented clearly in this joint motion for a resolution and that is why we have not signed it.
In other words, one of the aspects is precisely to prevent - and this is why safety measures are taken - these situations of ionisation.
Advertising does have an influence in promoting smoking; that is why all Member States in Europe have rules which restrict or ban tobacco advertising in some shape or form.
We know that smoking has harmful effects such as these, and this is why we should simply introduce a complete ban on this advertising.
If the accession of a candidate country has no support base among its population, God only knows what could happen, and this is why the process should be very carefully monitored in the case of Turkey too.
I am open to the wish that Turkey should be given a positive sign, and that is why I warmly support the paragraph tabled by the Socialists on enlargement and cooperation in various sectors.
However, for the time being, the debate is merely about geographically extending rather than deepening the Union, which is why we actually want the Union.
This is a question that we could ask, like many others, and that is why I believe that we must assess the Copenhagen criteria with a degree of indulgence and throw the doors of our Europe wide open.
But we live in hope and that is why we are asking that these steps be taken.
However, I believe that it is important for the European Parliament that the Lithuanians should give their approval to this agreement, which is why we should use the word 'notes'.
The resolution under discussion turns a blind eye to the real dangers and keeps to a general stand on pluralism and freedom of expression and incomprehensible (obviously compromise) proposals on how and if the European Union should legislate in this area, which is why the MEPs of the Community Party of Greece voted against it.
Having said that, I do not in the least intend to give up the widely - and internationally - shared view that human rights are universal, which is why no specific context can justify the death penalty, whether in Pakistan or in the United States.
Secondly, that the deal on applying Lamfalussy committees to the securities market was a strictly temporary measure, which is why there are four-year 'sunset clauses' agreed by the Council in both the prospectus and the market abuse directives.
In addition, the issue concerns an atypical form of work, which is why it is appropriate for us to adopt a directive establishing minimum requirements, especially bearing in mind enlargement.
But what is important politically is that this sector is mushrooming and workers' rights are being distorted left, right and centre, which is why we need to be pro-active and regulate it as quickly as possible within - I repeat - a general framework.
Furthermore, that is why we are following with great interest the discussions taking place on the possible creation of a European banking supervisor.
Many of these aids concern industry, the energy sector, the transport sector or agriculture, which is why the Committee on Industry has issued an opinion on the Herzog report.
Mr President, European competition policy is one of the European Union's central policy instruments and that is why I would very much welcome it if the Commission were to stand alongside Parliament and also include this sector in the codecision procedure.
We cannot accept the application of Islamic law in the institutions, which is why we have to step up pressure on the Sudanese Government to annul it, nor can we accept the severe violations of the fundamental rights of non-Muslims, forced conversions, forced marriages and enslavement.
All the news, both direct and indirect, which comes out of the country shows that, in actual fact, the situation has taken a very dangerous and worrying turn, which is why we are calling on the Commission to take action.
This is an observation with which the Commission concurs, and that is why we will shortly be deciding on appropriate improvements, which we will authorise the Directors-General to carry out.
We have been waiting for a response from the Council since April this year and that is why we believe this oral question is now necessary.
Waters in this zone are important spawning grounds, which is why there has been a derogation from free access in these waters.
Of course they are only estimates, but the majority of Member States see them as an upper limit, which is why I cannot agree with Amendments Nos 3 to 6 and 8.
Certainly there was one done by the UK which established that the costs far outweighed the benefits and perhaps that is why the EU decided not to do one.
In any democracy, the government is elected by parliament, and that is why I also welcome the proposal that here in the EU the Commission and its President should at last be elected by this House and not by the European Council.
This is unacceptable and that is why we rejected the Varela structural assistance report.
I have decided to take State decisions with future generations in mind, and that is why I have paid a very high price.
The very credibility of our work as parliamentarians depends on this and that is why our group tabled a number of amendments designed to restore balance to the report.
As for the report, it reeks of hypocrisy, and that is why we voted against it.
As I pointed out in my introduction, the problem is not just one of raising the retirement age; we also need flanking policies to help older people stay in or, in many cases, enter the labour market, which is why I referred to both the stability pact and the employment strategies.
Mr President, yes it is possible to have such a framework which is why I referred to the proposals now before the Council made by the Commission.
If the money is not available and that is why these FVO missions have been postponed - tell us so.
It was moving to listen to them setting out their priorities: freedom, justice, the rule of law, parliamentary democracy. Of course, we all wish for these, and this is why we are carrying out enlargement.
We are now faced with a disaster of such magnitude that it is no longer just a transport issue, it is also an environmental, social and fishing issue, which is why my group believes a committee of inquiry is needed to ascertain what went wrong with the Prestige.
What we need to do now, however, is to talk more about the future and this is why I would like to address four issues.
We will be told this in the reports of the experts and that is why the PPE-DE Group's proposal is that it should be the Commission that informs the Council and Parliament by means of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism.
All that remains is the issue of the rights of refugees and of persons with subsidiary protection, which is why we can expect the proposal to be adopted by the summer at the latest, as was decided in Seville.
Greece's extensive coastline forms the external border of the European Union with the countries of Asia, countries from which immigrants are now flooding into Europe, which is why it is vital that the Greek Presidency introduce a framework policy to divide obligations and responsibilities fairly between the Member States of the European Union.
Precisely because it understands their value, it is able to display a great passion for social values when it matures, displaying a strength and commitment which are not limited to the quest for results at all costs, and that is why these Members are fully entitled to sit in this Chamber and are worthy representatives of the European Union.
The report measures human rights against this charter, which is why there is not the slightest reference to the slavery introduced with new forms of work and to the decimation and commercialisation of social benefits.
However, we want the railways, and so all of us here need to energetically drive these measures forward, and that is why we need a European railway agency.
This amendment has unfortunately been wrongly translated in the Swedish version, which is why the English version applies.
Greece, both as the country holding the presidency and as a Member State, wants to help with this new process, which is why one of our objectives is to draft a new partnership agreement with Turkey.
This is the crucial challenge, and this is why the Commission and I personally have called strongly for this matter to be taken up, as it must be, at the level of all the European countries, for if our young people are leaving Europe, if the situation is such that our businesses are setting up research laboratories outside Europe, particularly in the United States, I warn you that our horizons will become narrower and narrower, I warn you that, if we go on like this, all will be lost.
Preparations still have to be made so that the new Member States can adjust smoothly to European developments, which is why enlargement has rightly been given priority and will require close attention if we are to avoid irregularities and delays in the accession process.
I also see that the communication - and this is why I am so much in favour of this open method of coordination - states that in those countries in which only a small proportion is financed via private insurance and the bulk via taxes, the best example in the table being Luxembourg, the per capita cost of healthcare is simply considerably lower.
By definition the administration is fragmented, with its members coming as they do from every corner of the country, which is why it is vital for it to consolidate its efforts and speed up the process to rebuild the country.
That is precisely what management needs, and that is why this is the right way to go.
We then had a long period in labour from 4 p.m. in the afternoon until 4 a.m. in the morning, and at the end we gave birth to a programme which will stand the test, which is why we welcome this point on the debate today.
This minority too came into line and that is why we are at the point we are today, in optimistic mode.
Please let me conclude by again saying 'thank you' - that is why I wanted to say a final word.
In particular, I feel that not giving a disability pension to European citizens just because they are over 65, whereas one would be granted before, is discrimination, and that is why I gladly approved this report.
One of our presidency's priorities is to achieve new levels of integration and boost the credibility of Euro-Mediterranean cooperation, which is why we are currently examining the cooperation mechanisms and measures needed in order to create this assembly.
But, the Association Agreement is first and foremost a political agreement, which is why it devotes so much importance to political dialogue.
I think it really is crucial and important to the Lisbon process that we evaluate our policy towards small and medium-sized enterprises, which is why I am asking, Mr President-in-Office, if you have anything new to report.
Mr President, the EBRD is funded by the taxpayer, which is why transparency must be established in respect of its activities.
Indeed, that is why the planned reform of the common fisheries policy turned out to be so limited in scope.
Deep in your conscience, you think that the Americans are also working on behalf of Europe, and that is why, eyes lowered, you will allow them to commit the first great crime against humanity of the twenty-first century.
That would be totally counter-productive and that is why we have tabled several amendments to the draft joint resolution, the most important of which concerns the current wording of Article 3, which some people could interpret that way.
The Old Continent can do a great deal to achieve peace, and this is why the initiatives being taken by the Italian Government at this time deserve our close attention and support too.
If you can answer all these questions in the negative, then you can count yourselves lucky. I fear that you will have to answer them with 'yes', and that is why my government is right to say that what this region needs is more peace, rather than war, of which it has already had enough.
Our aim is to resolve the problem as quickly as possible, which is why yesterday's General Affairs Council discussed recent developments in North Korea and international efforts to alleviate the situation and find a solution, and what preconditions would attach to its sending a high-level Union mission to Pyongyang.
In this regard, the European Union - and this is why I am happy to listen to the Commissioner - is not doing enough, it has to be said; it is going through the motions with the United States, but it is not doing enough: it did not do enough in Doha and it is not doing enough in the proposal on what are known as the modalities for the negotiating round concerning trade in agricultural products, which will follow Doha, maintaining excessively high protection levels and still including tariffs which will be reduced too far in the future.
Curiously and paradoxically, his speech, which was the same at both forums, was characterised by sincerity and truthfulness, and perhaps this is why it was applauded so loudly in Davos, considerably more than Colin Powell when he defended the inevitability of the war against Iraq.
We found that it was reasonable and balanced and that it fulfilled the Doha mandate, and that is why, like the overwhelming majority of the members of the WTO, we were won over by it.
We are therefore seeking an agreement that can go further, given the scope provided by Doha, including the assumption henceforth recognised by all that diseases such as AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis and a whole list of others would be covered as a general principle, and that is why we have suggested involving the WHO, which has undisputed experience in the field of public health.
This contrasts with the situation in other sectors. They are right in what they say and this is why we have introduced a new measure that has been widely commented upon.
The coexistence of the goods and the service components of agriculture is at the root of the difficulties we are up against. This is how we in Europe perceive agriculture and this is why Europe has adopted a balanced position on a number of outcomes.
This is the point, and that is why I am asking the Members of the other groups not to remove the phrase 'irrespective of sex'.
. (EL) The motion to allow European citizens freedom of movement and residence on Community territory is on the right track, which is why I support it.
Geographically speaking, Austria is, after all, a transit country, which is why we suggested excluding from the area the lorries that produce the most pollution.
This is an economic approach which numerous countries need to take; at the same time, however, we cannot increase the retirement age unless there are specific policies and incentives, as you said, for these people to enter the labour market, which is why, at European level at least, one of the main priorities in our Employment Strategy and in our recent review of this strategy has been the over-55s.
This will boost investors' confidence in the markets and foster economic development, employment and prosperity, which is why we are keen to ensure the two relevant action plans, the financial services action plan and the risk capital action plan, progress satisfactorily.
Fortunately, as a society, we are living longer and that is why our governments must plan for the demographic changes for the future.
I sincerely believe that it is vital for our future, which is why I wanted to say it again here, this morning, seriously and forcefully.
We are introducing the European arrest warrant, we are taking measures to harmonise substantive criminal law and we must not ignore the question of guarantees for all those affected by these measures, especially suspects and defendants, which is why we have already included the question of minimum procedural guarantees for suspects and defendants on the agenda of the informal Council due to meet in Greece at the end of March.
Of course, research carried out has not proven 100% that this is what happens, but the results are very convincing, which is why we must be very, very careful.
Apart from directly killing and injuring civilians, explosive remnants of war often hamper humanitarian assistance, peacekeeping forces, reconstruction following conflict and development in general, which is why the Union has taken an active part in the debate on explosive remnants of war within the framework of the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons.
An important part of it has to do with mentality and taking responsibility, which is why I am pleased that the point of view of our group has been given a much better place in the text to be voted on tomorrow and by that I mean that there is more emphasis on the importance of education, information, counselling and personal responsibility and the special role of the family.
As a man, that is why I joined with other men and women in this House to seek extra money this year for the reproductive health programme, in my role as budget rapporteur.
The Commission recognised that the lack of legal rules left the field open for power struggles alone, and that is why we reacted by observing the rules and the law.
It is the result of a compromise between various political forces, and that is why we, at this time, are rejecting the proposals for split votes on some aspects of the resolution tabled by Mr Ribeiro e Castro, even though we do in fact support his amendment about acknowledging the situation of immigrants.
I know and I am well aware that the restricted classification under which this text was sent to you does not fully satisfy you, or in any case some of you, and that is why we have done our best to contribute to an informed parliamentary debate.
Our focus is on proper staff training, which is why I think that port workers' current demands on the question of self-handling are somewhat exaggerated.
This line was partially adjusted in committee and the result is more balanced, and that is why, as has been said, we do not support the amendments.
However, there should be some checks and balances on the Executive Board, which is why we propose that the Governing Council should be able to overturn decisions of the Executive Board by a two-thirds majority.
And we say 'yes' to the Stability Pact because it provides an ordered framework, and that is why we also say 'no' to the golden rules, because they undermine the Stability Pact and we would thereby be stabbing the Commission, the guardian of the Treaties, in the back and betraying the Stability and Growth objectives.
It is therefore clear that the fundamental objective of the pact is political, and this is why we are also unhappy about the proposals that have been put forward here, specifically by the Commission.
Fortunately, that is not the case in this compromise, or, for that matter, in the proposals beforehand, which is why I think that the compromise on biometric risks is very fortunate.
It must be possible to prevent things of this kind and so that is why the compromise is exceptionally good.
That is why we took the initiative of ongoing cooperation, conferences and meetings with the Arab world, that is why the Arab League will be making representations to Saddam Hussein over the next few days, in order to send out an important, clear message.
These various amendments have not been taken up in the common position adopted by the Council, and this is why I am voting in favour of Amendment No 7 tabled by the competent committee.
That is why it betrays a lack of thought for the Council to believe that it can dispense with Parliament's formal involvement when intergovernmental military operations of this sort are mounted, and that is why we demand that we be involved and informed at an early stage, and in a completely transparent way.
The interpretation referred to Questions Nos 1 to 3, which is why I asked to speak.
First of all we need to recognise how difficult it is to make policies specific to women, which is why Parliament has a Committee on Women's Rights, and, at the same time, ensuring that those policies have transverse effects across all committees and in all political issues.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market we believe that these are often two sides of the same coin and this is why we are asking for a thorough impact study of both business-to-business relations and business-to-consumer relations.
Dishonest traders must therefore be tackled forcefully, which is why it is good that the choice has been made to adopt a European approach to tackling undesirable commercial practices.
That is what this conflict is about and that is why, politically, I want, in common with the Dutch Government, to support those countries which last night began this action to disarm Iraq.
The war in Iraq, which we have to deal with, is part of that challenge, which is why we cannot merely welcome or condemn it.
National chauvinism is extremely powerful, which is why we have a political duty to continue to strengthen the role of the European Union, thereby helping at European and global level to consolidate the process of peace, cooperation and progress.
Nobody is in any doubt about my position on the Iraq issue, and that is why I tell our American friends that the European Union is also in the American interest.
What really matters now, however, is its implementation, and that is why my group - and I am pleased to see that this has also been adopted by other groups - has proposed compiling a roadmap in which the European Commission sets out in more detail what steps need to be taken in order to achieve the Lisbon targets by 2010.
I believe, ladies and gentlemen, that this is one of the main messages of the efforts made in Brussels; that despite the adversities, despite the difficulties, we have a great deal in common, a great deal in common, which we cannot put to one side, which is why, especially in these difficult times, we need to try and express what we have in common and move forward together.
This is the challenge which the Spring European Council tried to keep sight of and this is why President Prodi also reminded us of the burden of war on Europe's economic revival.
Anything beyond that opens the door to massive complications and serious constitutional implications - which is why Paragraph 4, which calls for a judicial area to be set up, is nonsense.
The speed at which the epidemic is spreading proves how important it is for every case to be reported at once, which is why I believe that the European Commission should exhaust every means at its disposal to persuade third countries to inform all the competent agencies at once and cooperate efficiently, regardless of whether or not they have signed a cooperation agreement with the World Health Organisation.
They are worrying especially for a transit country like Germany, and that is why we need to be certain that drivers know what they are doing, to be certain that they are continuing their training, that that training is tested, and that road traffic generally is better controlled at national level.
A large number of jobs in services and industry now call for employees to possess all-round ICT skills, and that is why a programme such as eLearning is essential to achieve the overall objective of the 2000 Lisbon Summit, of making Europe the most competitive knowledge-based economy by 2010.
Drugs are, indeed, a problem threatening citizens' health, security and quality of life, and that is why the European Parliament has committed itself to finding an effective solution to the drugs problem, which is a problem common to all countries and all social groups.
This system of trade preferences cannot go on forever; it has to have a time limit, which is why we have the graduation mechanism. This enables limits to be imposed, based on the fact that only some sectors need the GSP.
What this means for the new Member States is clear. It means that only a strong common foreign policy can protect them from such conflicts, and that is why they are all in favour of such a combined approach.
Perhaps this is why, at one point in his report on the conclusions on enlargement Elmar Brok says that accession is not an end in itself, but rather a starting-point for new efforts to be made.
We have sent messages of support and encouragement and occasional warnings, but we have always been consistent and determined, and that is why the citizens of the candidate countries have viewed the European Parliament as a credible assembly which is seeking to reintegrate the part of Europe which had been cut off so that justice is done.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the stands which have been taken are the best possible expression of the historic importance of this moment, which is why I do not think there is any need for me to add a single word to what everyone has said about enlargement and how important it is.
To tell the truth, the ESDP mechanism was not designed from the start to cope with horizontal and irrational threats such as terrorism or the spread of weapons of mass destruction, which is why the mechanism needs to be carefully and gradually adapted to the present security environment.
In this respect, it is also especially important to develop the rapid reaction force, which is why this issue was already included in the basic priorities in the field of the military aspect of the ESDP by the Spanish Presidency.
Within this framework, we need to cultivate and promote a common perception of security, which is why the creation of a system of common political and military training for crisis management is of especial interest to the presidency and we are already working on this.
As I said earlier, ladies and gentlemen, these are both points noted in the Morillon report and aims of the presidency and that is why we are making an effort to promote them.
However, we are well aware that such a text could not fail to mention ethical principles, and that is why a large part of the debate has centred on those issues.
Therefore I see little point at the moment in bringing that up and that is why I hope this Parliament will endorse my amendments while agreeing with the principle stated by Mrs Auroi that we must be aware of the situation with contamination of GMOs.
The polluter-pays principle is the guiding principle behind this whole proposal, and that is why it is quoted in the first article.
The Commission is well aware of the situation and this is why we have always supported the attempt to raise the funds available up to EUR 1 billion.
Mr Sacconi, that is why I am asking everyone to approve the amendment that I have submitted on behalf of my group.
Those working in this sector are beginning to realise that they cannot wait for answers from the ?U, its policies and the international imperialist agreements being proposed, which is why they are joining forces and fighting for a different, anti-monopolistic, and anti-imperialist policy.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I should like to thank you for your report from the Council and I am well aware that messengers, or bringers of bad news, should not be shot, which is why that is far from my mind.
The role of the World Health Organisation is fundamental, which is why cooperation between the WHO, the European Commission and the Member States has been effective.
I recommend that the search for them should be continued, as that was the basis for intervention, and its political credibility is dependent on that, which is why we need to take that question very seriously indeed.
Arafat is also a force in Palestine that we need to win over to this peace process, and that is why discussions with him are also both necessary and justified.
Certain Member States are still in the process of consulting their national parliaments, which is why the Council decided at its meeting last week to facilitate the completion of the information process.
In addition, the draft extradition agreement expressly recognises that constitutional principles may obstruct extradition, which is why the agreement makes provision for a specific consultation mechanism.
They have suffered very diverse, tragic situations, and that is why it is still important today to find common ground and points of active cooperation between us.
Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union allows any European state the opportunity of joining the Union, which is why accession has already been ruled out for the non-European Mediterranean partners.
The truth is that I would like it if Mr Ortuondo Larrea did not always bring up national concerns in this Parliament and if he could make contributions to European integration, which is why I believe we are all here.
That much we know, and that is why it would be impossible to justify banning the marketing of products derived from animals vaccinated in the course of an outbreak.
We took the view that the mass culling of healthy stock is not acceptable in future, which is why we fully support the conclusions of the report that prophylactic vaccination must be used.
The focus of the Commission's policies is always profit and not people and this is why it is so insistent in calling for a flexible, mobile and cheap labour force, without rights, which can be used whenever, wherever and however employers wish, thereby supporting job instability over employment, and demonstrating total disregard for working people.
That is not, unfortunately, the perspective from which these guidelines have been written, and that is why I shall not be able to vote in favour of this report.
The eight are concerned not for the poor and how they live, but with how to stop them rising up against them, against miserable exploitation and injustice, which is why they also took harsher repressive measures, preventing thousands of protestors from coming to express their opposition to the globalisation of capital and their predatory exploitation.
For the time being then it is the multilateral approach that is our number one priority, and that is why we have postponed any decision to launch new negotiations on free trade areas until the round that we began in Doha is completed.
On the political points, and in particular the link between this type of programme and improving the situation in terms of political reform, we agree that we need to continue our efforts along the lines that he has just indicated, and that is why the Commission has just adopted a communication that seeks to give fresh impetus to the work being done in the field of human rights and democratisation in cooperation with our Mediterranean partners.
Consequently, although I broadly agree, I feel that more prudent and gradualist guidelines needed to be defined and this is why I was inclining towards abstaining from the final vote.
I am not convinced that the system would thereby, and automatically, be made more just, but I do understand that we, as a matter of necessity, have to give special consideration to cohesion; that is why we have included an element of cohesion in the choice of the allocation key of the additional rural development resources that will be available in future, and that must be retained.
We wanted the policy directions to be clear to all and that is why we have given the Cunha report a clear introduction.
I have noted with particular interest your accurate proposals on the repercussions of full decoupling, especially on small and medium-sized holdings, together of course with the repercussions which full decoupling may have on holdings in remote and disadvantaged areas, which is why I think that the Council will show particular interest in these proposals.
They are calling for the money paid by European taxpayers to be put to good use, as regards the development of farm holdings, the production of quality products, healthy products for European citizens and of course for our customers, and that is why we want payment procedures to be as simple as possible.
He too needs to have Parliament's approval and confidence, and that is why we want him to be linked into the Commission as a whole, which will then have to be approved by us.
Europe is not suited to adopting the constitution of a super-State and that is why the Convention is currently encountering so many difficulties.
They are in Europe, which is why it is very important for the European Union to treat this fragile region with care.
I agree that Galileo also has a political dimension, which is why it has also been promoted by the Council.
This is of key importance and this is why this authorisation is so important.
Mrs Smet has submitted a request to this effect and this is why I believe that we should all give our unqualified support to the solution presented in this report.
There is also no budget line which could fund such a unit, and that is why I will reject Article 5 in tomorrow's vote.
That means that what was started in the 1990s with the breast screening programmes now requires further completion, and that is why we stand together.
As already mentioned, then, the disease is one of the main causes of death for women between the ages of 35 and 55, which is why it is essential to define early detection and overall care of patients as European priorities.
We have set out to increase food safety in the EU and with these measures you are going to achieve exactly the opposite, which is why we have to reject them.
And that is why it is a question of increasing not just confidence, but legitimate confidence.
Mr Schnellhardt's education makes him an expert, which is why his reports are extremely sound and often, perhaps, even a little too technical for the layman.
Finally, the farm budget has been set up until 2013, which is why the budget-policy constraints that we are always hearing about are not present to the extent that is repeatedly asserted by the Commission and even here in Parliament.
We call for a fair redistribution of quotas, on the basis of population criteria, consumption requirements and production potential, which is why we shall vote against the reports, which move in a diametrically opposed direction.
The European Union needs a seamless approach, which is why the High Representative and I - with our respective services - have worked so closely together, and why I am pleased that the European Convention has proposed even closer integration in future.
The second point in relation to all this is that we have to put our relations on a broader basis, one that has to do with more than security policy and the military, and that is why we need again to seize the initiative and have the sort of discussions that we had at the beginning of the 1990s, which I might perhaps sum up under the heading of 'transatlantic market place' in order, on this basis, to put something in place in many of the areas in which the European Union is competent.
That is one reason why I am sure that by far most of our committee can live with the fact that this compromise takes no account of a number of our important points; this is, though, a parliament and not a meeting of diplomats, and that is why a certain number of things remain to be said.
I am in favour of clear transparent rules, but I am not in favour of aid for European parties, and that is why I also reject this proposal.
However, as rapporteur, I feel it is unnecessary to include the list of training measures in the notification provided for in Article 6 of the directive, which is why I would urge you to vote against Amendment No 3, as at first reading.
We still do not have a solution on that and that is why we maintain the amendments and insist they are placed in the common position.
In our case, however, we are not taking into account - or someone, in Mr Musotto's case, has not taken into account, and that is why I am pointing it out, Mr President - the fact that the immunity granted to the European Parliament - not to its Members but to Parliament itself - is, in any case, completely independent of national arrangements.
To our great sorrow, we find that the Council's common position has not accepted many of our amendments, which is why we need to continue our fight and stand firm by our initial positions.
The Commissioner and his services have consistently given far too negative an interpretation of ECJ jurisprudence on this point and that is why we have such clear difficulties emerging in our debate here over applying environmental and social considerations.
We consider that you are pivotal to promoting European integration and defending the Union's interests, which is why we aspire to close cooperation with you.
It is a problem that needs to be resolved above all in the countries of the Mediterranean and in North Africa, and that is why we need European Union assistance for these countries, and these countries have to reform so that the young people in them have a genuine future and do not put their lives in danger by setting off on their travels.
This way of seeing ourselves is however not yet a reality but still a dream, and that is why I propose that we do not move on to the agenda but have a more in-depth round of communication, information and social dialogue about the results of the last six months.
The Convention itself fostered this and that is why I think that a public opinion poll on the result of the Intergovernmental Conference would call for regions, nations and members of the public to be directly involved.
Mr Giscard d'Estaing said that the third chapter needs to be brought into line with the two previous chapters, that the method of expression or form of the third chapter are a method of expression and a form that need correction, which is why it was decided to extend the Convention, so that the work could continue within the framework of what had been agreed, on the basis of what had been agreed, and the third chapter could be brought into line with the previous chapters.
Similarly, as far as readmission agreements are concerned, I would like to point out, because it was said that Turkey has a readmission agreement with the Union, that it has no readmission agreement with the Union, which is why we said that the Union needs to conclude readmission agreements.
We wanted prospects for Europe, which is why we worked for the Constitution and the security policy.
Similarly, as far as the question of mixed crops is concerned, I would like to emphasise that we are talking here of foods and feed, which is why we call on the European Commission to develop guidelines for the coexistence of genetically modified and conventional crops.
The precautionary principle relates to risk assessment which is why it appears in Directive 2001/18/EC and the proposal on GM food and feed.
Any concession on this position cannot but be at the expense of farming, the equilibrium of the ecosystem and consumer health, which is why we shall abstain from the vote.
Latin American integration is one of the European Union's political priorities and this is why we initially felt that we should negotiate with Mercosur as a whole.
We have always maintained this position, and this is why we proposed, at the beginning of the year, to call on the World Health Organisation to re-establish confidence and to find a way out of the current impasse.
We believe that the Council must fulfil the commitments which were established for the financing of this scrapping fund, not only in 2003, but also in 2004, and that is why we are proposing amendments to the Färm report and also the Mulder report, although we know that they will possibly not be accepted by some of the groups in this House.
Fusion is part of it, which is why construction of ITER should begin as a matter of urgency.
Europe is weak in a military sense, and this is why it is said that we pay particular attention to such things as the international legal order.
The Americans are strong in military terms, which is why they can manage without this concern for the international legal order and can rely on power politics.
The Council, however, has no need to embellish reality, which is why there are differences in formulation.
The Council then proceeded to adopt a common position which, to some degree, takes account of the position of the European Parliament, which is why, at second reading, as the rapporteur rightly said, we are concentrating on three essential issues: first, the right to claim compensation, not only by the operating air carrier towards the tour operators or other person, but also, similarly, by anyone who has incurred expenses or suffered losses towards the operating air carrier; secondly, the deadline for notifying passengers and, thirdly, the issue of frequent flyer programmes.
The report essentially accepts the supplementary and unequal role of women farmers in agricultural activity, as well as the effort to remove women in rural areas from agricultural employment, which is why they are being guided to similar activities.
I have the particularly sad experience of my own country, where new projects have very serious levels of poor workmanship, which is why they are dangerous and cannot always be used safely.
Unfortunately it appears that, at a time when the death of our farming is pre-ordained - this is why all farming unions condemn the CAP reform that will come into force in 2005 - the wishes of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities will remain pious hopes.
My second comment concerns Objective 2, which will obviously have to be simplified so that actions have greater visibility and better results for citizens, which is why we prefer a new Objective 2 with thematic actions.
It is conveyed clearly in the Mastorakis report as it stands, which is why we will of course be voting in favour of it.
They need legal certainty in their air service agreements with the countries of the world, and that is why we cannot terminate everything and say that we will stay in a state of flux.
I think that from an economic point of view this is the most important agreement for all of our airlines, whether it be Air France, British Airways or Lufthansa, which is why we need to find a reasonable settlement, and it is also of great significance for competition between them.
There can be no doubt of the need to carry out more accurate assessments of the risks involved in the granting of loans by banks, which is why adopting a new agreement (Basel II) is important.
(EL) The enlargement of the European Union is creating a new actuality in the regional policy of the Union, which is why there is a need, among other things, to:
The Commission has assured us that those problems cannot all be solved within the Regulation and this is why we have shifted a number of amendments from the articles to the recitals.
The EU is to be enlarged by ten new Member States, which is why an increase in the budget is necessary.
This is a complete denial of fundamental rights and freedoms, in other words of everything that makes human life dignified, which is why my political group believes, given the size of and rapid increase in the problem over recent years, that a significant increase in the budget is needed, because the programme is the only source of funding for the agencies involved in this issue.
We acknowledge that this programme must be accepted to be a priority and this is why we ourselves proposed that its funding be more than doubled in comparison to the DAPHNE I Programme; we believe that EUR 50 million will enable us to manage the programme properly and carefully but we understand the differences of opinion that exist in the House on this matter.
This idea of more democracy is reflected in the Constitution. Also the idea of more efficiency - and that is why we have modified the institutional system.
Capitalism needs hoards of unemployed, which is why the objective of full employment is a total misnomer.
That, alas, is too expensive, which is why Great Britain is currently reviewing its position.
If they are to do that, I believe, they will have to have a definite prospect of taking their destiny into their own hands in the very near future; that is why we have to set very tight deadlines in the expectation that a constituent assembly will be elected in Iraq, perhaps by the end of this year, giving the Iraqis a sense of working together with us on these matters.
That is why the Presidency has said and continues to say that we need a UN mandate; that is why, because Europe currently feels the need to reinvigorate UN action but, at the same time, wants the United Nations to be more effective, more capable of taking decisions and shouldering responsibilities than it was during the eventful weeks preceding military action.
I think that we should emulate this approach where human rights violations within the European Union are concerned, and this is why my group will be giving Mr Sylla's report its unqualified support.
They are an economic commodity, which is why they are linked to the issue of competition, to the knowledge society being promoted by the Lisbon policy.
Some of those countries, such as Somalia, Jamaica and Dominica, are among the world's poorest, which is why they need our help.
This is very sad and this is why we specifically refer to that problem as one of the elements in the broader topic of the untying of aid.
This is the message that I would like to make extremely clear, and this is why I do not believe that the amendments tabled by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party are appropriate.
The Committee on Petitions would very keenly wish to respect and observe the Rules of the House and that is why our Chairman, Mr Gemelli, took careful legal advice.
There have been so many human tragedies and so many barely healed wounds, and this is why it is crucial to find out what decision has been taken to recover the thousands of tonnes of fuel that remain in the wreck of the Prestige.
I hope to forge ahead on this matter and this is why I tabled an amendment, accepted by my group, calling for a temporary committee to be set up, with the task of assessing the effectiveness of the Erika I and II packages, in order to prevent any further disasters and, if necessary, to propose strengthening them.
The above demonstrates that I am in favour of action, and this is why I do not identify all that well with the amendments that have been tabled in favour of setting up a committee of inquiry about the past.
The market runs on too short a time scale, and that is why measures need to be taken by the Member States to guarantee long-term supply contracts.
When all is said and done, then, Mr President, that is why today's debate took place.
The Commission does in fact believe that a common framework should be laid down for questions pertaining to transit during the repatriation process, which is why the Commission supports the German proposal.
We know this is difficult to do, which is why we have argued about the wording.
Today, no State with a coastline should fail to respond to this call, and this is why I have voted the way I have.
They manipulate it but they need it, which is why pre-trade transparency is crucial to the quality of price formation, in particular to prevent volatility, speculation and insider dealing.
These are precisely the areas that we intend to improve by means of this constitution, which allows the European Union to function more effectively and more democratically and which, moreover, gives the EU a social and political dimension, and this is why we ask for the support of our citizens in the referendum.
Many of us are concerned that what came out of Nice will not be enough to cope with the imminent enlargement, and that is why - whilst being obliged to the Presidency of the Council for what it has said - I urge the governments to do everything in their power to facilitate the new Treaty's speedy entry into force, so that not too much time elapses between the governments giving their consent and the Treaty's final ratification.
This proposal from the Commission guarantees neither of these things, and that is why we have voted against it.
Despite the improvements made by plenary, the lack of transparency remains, which is why I voted against.
That situation is, unfortunately, still a long way off, which is why buying green is still a luxury and selling green is not yet sufficiently profitable.
Apparently, the EU was even inflexible in the negotiations and this is why everything went wrong.
I do not feel it would be appropriate to lay down further requirements, and that is why I call upon the House to vote against Amendment No 20.
The profits are huge, and that is why this shady market is so attractive to operators.
We support them, which is why we shall not vote for the report.
Compared with Liechtenstein, however, it is a large country, and that is why no one dares to tackle the issue.
Mr President, I also say what I wish to say, and that is why I should first like expressly to thank Mr Posselt for not only criticising and condemning the practice of torture as such in the abstract, but also for naming specific states that sponsor torture.
These issues have been monitored for a long time by the rapporteur, Mr Medina Ortega, which is why his rich experience of the lacunae, malfunctions and weaknesses in law-making are crystallised in his report.
As Mr Della Vedova said a moment ago, that is why we regret the Commission’s failure to incorporate this principle in the present proposal.
That is what we have specific budget lines for, and that is why I am not the only one to take this line.
These concerns are very real and that is why I support the ELDR's Amendment No 2.
I think we would do well to make people the focal point, and that is why we must adopt initiatives at this time to ensure that the dignity of the Palestinians is respected and the dignity of the Israelis is respected and that both nations have the chance to move into the future together in peace, in a democratic system.
The technology exists and is becoming available, and this is why the sector is given time to adjust.
And this is why we in this House want the rail networks to be opened to operators of passenger trains on 1 January 2008.
Time is short, which is why Parliament was dissatisfied – and, indeed, is still not quite satisfied – with the original timetable, but we do see signs of movement, and we hope that there will be further movement – and very soon, please, if possible.
That is why we talk about European driving licences for train drivers, that is why, in the report by Mrs Ainardi, we raise the question of funding for interoperability, because we want interoperability at a high level and not at a minimum level, as the Council wants.
This amount, however, is insufficient and that is why we support the request for appropriations totalling EUR 230 million.
Enlargement must succeed, and that is why we have been saying right from the outset that the 25 countries must be dealt with in a single budget.
To do so is, after all, in the common European interest, and that is why it is also in the common interest that these legal bases should be established as soon as possible.
In conclusion, I will say that we can consider sweeteners as useful, which is why, through this legislation, we are authorising two new products to be placed on the market.
Until now, the German Government has not wanted to do so and that is why the Commission has now decided to start infringement proceedings.
This is why I am optimistic, this is why I am convinced that this Presidency will make Europe take significant steps forward.
Stability is brought about through the division of state and justice, and that is why it is difficult.
The European Union’s position is indeed clear; we are all unreservedly opposed to the death penalty, and that is why the resolution tabled jointly by this House is a relatively short one.
That is the advantage of the action plan that has been suggested to us, that is why we need sectoral European projects, a revision of the guidelines for competition policy and Community aids, a commercial policy that is more favourable to our development, and the ability to create partnerships around territorial communities.
… and that is why the Commission has decided to take this step.
The Liberals want to prevent this from happening, and that is why a transitional arrangement should be put in place.
Indeed, Parliament should have the right to give its assent to such appointments and that is why the PPE-DE Group will vote to reject the Liberal amendment.
Emissions from passenger cars are nevertheless a significant source of greenhouse emissions, which is why we must act in such a way that, where possible, consumers are steered in the direction of environmentally sustainable and favourable products.
To achieve this without the support of the present Member States would take too long and that is why it is a duty for us to use the support promised to us to the best advantage for our people.
Nevertheless, there were still a number of questions left unanswered, and that is why we are putting these questions verbally today, without a resolution.
Nevertheless, of course, we must not lose sight of the real objective, and that is why we demand in our amendments that research with adult stem cells should take priority.
In effect, the Commission, like Parliament for that matter, had gone along with the majority at the vote on the framework programme and that is why this date has been taken as a reference date.
We took decisive action; we could have moved more quickly, and that is why we are presenting to you an action plan.
We want to serve Europe, and that is why we must not divide Europe.
– Mr President, this pre-election incident has absolutely nothing to do with my group, which is why I had intended to keep quiet.
Clear definitions of each party’s responsibilities are also crucial, which is why I have to tackle the issue of the responsibility of the Member States.
Consequently, it is a step forward, which is why we must support the outcome of the conciliation and vote yes.
Women must be supported whatever the choice they make, but that is why this is cumbersome and is very demanding on resources.
It has been demonstrated that there is a link with the screening programmes, and that is why it is so important for us MEPs, too, to hold detailed discussions on reports such as this, based on sound data supplied by the Commission.
I would also just like to say how important it is that everyone, including the less well informed, has access to screening, which is why I wanted to recommend mobile screening campaigns here.
Information security is a political question, and that is why we have to resolve it.
Absolute protection cannot exist, by definition, but I am also completely sure that this House, in taking up this issue quickly and in providing greater protection rules, will have proven how much Europe can respond when it has to, to the immediate concerns of our citizens and this is why I would like to thank you.
At the same time, however, the general introduction of electronic tagging of sheep and goats by 1 July 2006 is considered very rushed for Greece, where there are more sheep and goats than in the other fourteen Member States together, which is why this deadline should be extended by at least a year.
It must be evident that the Council's ability to reach decisions in an enlarged Union must be guaranteed, and that is why the Convention proposed what it did, a fact that we must not lose sight of.
That is why we bear such enormous responsibility, and that is why it is so important to bring this project to a conclusion.
This proposal could not be made in the time available to us, because we followed the procedure under Rule 110a, which is why we are asking for the vote to be moved to the first part-session in December so that we would have the facility for various groups to request a separate vote on this paragraph.
We will also have to discuss again whether all of the visions in this paper are actually feasible and that is why we must not neglect to consider what is realistic and what will really happen in practice.
It is not a multilateral project, but a bilateral one, tailor-made for everyone, and that is why Russia is not treated in the same way as Libya; that would simply be impossible and quite frankly it would be foolish even to attempt to do so.
That is not our proposal, which is why we did not accept the final result.
By definition, this evil must not, however, be combated militarily in all situations, which is why I voted against recital G.
Today, the parliament has resumed its activities and the President is negotiating with her Prime Minister, which is why I feel that we must seize this opportunity.
That is what I am afraid of and that is why I say to you that you must trust in Europe and must not sacrifice it to a signature of which you will be ashamed, just as you have been ashamed of Nice.
That is how you should look at it, and that is why we have also taken the precaution of first having a trial period and then an evaluation. That is as it were the icing on the cake.
Such a situation could only continue for a short period of time: that is why I spoke of a period of six months.
But I recognise that Member States may need a certain time to organise their affairs and that is why I said for the first six months of next year I will not start any infringement proceedings.
This is a Europe to which we do not belong, and that is why we cannot support this resolution.
It is a fact that tissues and cells help on a daily basis to restore health, which is why we need to lay down a specific European framework which will guarantee supply and sufficiency and, at the same time, safeguard the physical integrity of those who receive them, of the recipients.
My group takes the view that there is no room for exceptions to be made, and that is why we want this directive to fully cover sectors with grave consequences for the environment, such as the nuclear power industry or genetically modified organisms.
We must achieve a qualified majority, and this is why I added my name, on behalf of my group – and I will support further amendments – those which can be described as moderate in so far as they stipulate a very gradual entry into force of the restricting legislative measures without, for all that, invalidating the essential basic proposals
Those who take the risk must also assume it, and this is why we do not agree with Amendment No 39 either, which seeks to supplement Amendment No 9 to exempt GMOs in advance or to lessen the liability of those who work with them.
I also want to put the case for greater legal certainty, which is why we are in favour of the period of liability taking the form envisaged in Mrs Thyssen’s amendment, and of legal certainty being created by approved plant being excluded from liability.
Mr President, since 1993, when the internal market became operational and border controls were abolished, the Customs authorities have ceased to be a source of basic statistical information on the trading of goods between Member States, but such information is still needed, and that is why the system known as Intrastat was set up.
We want the funds to be spent on the purposes for which they are intended, which is why we exercise control over spending, firstly through the Committee on Budgetary Control, but also at the financing planning stage.
The problem here is that whenever we try to put the whole of Europe together and try to bring in legislation that suits every Member State, one size does not fit all, and that is why I urge this House to support Amendments Nos 27 and 28 by Mrs Doyle.
This advisory committee also has an important regulatory role which is why new Compromise Amendment No 30 is so crucial in requiring proper consultations with representatives of interested parties i.e. the industry and practitioners.
In other words, we do not want to do it against your will or in confrontation with the States and that is why Parliament is now stretching out its hand to you in order to be able to resolve this thorny issue.
Today's resolution endeavours to restore once again the possibility of resolving the problem, which is why I voted in favour of it.
This is proving to be a far from straightforward process, however, particularly in the European Parliament, where the pressure exerted by the various economic interests has made itself felt, and this is why it was the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and not the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy that negotiated this directive.
In my view these conditions will be met most easily with satellite positioning systems and that is why we should venture to agree, as the Commission has proposed, to adopt this technology promptly as a basis for a European system.
However, these provisions have expired, which is why the European Parliament took the view even at first reading that 2006 should be the last year during which there should be specific arrangements for Austria, especially as there has been an improvement as regards environmental protection, which has also been recorded in the statistics given to us by the Commission.
Rather, we feel that this matter requires action and that is why we have taken the trouble to draft this report.
We will make the journey directly from Tunisia to China where we will shout to the people: ‘eat and be quiet, but above all do not make use of freedom of information; furthermore, this is why we want to have a major meeting in China.
This is militarism at its best, and that is why we voted against it.
Land is expropriated, the ground concreted over, 150 000 hectares of vines have flooded, and this is why, to cut a long story short, the area is swamped.
There is the MARPOL convention, which is applied differently in the Member States as far as the sanctions imposed are concerned, which is why the initiative by the European Commission is useful, so that there is a uniform approach to the matter from the point of view of sanctions.
Physically speaking, though, it can indeed be reused, and that is why retrieval is extraordinarily important.
Your resolution will be an essential and indispensable contribution to the definition of this approach, which is why the Commission awaits the outcome of your vote with eager interest.
There have to date been no indications whatever of this being possible, which is why most of our group have changed their position on this issue.
We understand a European social model to mean that the public must be guaranteed these services, and that is why they are not primarily a political task for the Commission, but a matter for local and regional authorities.
There is too little transparency; often there is neither the necessary efficiency nor adequate control, and that is why the agencies of the future need to be put on a new footing.
Furthermore, canned tuna and fillets are classified as a sensitive product in international negotiations, which is why very few commercial licences have been granted for them.
Like the Commissioner I think surveillance of these diseases is fundamentally important and that is why I am concerned that there should not be a gap.
It is reckoned that it would cost at least EUR 100 million for the elimination of the problem I described earlier, and that is why, in our judgment, it is probably more helpful to turn to the global environmental facility in order to secure an objective which the honourable Member is quite right to highlight.
We did not want to muddy the water or go over the same ground again, and that is why, as with some other fields that are regulated by other legal instruments, we thought it better to exclude financial services.
The Commission certainly does that: that is why we are going to court.
Let it be clear that the least developed countries are hit hardest, and that is why these diseases are termed diseases of poverty.
We wish to point out that, in the report, subsidies for withdrawing large vessels from the tuna fleet are described, and rightly so, as counterproductive and catastrophic, which is why it proposes that they be abolished and redirected towards renewing the fleet.
However, we do not have a complete picture of the exact impact it has had on the question of employment, which is why, in view also of today's motion on the Green Paper on services of general interest, the Commission should proceed to make a systematic inventory of the repercussions of the liberalisation of these services on employment, in conjunction of course with the degree to which the needs of society as a whole are served.
As a result of their political history, the acceding countries have never given copyright-holders any explicit protection, and this is why I think it is important to provide support on the spot.
– Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, if Mr Hänsch is listening, let me say that, although Brussels is a cold place at the moment, those of us who are motivated by the Christian faith are in any case always animated by hope and optimism, and that is why nobody can hamper our work on a European constitution; we too want the sun to shine.
What was proposed was, in principle, a right and proper project, and that is why we declare that the failure of the Brussels Summit must not mean the failure of the European Constitution and that everyone concerned should now learn from the Brussels experience.
Of course, that was surely not the intention, and this is why prior impact assessments are potentially very important.
The horrific wars in the twentieth century taught us that multilateral cooperation is the right way to build a peaceful and just future, and the lesson we have learnt in the European Union holds true for the United Nations too – that is why we favour a multilateral approach.
There needs to be a lot more consultation with the public in general: that is why I voted against it.
Finally, Mr Secretary-General – and this is why we are solemnly gathered here today – I should like to say to you on behalf of this Parliament that for defending freedom and for promoting the values we have in common, it is my privilege to award to you, the United Nations, the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize.
And that is why I regret the fact that the developed countries are all so reticent and overcautious in this regard.
That is why this is a sound way of proceeding, and that is why I should like to ask the Commission specifically to state in the directive that the directive can be implemented by means of collective agreements.
We must be assured that our own authorities are satisfied, which is why no lifting of the ban in Thailand will take place until the FVO has carried out an inspection on the ground and reported back that things are satisfactory.
I agree that accessibility to information for the public is vital, and that is why the centre should have its own website to communicate its work and to publish its opinions.
However, it includes an ambiguous support for key aspects of the CAP reform, against which my group has spoken out, and that is why I will find it very difficult to support it.
We believe that the Commission’s proposals on important points are better than the European Parliament’s proposals, which is why we choose to support the Commission’s proposals.
The EU is lagging behind all our main competitors in the areas of economic growth and competitiveness, and that is why financial investment in the prerequisites for growth is the right and necessary area of focus.
Firstly, we have just approved a quick start programme for public works designed to relaunch the idea of Europe and the single market, in which we need the Member States to be involved and to provide resources, which is why I find it extremely difficult to understand the position of the six Member States that have called for a reduction in the amount allocated.
There is, of course, always the problem of low labour costs, but that is something we know, which is why the strategy on employment focuses on the question of investment in human resources and fundamental change in the orientation of jobs in Europe.
Those words stayed with me and this is why I was keen for a debate to take place on the matter.
We have not succeeded in stopping the Mafia-like gangs operating in this area, and that is why many victims are still dying.
That is why the way we handle services of general interest is closely tied in with public confidence in our policies on competition and the internal market and in Europe’s competences – and that is why we, the public’s representatives in the citizens’ parliament, who have to deal with this permanent antithesis on a daily basis, want to be involved in deciding and determining what is to be done.
I personally have met the families of the seamen, who are honestly in a state of despair, and that is why Parliament must react and, I believe, it will react, because this is first and foremost a humanitarian issue.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, that is why I cannot wait to hear about new agreements for new consistent policy.
Mr President, apart from you, I think I am the only Liberal here, and that is why I want to intervene.
Unfortunately, we were not able to reach consensus in the Conference of Presidents on tabling an urgent debate on the issue for this sitting and this is why I ask you to ensure that, at the next sitting, provided no other urgent debates are tabled, the matter can be dealt with by a Communication from the Commission and the Council, to which I have been addressing questions since January.
My lady colleagues and I had ourselves submitted amendments to these own-initiative reports, only – as we are accustomed to doing – to see them fail in the Committee on Women’s Rights and Equal Opportunities, and that is why we have resubmitted some of them to be voted on.
That is why they want us to do the job better and that is why those who are directly implicated in the process – whether consumers, citizens, or businesses, large and small – want to feel that they have been consulted and they have had their say at the right stage in the process.
The European Union considers the occupation of the territories in question illegal, and that is why we have made such a problem of this matter.
Organisations in many other areas of activity find it significantly easier to find sponsors than do those dealing with young people, which is why the latter need our particular support.
The Commission takes a different view; what it would like is for something to be left to be shared out, and that is why it has no sympathy with those countries that want to pay just 1%.
It is never easy to broker an agreement and that is why it is taking time to enact a new European treaty.
The Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party is always particularly concerned about minority rights, which is why we are greatly worried by the unrest within the Roma group in Slovakia.
Now of course it needs to be watched, spurred on and monitored, but it should also be encouraged, and this is why the reprobative tone which Baroness Nicholson of Winterbourne used in her report was excessive.
When having talks in recent weeks with the rapporteur and other Members, I tried to improve this report, but I must say that this attempt did not succeed, and this is why I have tabled some amendments on which we will vote in the House tomorrow.
All this, though, has to be said with the small reservation that the great reform will enter into force only in 2007, and that is why adjustments are needed right now.
We need clear criteria, which is why we support the rapporteur.
The Commission too is in favour of a strict interpretation, and that is why I support the proposal that is now before us in Annex IIA.
Some of those will be compensated on the basis of the Belgian Social Security Act, but others will lose part of their income and that is why, Commissioner, I urge you to mount a thorough investigation into the effects on those involved, if need be via the EURES networks.
I should like to prevent that from happening and that is why we must try to achieve better coordination at European level.
The truth is that this is a question of the annexation of these countries to the ΕU, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece will be voting against the report, which has every reason to welcome the ‘progress’ which has allegedly been made by these countries.
This too, Commissioner, is contentious, and that is why Article 29 contains another reference to a review of this legislation within five years of its full entry into force.
I am concerned about it, however: there are many aspects of it which I think are unsatisfactory, but there is no doubt that it is much better than the common position, which is why I propose to support it.
The present proposal is inadequate and that is why the Commission has to submit a fresh proposal, one containing sufficient protection mechanisms for the European public.
In such cases, verbal information is enough and that is why, in the negotiations, we pressed very hard for the documentation requirement for small businesses to be toned down in line with the risk associated with this type of production.
What we also want, however, is a stronger presence for Europe, and this is why we would point out that a European army, as called for by the Convention, is an objective that cannot be put off any longer.
We cannot allow a black hole to develop in that part of Europe, and that is why it is also so important for us to have responded the way we did.
I can see people in the gallery already nodding off, and that is why Parliament decided that we should take a bold step to actually phase out the use of HFCs in air conditioning and substitute them with the new developing technology involving CO2.
In our view, it is sufficient on its own, which is why we have tabled a motion to reject the directive on access to justice.
Perhaps that is why we disagree with some of the other speakers in this debate.
We can only build on that and take it further, which is why it is such an important first step.
This is the cleaned-up version, because in the original version, it was pointed out that anti-Semitism occurs mainly among Islamic immigrants and that is why we have now started censoring our own reports.
So far, this Council initiative has not done that, and that is why I do not believe we should continue any further down this path.
Until now, the Council has been engaged in a kind of poker game over this issue, which is why the entry into force of the 9th EDF was delayed until 2003.
That was the line we took with Slovakia; that is why Slovakia was not on board as long ago as 1997, and that is the line we should be taking now.
While these countries, at any rate, should not be full members, at least at first, the option of full membership for Turkey, for the Ukraine, for the countries of the Western Balkans, will create serious problems for us in the coming years, and that is why we should come up with some new ideas.
That is true in any case, and that is why the reform process must continue.
As the report emphasises, the prohibition of political parties such as Hadep/Dehap continues, which is why I would urge colleagues to support Amendment No 11 by Mr Lagendijk on the crucial issue of abolishing the 10% threshold for political parties.
We have different conceptions of the future of the European Union; ours is that this Europe, this European Union of ours, must have borders, and that is why we conclude special agreements with our immediate neighbours.
Fourthly, the Commission agrees with Parliament that we need to work with other Mediterranean countries, and that is why we took the initiative for the Venice Conference in November 2003 when the Mediterranean countries, ranging from Morocco to Lebanon and Slovenia, agreed with the European Union that we must agree on common measures in the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean to preserve our fish stocks.
This is not the right time, therefore, to be discussing such matters and less still to be taking decisions, which is why I unreservedly endorse the proposal before us.
Permitted residue levels for crop protection products differ to a considerable degree from one Member State to another, and that is why it is a good idea to lay down maximum residue levels.
Consequently, businessmen and consumers are of course not exactly clear how this integrated production is supposed to benefit them; that is why I can only strongly support Mr Wijkman.
I would also point out that, obviously, as shipping is an international problem, international measures are also required, which is why cooperation with the International Maritime Organisation is always required.
Our support for the total exclusion of nuclear projects is absolutely solid, and this is why we were unable to accept the de Roo report at the end of the day.
I hope that this report finally makes us pay attention to all people with disabilities and this is why I voted in favour of it.
The report does not put forward the tiniest objection to the above measures, which is why we MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
It is a highly significant political project, which is why the consultations must be preceded by an agreement as to which tasks the Union intends to perform collectively in the future.
Another thing I should like to add is that this policy, especially with enlargement coming up, must be given material support from the point of view of funding, which is why Parliament is also reiterating once again its position that funding for it cannot be below 0.46% of gross national product.
Mr Kuckelkorn, as regards Mr Balfe, I would point out that the amendment concerned was not tabled by the group, which is why the group is unable to take any action here.
That is understood, and that is why I reiterate that this cooperation with the Tribunal must be viewed as satisfactory not only on one occasion but of course on an ongoing basis.
As far as venture capital is concerned, there is wide acceptance that such investments have a higher level of risk, which is why it is called risk capital.
A great many Members are unsatisfied with this report, and that is why 181 amendments have been tabled by other groups.
Bad signs, on the other hand, are still almost exclusively visible in the Israel-Palestine conflict, and that is why the EU needs to be ever more active there.
We said it was a good idea quite simply to repeat that NATO is still today a fundamental guarantee of transatlantic stability and security and that this is why it makes sense to strengthen the capabilities of both NATO and the European Union.
Let me tell you, Mr Mantovani’s report puts it all so much better; that is why we will be voting for his report and not for yours.
We need to improve conditions for innovation by business - notably in certain sectors of the digital content market - and that is why this programme is very relevant to the Lisbon strategy.
The employment guidelines and the Luxembourg procedure in general are very important in achieving this objective, which is why the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs always examines them with close interest.
This is serious, Mr Barón Crespo, because I wrote that the Committee on Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs has breached some of the Rules of Procedure, which is why I sent Mr Cox a letter, to which he sent a reply, which I answered.
That is the fundamental idea, and that is why we are here.
We Hungarians have often enough been in a subordinate position, deprived of our rights, and that is why we are particularly sensitive to any violation of equality of rights.
What that means is that we have to enable the enlarged Europe to function and confer legitimacy upon it, and that is why the Constitution is so important.
But we cannot conceive of a federation of nation-states which lacks a fundamental law governing the relationship between the institutions and the citizens: this is why it is important for us to sign as soon as possible a Constitution based on the principles of freedom, subsidiarity, centrality of people and which promotes a social market economy.
The holding of the Games under conditions of security has always been the only headache, even from ancient times, which is why the truce was the most serious part of the preparations, so that athletes and spectators could arrive at Olympia in safety.
All in all, we are failing to fight international organised crime and that is why it is getting stronger.
The treaties require a degree of impartiality from Commissioners that would be difficult to counterfeit and that is why, for all their posturing, the critics of Mr Prodi have yet to provide any evidence that his other interests have negatively affected his work in Brussels.
We have to take our work seriously and that is why specific reference is made, in the draft resolution on which we are voting this afternoon, to the critical verdict of the competent parliamentary committee.
This, however, is precisely the philosophy that Lisbon refutes, which is why it emphasises the rest.
The fact is that, numerically speaking, that is the only way in which a majority in this House will come into being, and that is why we are presented with the unaccustomed sight of parties that, in their domestic, indigenous, national reality are as a rule the complete natural antithesis of each other – Socialists on the one hand, Christian Democrats and Conservatives on the other – attempting in this House to work together from time to time, which, in many cases, evokes misgivings back home.
At present, the truth of the matter is that Iraq has demonstrated that this is not the case yet, and that is why I do not think it is helpful today to discuss who was in the right here.
In 96% of cases, the causes are attributable to man, and that is why the Spanish Government has announced a series of measures, including stiffer penalties for this crime and a ban on building in the areas in question.
What distinguishes us is our commitment to Europe’s unity in diversity, and that is why we have all the languages of the European Union here in the European Parliament.
That is why we must join together with the Council – which is why I find its absence regrettable – in getting the relationship between the environment and the economy right.
The Constitution speaks of a Union of states and peoples; the states are represented by the Council, and the peoples by this Parliament, and that is why it is right that this House should represent the diversity of Europe’s peoples.
Terrorists understand their own language; that is why, wherever they themselves use force, force – legitimate force on the part of the state – is the response that is needed to restore order.
As European Affairs Minister, I will be making regular visits in the next few months, and that is why I should like to take this opportunity of congratulating you once again, partly officially, on your election as Members of the European Parliament.
I know we do not see eye to eye on every issue, and that is why we are looking forward to the debate.
I have always taken the view that the Commission is better equipped to determine precise spending than the Council, and that is why I think it is a good tradition on the part of Parliament to take the Commission more seriously than the Council in this area.
Unfortunately, however many amendments are made, they will not change the reactionary character of the budget, which is why we shall be voting against it.
Emergency aid has arrived except in the rebel-held areas, which the humanitarian aid convoys cannot reach because of the rains, which is why there is no complete check on the conditions there.
It is not enough to relegate Chechnya to the small print in the margin, and that is why we find it regrettable and deserving of criticism that the Socialist Group and the Group of the conservative Christian Democrats have blocked a resolution of this House on this important subject.
Let me tell you, Mr Cohn-Bendit, that those who commit these deeds are Ossetians, Ingushetians, and international terrorists, and that is why one has to make a very clear distinction between this and what is going on in Chechnya.
That is why elections have such a major part to play, that is why the United Nations have a part to play, and that is why I was so shocked by Kofi Annan’s comment yesterday to the effect that ‘the UN can become fully involved again, can go in again, only if security is established.’
It is the whole principle that is wrong and that is why UKIP will continue to oppose these deals until that tragic continent gets its fishing grounds back.
Use of the Pact as a cudgel to push through cuts in social services and privatisation policies demands that it be more flexibly applied, and this is why we of the Confederal Group of the United European Left/Nordic Green Left reject the Commission’s proposals as well as the spirit and letter of the Pact itself.
I support the fact that, in the interests of the euro’s prestige, there should be strict framework rules for the Member States and this is why I do not agree with the weakening of the Stability Pact, or in an extreme case, its abolition.
It is clear that this case, at the end of the day, not only has the most profound effect on individual women’s right to choose, but that it is also and at the same time a highly political act, and that is why we cannot accept the violation of two of the four basic freedoms.
That is something we want to prevent, and that is why we are having this debate today.
That is what makes CITES necessary, and that is why I have been heartened by many of the positions taken by the Commission, which, at the conference of states party to the Convention, is speaking out loud and clear in favour of strict restrictions on trade.
Given that this species is endangered, we are therefore calling for a zero quota in the name of the precautionary principle, and this is why we continue to support this proposal.
The European Union must have a credible policy for the Middle East, and that is why it is important for the EU to have the strength and ability to identify those threats to peace that exist.
For that reason, we Europeans are directly affected, and that is why we are part of the road map, to which – as everyone has said – there can be no alternative.
We have not seen enough of the latter, which is why the PPE-DE Group abstained when it came to the vote on this particular supplementary and amending budget.
Prevention is the key word, because we are not here to be repressive, which is why the Commission must place the emphasis on the aspect of prevention.
I believe that, to be consistent, we must request another such investigation, and I believe this is why, as the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, we are presenting an amendment to this effect.
I personally believe that the new Commission will consist of people who are able to meet the challenges of the next five years, which is why we MEPs of the Greek New Democracy Party will vote in favour of it.
The conflict of interests of a government, however, is not just a shadow but rather a boulder, which is why I do not think that voting against you would be damaging to the Union.
Today, the 'vision' of the euro has turned into the nightmare of the grass-roots family, which is why we are voting against the annual report of the European Central Bank, which has helped to increase unemployment and the social problems which blight the lives of grass-roots families.
The same is true of us as of the other committees: sometimes our expectations are greater than the funds available to us, and that is why, rather than setting new priorities, we have tried at least to allocate the necessary funds to what has been agreed jointly by the Council, the Commission and Parliament, so that the public can have confidence that what you announce will then be done.
We demand a duty of care from our government, which is why, last week, I gave detailed information about institutionalised corruption in this place to the Serious Fraud Office in London and I called on the British Government to withhold all future funding of the European Union under the terms of the Vienna Convention.
In our opinion, the people of Belarus alone have the authority and responsibility to decide on their future, which is why we denounce and condemn such pressure and interference.
The second thing I want to say is that, if the Commission is to make effective recommendations, it needs sound scientific results, and that is why the study is so very important.
There is no more effective way of doing that than by using people's own languages and this is why I take the opportunity presented by the Bureau Decision of 13 October to allow the use of other languages in this Chamber.
Of course it is complex, and that is why we needed to re-evaluate where we are and how we can improve performance.
They are also claiming a share of the spoils in Iraq, which is why they are strengthening the occupying government of Iraq with hundreds of millions of euros from the peoples' money, at the same time calling the Iraqi resistance terrorist violence.
This is an issue which touches upon all areas and which all Commissioners must bear in mind, and this is why I myself will act as chairman of the group with Mr Frattini, Vice-President of the Commission, as vice-chairman.
Each of these four levels has its own tasks to perform, and that is why we adhere to the principle of subsidiarity.
These few modifications do not satisfy me. I stand by my previous votes, and that is why I voted against the nomination of this Commission.
I think there were those here in Brussels and in the national capitals who failed to state their position clearly, and that is why we are in this situation.
It is an uprising in the name of basic human rights and this is why the men and women of Ukraine deserve not just our support and our solidarity, but our help and our action.
The European Union is a sufficiently strict and powerful political union and that is why the European Union must, at all levels – Council, Commission and Parliament – demonstrate a strict and determined political will.
Perhaps this is why we are now witnessing a slowing down in the economic growth of the Eurozone in comparison with our main world competitors.
It is my belief that the President-in-Office is a fan of bedtime stories and children’s programmes, and that is why he has left us.
Russia and ourselves take different views, and that is why the Summit has communicated so little on the issue.
Perhaps this is why women so often become victims.
Just as every parent teaches their children not to go off with strangers when they play outside, there are also rules of conduct for the Internet, and that is why the information, for which this programme makes provision, is so crucial.
Mr President, the Court of Auditors is a charade: the misappropriation of public funds starts with its paymasters, and that is why it is impossible for the Court to be effective.
Through this procedure, the Council is, however, obliged to hear the European Parliament’s points of view, which is why we have chosen to express our support for the view that aspects of legal certainty and the protection of private life are better dealt with in terms of the committee’s report than in terms of the Commission’s original proposal.
I think that that is very important and that is why I hope that this report will, by the end of this week, turn out not only to receive the broad support of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, but also of this plenary of the European Parliament.
Nor are we applying more stringent standards to Turkey; it is a country of a size that we have never seen in previous accession processes, and that is why all this has to be discussed very, very carefully.
This ‘all or nothing’ strategy, involving negotiations lasting some ten or fifteen years and even then perhaps without a positive outcome, strikes me as misguided, and that is why we have to find a second option facilitating a European economic area with a privileged partnership or whatever else one wants to call it.
Turkey is not a European country and will not become one; that is why the demands of Europe’s and Turkey’s future together are best met by a privileged partnership.
Mr President, this debate is about nothing more or less than the destiny and the future of the European Union, which is why it is disturbing to see the extent to which confusion reigns in these deliberations.
Turkey is not Europe, but democracy and human rights are, and that is why these concepts should be spread, at least within our neighbouring countries.
Our group believes that there are five main priorities: if we were able to implement them alone, we would do so, but we cannot, and that is why we always need to be willing to compromise.
Even where it is globalisation or new forms of competition, which actually have no direct connection with the European Union, that are bringing this situation about, and threatening people’s living conditions, it is often the European Union that is blamed, and that is why we must do everything in our power to really make a success of Lisbon, so that the people can identify with the European model.
We do, admittedly, conclude that this round of negotiations did not offer more room for manoeuvre; that is why we will vote in favour of this Budget.
We want agreement, and that is why, yet again today, we insist on a monthly trilogue capable of ensuring that difficult chapters are not left to be dealt with at the end of the procedure, but rather that issues of flexibility, duration of the Financial Perspective and many points of substance can be discussed in good time and considered jointly as part of a permanent dialogue between the institutions.
The risk will always remain, which is why we have adopted the measures needed for us to identify and combat such risks.
This proposal does not take this approach to the issue, not even in practical terms, and that is why we cannot support it unless appropriate amendments are adopted.
I share that view, and that is why we in the Presidency have proposed that the Council should conclude that we want additional provisions in terms of monitoring and specific benchmarks for Romania, coupled with a potential sanction, if necessary, of one year’s suspension.
Yes, we should stand firm in the name of historical truth, which is why I continue, as I have done in the past, to demand that the Turkish authorities acknowledge their part in the Armenian genocide.
We support them wholeheartedly, and that is why I have voted in favour.
Romania is not ready for accession, which is why we feel it is important to have two more years to achieve the whole framework for the negotiations, as we discussed before, with extra guarantees and extra safeguards.
Travel times are very important – that is why they were included in the Commission proposal; but conditions during travel are just as important.
This is precisely what the Bourlanges report criticises, and that is why I endorse the report.
Now that the tsunami has struck, we can see that the nation-states can no longer help on their own, because it is beyond us, and that is why our peoples need to be given additional strength through our standing together in order to have a chance of survival in this globalised world order.
That is why we will be voting in favour of it, and that is why I am glad to see Mr Wurtz here to hear me say that I find his criticisms incomprehensible.
The EU’s citizens are well aware of this, and this is why they support the European Constitution in such large numbers, even if they are not entirely familiar with the details of its contents.
The citizens of the European Union are aware of this, and this is why they know better than politicians what is good for them.
I believe that the European dimension of this task is more important than the individual interests of the Member States; this is why it is essential for us to adopt European rules, as without such rules for this field we will be unable to create an internal market.
Mr Barroso forgot three of these four elements and this is why we need a working group between the Commission and the Council to have everybody singing from the same hymn-sheet.
The European Union will cease to exist without solidarity, and this is why we cannot consent to either the policy of solidarity or the need to support the new Member States being removed from the EU’s budget priorities.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Constitutional Treaty represents significant progress in the process of bringing Europe together, and that is why I voted in favour of it.
In such circumstances, independent economic growth becomes all but impossible, and this is why we need a comprehensive debt relief initiative.
The second point I should like to make is as follows; we acknowledge that the two largest groups in this House – and rightly so – wish to reach a broad consensus on this issue, and this is why we are able to join this consensus.
It has been mentioned, and that is why we have voted for the document; otherwise, we would have voted against it.
Poland survived two totalitarian regimes, and this is why it has taken it upon itself to sound a warning against what the Holy Father has termed the civilisation of death.
We must tell them that we are here for them, which is why I ask you not to approach legislative measures from an exclusively technical perspective as a means of creating better regulations, but always to think of the people for whom we make these laws and to whom we wish to communicate them.
They also mean that there is a need for harmonisation, and this is why we welcome both Mr Di Pietro’s report on the exchange of information from the criminal register and Mr Costa’s report on the quality of criminal justice in the European Union.
They do not under any circumstances satisfy enhanced grass-roots needs and that is why we MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece shall vote against the proposal.
These are signs which express the workers' feelings of indifference and that is why they are turning their back on the European Union.
However, increasing the number of priorities will weaken the focus and results of the action plan, which is why it would be preferable to limit the priorities to those proposed in the action plan, which have been defined in close cooperation with 300 experts and involved agencies.
It would inevitably lead to arguments, and this is why we are asking you today to take proactive measures to prevent this problem.
This is why we questioned your colleagues during the sitting of the parliamentary committee and that is why we ask you too what assurances and what guarantees you can give us to ensure that the entire network will be financially viable.
This naturally has a certain symbolic value, but it also offers the advantage of simplifying roadside checks; simplified checks, of course, are consistent with the fight against crime and fraud – and we are all familiar with the problem of licence tourism in Europe; the Internet is full of pages devoted to it, which is why this is a matter for the Member States too.
We want to put an end to it with this directive, which is why I hope that, in tomorrow’s vote, Mr Grosch will be given a large majority, including the backing of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats.
Nevertheless, Commissioner, continuity of regional development, including the development of mountain areas and less-favoured areas, is in your interests too, because it enables these areas to go on sharing in the general prosperity and social development of the European Union, which is why there must be no abrupt cessation of these compensatory payments in any cases where they are due to expire.
It is not possible to obtain rapid results, and that is why we need diversified approaches, working on different aspects.
That is why we urge the present government to make every effort to ensure that the elections and the campaigns be conducted fairly and openly, and that is why balanced access to the media must be guaranteed across the political divide.
The granting of credits to businesses must also be assessed in terms of its environmental effect, and that is why I would argue in favour of including an environmental impact report in credit assessments.
The Madrid Forum has proved to be extremely successful, which is why access to storage should be handled in the same way.
We Social Democrats also take the trade unions’ concerns seriously, and that is why we want explicit mention in the directive of social dialogue.
To date, very little use has been made of the opportunities which this scheme offers, and that is why attempts have been made to simplify it and to make it more transparent and more objective.
Those elections must be free, democratic and transparent, which is why we are asking for them to be prepared and monitored by a team of European observers in which, as in the case of Palestine, the role of this Parliament should be a prominent one.
That is why we obviously cannot give our backing to the compromise resolution which has been tabled today, and that is why we have submitted an alternative version.
That is why the Services Directive is important, and that is why it is important to remember that it is a question here of a European integration that is vital to competitiveness.
Despite the many prophecies of doom, originating not least from this House, we have ended up with a strong euro – it could even be described as too strong, and that is why now is very definitely the time to rearrange matters; not, though, by abandoning the Stability and Growth Pact, but by taking into account economic conditions in the individual countries.
This is exactly what the cohesion policy of the European Union could do, and this is why the financial resources that the European Union will have in the coming years will determine whether we really want the new Member States to be really integrated; if we really do want them to adopt the Euro and expand their economic development and create jobs as the Lisbon Strategy is telling us to do.
I should therefore like to praise the efforts of all those involved, and especially Mrs Locatelli, as she has done a very good job of drafting her report, and this is why I intend to vote in favour of it during tomorrow’s vote.
In my opinion, the majority of those present in the Chamber are former researchers, and that this is why we share the same views.
However, at least half of the sum should be guaranteed by the EU, which is why I have tabled an amendment to ensure that at least the minimum sum of EUR 3.05 billion per year, or EUR 25.35 billion between 2006 and 2013, is guaranteed by the Commission.
Nature, by definition, cannot be standardised, nor can real human lives, which is why UKIP opposes the dead hand of the EU wherever its grip extends.
That does not happen with C sugar, and that is why C sugar must no longer be allowed on the global market.
Today, Commissioner, I am among those who see here, in the draft resolution, a willingness to give priority to a more extensive influence of the market in the sugar reform, which is why I also support it.
We support general nuclear disarmament and that is why we shall abstain from the vote.
That is why what is happening now is so unfortunate and that is why I have vigorously condemned it in this Parliament.
Lastly, we must certify the competence of the interpretation services, which is why we are proposing their enrolment in a national register of interpreters.
This is a very good outcome and that is why we support the rapporteur’s original line.
In order to be effective, the Pact must count on the broadest political support, which is why wide support within Parliament is of the utmost importance.
The social democrats in this House are also grateful for that and that is why we can agree to our motion for a resolution in the happy expectation of broad support, in good conscience, from the members of both the PPE-DE Group and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
It does not happen often, and perhaps that is why President Barroso said that the Greens are outside the system or anti-system.
Following the European Summit, we can say that there is interinstitutional agreement and some sort of commitment to Lisbon’s revival, and that is why the summit’s conclusions are a hopeful new beginning and the presidency deserves credit.
The purity of sport becomes all the more important as economic conditions become tougher and as the problems that small businesses and the self-employed face become greater; that is why we have a real chance to put a stop to doping.
That is why the services directive must continue to guarantee the protection of cultural diversity, and that is why it must not apply to these goods.
We should not forget that the market also has an important role to play, which is why we have fond memories of the magnificent Italian films of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, whereas American cinema now holds sway.
No matter what the regulation says, this is the reality of the situation and this is why solidarity is a key word to use here, too.
That is the challenge we face; that is why, for the past five years, we have been striving to implement this Financial Services Action Plan; and that is why we believe we must go forward.
I can imagine those who currently write to us demanding maximum harmonisation in consumer protection matters saying – yet again – that we are taking harmonisation too far with the Consumer Credit Directive; that is why they should be very careful when calling for such a thing.
. – Groundwater is a unique natural resource of tremendous value, which is why it must be protected effectively.
Amendments 96 and 98 introduce groundwater protection zones, while Amendments 95 and 100 call for more research into groundwater ecosystems, which is why I call on you to vote for them.
That is why my Group has decided to support the spirit of the resolution, despite some of the wording and difficulties concerning the possible financial contribution from the Union, which is why we have asked for a separate vote on that issue.
Time is running out for the peace process and that is why we need to maintain our pressure on those responsible for the murder and cover-up because, unless we resolve this issue, the peace process will fail completely.
In this House, we have representatives from the political party Sinn Féin who, by their own admission, have a special relationship with the IRA and that is why we refer to them.
Parliament should, in my view, take this into consideration and that is why I regret that there was no far-reaching agreement between the Council and Parliament at second reading.
There is no doubt that there will be trouble; that is why, when I told the German minister for the environment – who is one of your party-political allies – that he should ask for that, his reply was that he could not do that, for if he did, he would lose his seat in no time.
. – Mr President, the fruit and vegetable sector is one of the most dynamic and that is why it is rightly being debated.
We regarded the extension of the reference period from four months to a year, with peaks of 65-hour weeks, as a feudal 19th century phenomenon, and that is why we must hold onto the four-month reference period.
In all events, however, under present circumstances and taking account of the correlations, we have a positive and compelling compromise, which is why I support a vote in favour of the Constitutional Treaty.
On the global market, professors, bankers and even Commissioners reach a lower price than agricultural products, and that is why we have to talk about terms and conditions, which means about adjusting them and making them fair.
It is about the ability to get goods to market and to meet standards, which is why aid for trade is so important.
That is why we condemn the violence against the Mari minority in Russia, and that is why we ask the Russian Government to show the same kind of attitude toward its minorities that the Russian Government would like to be provided for the Russian minorities elsewhere in Europe.
I am in no doubt that British pilots are among the best in the world, and indeed the same applies to British Airways, which is why I am never afraid of flying with that airline.
We know that a properly fitted safety belt can reduce the severity of injuries and save lives, which is why it is right to require all seats in vehicles to be equipped with safety belts.
That is something we do not often think about, which is why it is important for us now to obtain this directive whereby seat belts must be fitted in buses and lorries too.
Under today's conditions, with today's way of life, consumers need an additional boost to their diet, which is why it is useful to add both vitamins and inorganic salts – what we call minerals – to food.
The usual nutrients added are vitamins and minerals, which is why it is useful that the proposal specifically regulates these ingredients.
The amendments proposed by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance call for clearer targets and improve the text still further, which is why we shall support them.
The European Parliament has, however, contributed a number of positive amendments, which is why we have chosen to support the report as a whole.
As Mr Oreja has already said, terrorism and the fight against it are outstanding examples of transnational issues, and that is why we should work together more effectively.
He did an excellent job, not least in communitarising justice and home affairs, and that is why I hope we will get this Constitution through.
They were attacks on democracy and on the values we stand for, and that is why the fight against terrorism needs to be uncompromising, but at the same time a fight for democracy.
There is nothing excessive about our demand, and that is why we are asking the Council to advance towards our position.
And this is despite the fact that the proposed distribution of the costs of enlargement is neither fair nor balanced, as demonstrated during the parliamentary debate, and that is why we have presented an amendment that I hope will be supported by a majority of the House tomorrow.
Your Budget is tighter than the one we have already and more limited than a lack of agreement would make it, and that is why you have to understand that our offer is made with negotiations in mind.
It is not always possible, and that is why there is a need for legal certainty.
That is why we say that the European Union might not be the answer to all of our problems, but without the European Union we will not be able to overcome any of the major challenges facing us, and that is why we say: the objective is still right!
Otherwise, we might well end up in an Echternach-like procession where, unfortunately, we only take steps backward, without a prospect of realistically European cooperation, and as Mr Barroso was right in pointing out that ‘despite much public criticism, Europe is in actual fact the right answer and that is why I continue to be so committed’.
Jobs are only being created by small and medium-sized enterprises, which is why we must help them to overcome their structural problems.
Greater financial resources for research, for instance, still do not guarantee a greater number of innovations, and this is why we need the enterprising spirit embodied in SME’s.
I should like to say how much I agree with Mr Libicki: the regulatory framework still needs scrutinising, which is why this report, to my regret, will be unable to have the effect that it really needs.
I realise that he wanted to stick to the original Commission proposal of 2009, but a number of tyres could not be changed for that date and that is why we opted for the date on the tyre.
The aviation sector operates at physical limits, which is why the safety aspect must not be compromised and must even come before environmental aspects.
I should like to say that it is our duty to protect the environment and the report by our honourable friend moves in that direction, which is why we should all vote for it.
And that is why we need this Constitution, which is a point of balance, but above all a point of progress.
It is unacceptable that the incomes of MEPs from different countries should differ by as much as EUR 11 000, and that is why it is right that a uniform salary should be brought in.
The information society entails free and unrestricted access to technology and information, and this is why I believe that software patents would mean certain death for such a society.
We could have a different Treaty, which would impose obligations on the Commission with regard to things that have happened previously, but in this case the case-law of the Court of Justice is clear and that is why I raised objections in relation to this issue and I continue to do so today.
Europe is exactly the opposite; that is why you were right to say ‘Europe needs leadership’, but who wants to be the leader?
Soft PVC toys containing hazardous substances are neither fun nor safe and that is why this ban is so important.
Ladies and gentlemen, at this point in time I regard the Chichester report as a good compromise, which is why I too will vote in favour of it.
They fully support the common position on this issue, and that is why we would urge all Members to think with their hearts, but most importantly with their minds, about what protection they would like to see if they have ideas.
It is an unfortunate fact that national patent offices and courts reach different decisions on many cases, and this is why clear rules are needed at European level.
We cannot, however, rely on the internal economic market alone being able to bridge the gulfs, and that is why we need the Structural Funds.
It is very difficult for me to go against the financial rules, which is why it takes a lot of time.
Today, however, we should not look towards the past but concentrate on the future, which is why we have given the Allawi government our endorsement, committed ourselves to the reconstruction and supported the recent resolutions.
I think that Europe can make, has already made, development the most tangible demonstration of its values, and that is why I am resolutely optimistic.
Our reservation concerns the criminal code, which is why we voted against paragraph 4.
To achieve this, we need the full and complete cooperation of the exporting country, which is why the Commission has proposed a voluntary system based on partnerships with the producer countries.
These are complex issues, which is why we are being rigorous about applying our twofold commitment to have ongoing consultation and an in-depth impact assessment.
LIFE + will not be able to undertake projects of the scale and breadth for which provision is made in the programmes in question, which is why LIFE + is being called on to supplement these programmes by focusing on the development of environmental policy, as often called for by Parliament, by supporting the exercise of policy, a point on which Parliament has frequently expressed an interest, by improving environmental governance with the participation of civil society and by disseminating information, so that European citizens can understand the objective and repercussions of environmental legislation.
These objectives coincide with the wishes expressed by Parliament and, through it, by European citizens, which is why I consider that the Commission proposal is the right proposal.
Nonetheless, there is room for improvement, which is why the Commission proposed a package of measures in April 2005 to strengthen the European Union's response capability in the field of civil protection.
. – Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Galileo Programme is both very ambitious and extremely challenging in scientific and technical terms, which is why it is so costly. As well as attracting a great deal of interest, the programme has therefore also provoked a variety of opinions and reactions.
I quite understand the concerns expressed in the draft opinion of Parliament; that is why the Commission will amend its proposal as far as possible in order to respond to this opinion of Parliament.
The De Sarnez report responds to the majority of these challenges and problems, which is why it deserves our support.
Quite the reverse: real innovation is possible if we insist on added therapeutic value, and that is why I back the amendments tabled by Mrs Ferreira and the Group of the Greens.
We also know that this is why we have, in theory, a new definition of security that combines elements of internal and external security, but we have to be clear about the fact that we have manifestly not yet succeeded in bringing together internal and external security in any practical and effective way.
This is an ambitious report and that is why I am interested to know whether the Commissioner would like to say something about it and with which proposals and measures the Commission would actually like to tackle the job.
Of course, that is why I consider the report to be very important and both I and the rest of the Commission will take very serious account of the proposals contained in it.
Some of those regimes have proved good at protecting tourism and tourists with very strong-arm police tactics. However, they have at the same time been oppressing their own people, which is why I have reservations about paragraphs 24 and 25.
For many of the poorest countries in the world, tourism does of course represent an important potential source of income, and that is why it is to the credit of both the rapporteur and the Committee on Development that, in considering the use of tourism in association with projects to combat poverty, they do not lose sight of the millennium development goals.
Many people travel with their livestock and all their belongings, particularly in the Sahel region, to which Niger belongs, and this is why crises spread so rapidly between the various countries in this region.
The right message to send to the many members of the European public who complain that it is not clear who decides what in Europe, is that it is here in the European Parliament that decisions of a political nature are taken, and that is why the sunset clause, which is to be in force for two years, enjoys my support.
This trend has to be broken as quickly as possible, and that is why a European approach is necessary.
A credible and effective cohesion policy cannot, indeed, exist without adequate financial instruments, and that is why we are hoping for a prompt decision on the financial perspective.
There was a previous land registry project in Greece which was a failure – if I may put it that strongly – and that is why the Commission decided to recover the full amount of the contribution.
Madam President, Commissioner, is it not the case that the previous Greek Government amassed a huge debt potential, and that is why Greece now has problems fulfilling the Stability and Growth Pact?
Therefore, there is still some time to go, which is why I am saying that it is too early to judge today which – if any – funds would probably not be taken up, especially since it is always possible that there may be an excellent project that will consume the rest of the 2003 allocations before the end of this year.
That is why at the moment, what we need, above all else, is clarity – clarity about what the rules are and what should happen, and that is why I welcome our joint resolution, for it is bringing us exactly that.
Many issues cannot be resolved by local authorities alone, which is why cooperation with other municipalities and the participation and involvement of the public rank among the basic principles of rural development.
Many fishermen lack the financial resources to cover those costs, and that is why I should like to ask you to redouble your support in order to bring this changeover about.
The Belgian Government, for example, intends to reimburse some of the heating oil in order to relieve the pressure, but such measures do not, of course, solve the heating problems of the very many people here and now, and that is why I appeal to you to at last do something in the short term.
I certainly agree that reform has a real contribution to make to the pursuit of the Millennium Development Goals and that is why we are so determined that the words of September are translated into action in the weeks and months ahead.
I fully recognise that there is a great deal of further work still to be done, and that is why I pay due tribute to the work that Mrs Stihler and other members of the NGO community have undertaken in this field.
I do not share this view, which is why, on behalf of Czech textile workers and others, I demand that the quotas be enforced for one further year, until the end of 2008.
Conservatives strongly support positive action on climate change and this is why we proposed an ambitious but realistic target of 60% of electricity in the EU from ultra-low or non-CO2 emitting and CO2 neutral energy technologies.
We do not want that, and that is why we must take a clear stand against it.
Such a policy demands, above all, courage and truth, which is why I will just dwell on an omission in the speech by Mr Alexander which I believe to be particularly serious: he did not make a single reference, not a single word, to what has happened in recent days on Lampedusa.
I think Europe is simply unable to absorb a longer period of uncertainty without very strong negative political, economic and social consequences, and that is why the lack of a good decision in December will cause damage that European citizens cannot afford anymore.
Nobody knows how much we will have at our disposal after 2007; that is why the figures – the Commission’s, the Böge Committee’s and our own Committee’s – are no more than indications.
What now remains to be done is to increase European cinema’s overall market share, and that is why this third programme is to have the same priorities as before: training, development, distribution and promotion.
Next, it is important to encourage the development of new talent; that is why I shall vote for the rapporteur’s Amendment 56, which proposes establishing a scholarship named after Pier Paolo Pasolini for young talent.
As a result, waste markets have started to transcend borders and that is why common rules are desperately needed.
While the goal – an ambitious one, and important in terms of environmental policy – of changing air-conditioning units over to non-fluorinated gases by 2011 is to be welcomed, it has to be said that it does create problems for small and medium-sized enterprises, and that is why, at first reading, this House adopted a derogation, according to which, if the number of units produced is less than 50 000 per annum, the new arrangements can be introduced two years later – that is, in 2013.
The programme implements this demand, which is why there is no need for pseudo-humanitarian bombast about improving national systems, combating discrimination and so on. The negative experience from the application of similar measures to higher education shows that the integrated programme is here to ram through all levels of education in every Member State.
It is particularly at this highest level of bureaucracy and politics that something must be done, and that is why it is a good thing – I would like to say this here – that, for example, an old case that was closed in 2003 against Mrs Puwak, the former EU minister in Romania, has been reopened, because there was something fishy about that case, to put it bluntly.
There are, though, or so I believe, different hierarchies of problems, and that is why every country will be judged separately.
I also visited Tunisia last month and that is why I put this question, but I would like to say that personally I would like to see more energy and precision in your reply – since the questions were sufficiently precise – what specific measures?
However, what I should like to emphasise is that we believe in the sustainability of the sea, which is why we feel that the five fishing vessels we are asking for is a very small number of vessels which will not cause any imbalance.
I am, however, obliged to recognise that our relationship with the Commission is improving: that is why it seems to me that, this year, we have made further progress in our method of working, precisely in order to execute the budget more effectively.
That is, of course, quite unacceptable, and that is why it is right to do what we are going to do, namely use the flexibility instrument.
The Member States have more responsibilities where research is concerned, and that is why their budgets reflect that.
The EU policy, even on pandemic issues, is to use them for the profitability of big business, which is why they are 'harmful' to the grass-roots classes.
Perhaps that is why you have chosen Hampton Court for the summit tomorrow: Henry VIII was, after all, the first English eurosceptic.
They are not saying – which is why I disagree with Euro-sceptics – ‘we do not want Europe’.
That is why it is vital to negotiate them with the social partners, and to relaunch the social dialogue, with the aims of harmonising rights to the highest level and ruling out social dumping between Member States, and that is why we are in favour of an internal market in services, but against the Bolkestein directive, which is aimed less at an internal market in services than at a weakening of the social model and of services of general interest.
We recognise that the political context in which discussions on future financing should take place would be better served by having had a prior conversation about the future direction of Europe, which is why we have organised the informal Heads of Government meeting tomorrow.
The 2006 budget is the last budget within the present financial perspective, which is why it is additionally unfortunate that the European Parliament should be trying to promote its own positions prior to the forthcoming negotiations by proposing hefty increases.
Both Morocco and the Western Sahara were victims of colonialism, the colonial powers having simply drawn their borders in the desert with a ruler, and that is why the issue is a problematic one, one that can be resolved only through negotiation and mutual agreement.
That is why we stand ready as a partner and as an intermediary; that is why our good offices are at the parties’ disposal.
Moreover, this is far from being a question of law and order or an issue of public safety, and this is why it cannot be remedied using the customary instruments of law and order.
This Commission programme is completely opposed to the ambitions and aims of the workers, which is why their struggles over coming months will escalate for the right to work, for a better standard of living, to defend grass-roots freedoms, for peace and for equality.
I agree and that is why it is so important we get it right.
I will conclude, Mr President: this is why it is essential that each and every one of the chemicals added to cigarettes goes through the centralised registration and authorisation procedure envisaged in REACH.
It is also because the European institutional structure is fragmentary and in need of the integrating influence of a Constitution, which is why interim institutional agreements are required, along with a prudent and lasting organisational effort.
At present we lack effective instruments to deal with cases of this kind, which is why the idea of a fund to tackle the effects of globalisation and restructuring has been mooted.
That is something that I believe we must take into account, and that is why the Austrian Members in the Socialist Group in the European Parliament are seeking a higher contribution towards this power station’s closure costs.
It is clear that the scale of a climate change problem is enormous and that it is pressing, and that is why the UK decided to make climate change a priority for our presidencies of both the G8 and the EU.
I fully agree that this is a vital issue and that is why, in 2006, the Commission will review the agreement with the car industry in order to assess the possibility of reaching the Community objective of 120 g/km by a certain point, having made sure, of course, that we reach the target, voluntarily agreed with the car industry in Europe, Japan and Korea, of 140 mg.
This has entailed a great many new challenges, which is why actions and projects like the Northern Dimension of the European Union are crucial in this context.
That is precisely what people like President Ahmadinejad want us to do, and that is why we must not do it.
The European Armaments Agency, which has been in existence for a year now, is seen by armaments experts as not only promoting the export of weapons, but also as making monitoring and control that much more difficult, and that is why our amendment moves that this agency, which is claimed to be to do with defence, be abolished.
If competition is what it is all about, then that applies also to competition in export markets and that is why this Article 296 must go.
That is why Pascal Lamy told a forum of African ministers last week that this is what is at stake and this is why we have to bid on what is on the table although it is not sufficient.
2005 is the Year of Sport and that is why I urge the Council and the Commission, on behalf of the European Union, to seize the UN Year of Sport and Development as an opportunity to make much firmer agreements on banning the recruitment and abuse of very young footballers.
There is, however, still a lot to be done and that is why my colleague, Mr Potočnik, will soon ask for proposals for further research into the vaccine.
Criminal law is, I stress, a serious instrument of the legal system, which is why criminal legislation – which, as the founding fathers of law teach us, is the final remedy against the offences of individuals – must only be applied when it proves absolutely necessary.
We also fully share the Parliament’s concerns on data retention, which is why the Commission has made a balanced first-pillar codecision proposal.
As for recital Ι, our amendment corrects the vague tone of the text and recalls the infringement proceedings already exercised in accordance with Article 226 of the Treaty and European legislation, as you mentioned Commissioner, and this is why we call on everyone voting in favour of the report to vote in favour of these amendments.
The key message of the European Parliament in response to the proposal of the Commission is to fight against all forms of discrimination, and this is why I am particularly pleased to congratulate Mrs Martine Roure on this report.
First, recycling targets must be realistic and achievable and practical for both retailers and the public, which is why I did not support some amendments tabled by the rapporteur and others.
To this instrument I say ‘yes’; to the arbitrary collection of data I say ‘no’, and that is why I say ‘yes’ to the restricted conditions that we have ended up with.
Finally, as the European Data Protection Supervisor says in his report, the technical difficulties in the application of the measure are insurmountable, and that is why I cannot vote in favour.
That is the truth, and that is why current practices are in urgent need of regulation to ensure that Europeans are better protected.
They are difficult matters, which is why there are differences of opinion, but they are differences of opinion based, I hope, on mutual respect.
Madam President, the EU’s foreign policy is based on the defence of peace, democracy, human rights and the state governed by law, and that is why we attach such importance to the political dimension of the Copenhagen criteria when we negotiate with the new Member States.
This is very important to me, and that is why I have made particular reference to the subject.
We need to go even further than that, Mr Hegyi, and that is why the Commission has developed new initiatives.
This is the goal we must set ourselves, and this is why the idea of a consumer culture is exactly the right place to start in order to demonstrate the need for us to ensure a high level of awareness of consumer rights in all Member States, in order for citizens to be able to demand these rights, which is a prerequisite for achieving this high level of protection in reality.
During the approval process I was happy to accept any amendment proposals that coincided with these aims, and that is why I supported the idea of including statistical regions in the category under Article 87(3)(a) for the provision of relevant state aid to all regions with natural handicaps or disadvantages that make it impossible for them to initiate development, or regions that have for various reasons fallen into the group of poor areas, as well as proposals restricting the destructive relocation of enterprises receiving state aid, and others.
If style is not backed up by political substance, then it is the substance that loses out and must come in for criticism from us, and that is why we hope that results will be forthcoming from what you do in Brussels tomorrow and the day after.
We are, of course, aware, that this is tied in with the agricultural policy, and that is why we are in favour of a review clause with the effect that the whole EU Budget for 2008–2009 would be re-examined, but what we must not allow to happen is for the Central Europeans, who need our solidarity most, to end up footing the bill for the British rebate.
We have never been more isolated, more alienated, more disliked by our European neighbours in our entire history than we are today, sitting here in this Chamber this morning – and I guess that is why Mr Blair has sent you here today to do his dirty work.
He will not want history to see him coming out of a six-month Presidency without a deal and that is why there will be a deal.
That is why we have to find out the truth; that is why we have to do so as loyal friends and allies of the United States, while jealously safeguarding our shared values at all times.
Much as we welcome the US Secretary of State’s statement that the USA would not tolerate torture, that is not proof that people have not been abducted, and that is why we demand information and transparency.
The delaying tactics of the Romanian governing parties is unacceptable, and this is why it is necessary to issue a strict warning to Bucharest.
. I believe this report is a well balanced and thoughtful response to EU fisheries policy, which is why I supported it wholeheartedly.
Money must be made, and that is why clients are needed, so we must start close at home in order to raise awareness and public sensitivity, as well as the visibility of this distressing problem, and to discourage the exploitation of these women and children in our Member States.
Here in Europe, we see a whole generation completing their school education without having learned the fundamentals of the social market economy and world trade, and that is why they are easy prey for campaigns of misinformation and untruths.
When a policy area becomes important to the public, the public’s elected representatives need to be able to have their say about it, and that is why we need to be able to have more influence over the Commission and be able to monitor it more closely.
Spanish ports are self-supplying and self-funding compared to other ports; that is why it is necessary definitively to assess the issue of subsidies to ports, that is, state aid.
That is important for economic reasons, as well as political reasons in terms of aviation, such as safety and security, and that is why I have tabled an amendment on this very topic in readiness for today’s vote.
Having more gas traded within the Community does, of course, presuppose the availability of gas in the necessary quantities and that is why we also have to work at supporting the establishment of liquid wholesale markets.
That makes sugar policy particularly challenging, which is why I have committed myself so deeply to the reform of this sector.
Yet we have reached a compromise, and one should stand by compromises; which is why I would appeal for the adoption of the proposal for a directive in Parliament tomorrow.
Naturally, the EU cannot expand to just any size, which is why the neighbourhood policy may offer an alternative to membership.
Chancellor Schüssel of the Austrian Presidency, who was here this morning, was himself once the secretary-general of an organisation for small- and medium-sized enterprises, which is why he is so familiar with the problems and knows the importance of doing more in this field.
I am fully aware of the tragic situation of disabled persons, a situation that is all the more tragic in the developing countries and especially among the poorest, because I witness these human tragedies very regularly; that is why I am very happy to be speaking to you about it now.
That strikes me as a healthy approach, and that is why we, in the CDA delegation, are enthusiastically supporting this course of action.
This denial of the popular vote is futile, whatever the positions of the various parties: that is why I am pleased that the French socialists, with a few exceptions, abstained.
Although we agree that the Treaty of Nice does not constitute a foundation for the future – and this is why we voted against – we object to attempts at following the path of deeper neoliberalism, federalism and militarism.
The Member States, unfortunately, take a different view, and a much dimmer one, and that is why this evening is mainly intended as a debate with the Council.
However, in order for there to be results, violence must be expressed and that is why confidence in the authorities, in the departments responsible, in the courts, needs to be increased.
The report by Mrs Estrela is especially important and that is why I thank her for her initiative in drafting it, because it is the first report which refers to the gender equality situation in the Europe of the 25.
The Council has chosen to stand in the way of that, and that is why, today, this result gets a ‘no’ vote from me.
In line with the majority opinion as expressed this morning, I am all in favour of updating, modernising and simplifying social security regulations for the benefit of all concerned, and that is why we have to bring that about.
This House does indeed need a resolution on this issue, but it also needs to be given the chance to put a proper resolution together, and that is why we should start the debate now and then follow it up by voting on this resolution at the next part-session.
Animal welfare is part of this and that is why this directive should be put into practice soon.
The proposal starts from the basis that the existing standards for keeping chicken for meat production are indeed very low in parts of the European Union at the present time, and that is demonstrated by painful leg disorders, enlargement of the heart, sudden death syndrome, ammonia burns on feet and so on. I welcome the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development’s proposals, but I still believe there is room for further improvement and that is why I have also signed the amendments tabled by Mr Jørgensen.
Economic and monetary union is a response to globalisation, and that is why the Stability and Growth Pact must be adhered to if we are to carve out the scope for more of the kind.
Certainly, everyone ought to be warned about the dangers of the sun and that is why I am very much in favour of national campaigns.
. – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, by opening up the borders between the European Communities’ Member States and by establishing the four freedoms of the European Union, we, in Europe, have brought into being one of the freest societies in the world, but freedom without security is nothing, and that is why especial significance attaches to the security of the external borders that are thus created to the East, to the Balkans, and across the Mediterranean, the latter with its own uniquely serious problems.
My country, Poland, has the longest external land border of the Union, which is why we welcome the simplification the regulation implies.
This may be ambitious, but it is mainly realistic, and that is why we have decided in favour of effective national objectives combined with viable targets.
The clause has existed for ten years, which is why the rapporteur now thinks it appropriate to evaluate it.
. Mr President, I can assure the House that Frits Bolkestein is alive and kicking, and that is why Martin Schulz is looking so bruised these days!
Greater productivity, more jobs, higher wages, stronger companies: these are all within our grasp and that is why I urge the House to vote to make Europe a dynamic marketplace for jobs and services.
I would agree that health should be taken out of this directive; it should never have been there in the first place, and many of us look forward to a speedy proposal from the Commission on the issues of patient mobility and not service mobility, which is why it should not have been in the directive in the first place.
The argument that liberalisation will mean cheaper services for the peoples does not stand up, given that, with the directive, services will be concentrated in fewer hands and the monopolies will determine quality and prices in keeping with increased profits, which is why we shall vote against the directive.
However, driving down workers’ rights, wages and health and safety measures has no part in creating a dynamic service sector and that is why I will be voting for amendments that exclude labour law and free collective bargaining from the scope of the directive.
I believe that the logic behind this was extremely dangerous, and that is why we have to abandon this strategy of goal-based thinking, as it leads to the militarisation of thought.
Finally, I fully agree with those who underlined the need to work towards European accession in the present or next generation, which is why the Salzburg Communication includes proposals concerning visa facilitation and scholarship schemes.
The situation of citizens of Belarus concerning the independence of the media and freedom of expression is gradually getting worse, which is why we strongly support the establishment of radio network broadcasting from Poland, Lithuania and possibly Ukraine.
However, we need to have rules, and that is why in this report we have set out strategic guidelines to allow Member States to plan their programmes from 2007 onwards.
If the modern-day trade in women is to be effectively combated, then Europol will have to become more involved, and there are of course things that the sporting associations can do; that is why we rely on their cooperation in appealing to the fans to keep their eyes open and do their bit, as they must.
No entrepreneur will move to another location just for the sake of a single grant; he will do it only if the long-term conditions in the new location are right, and that is why these relocation subsidies result in steering effects, which are precisely what we have to prevent in future, for European structural funds are too valuable for that.
Also, the European Union responded to the destruction caused by hurricane Katrina by providing the assistance which it had proposed three days earlier to the competent authorities in the United States, which is why, of course, we also had the relevant favourable mention from the European Council.
Similarly, suitable adaptation is not a problem for small producers, which is why the Commission too has proposed a ban on the use of mercury in these measuring devices.
Technology changes more rapidly than legislation, and this is why I adhered to the basic premise that the strategy proposed in my report should be as transparent as possible, and that technology should be neutral.
As the various committees and rapporteurs have shown, it is very difficult to predict today how the information society of tomorrow will look, and that is why we opted for a broad and ambitious strategic framework, instead of a detailed action plan, because this strategic framework allows for review and adjustments in response to emerging challenges.
We also agree on the need to promote and protect citizens’ rights in the information society and that is why we need to raise the awareness of citizens on how their rights, freedom of expression, privacy, personal data protection and right to receive or communicate information can be exercised in the information society.
It involves strengthening the role of the social partners, who are our greatest asset in dealing with these phenomena, and that is why I would ask you all once again to consider reviewing the European Works Councils directive.
What is new is that the process is happening so much more quickly in today’s globalised world, which is why we must have restructuring as an instrument.
Women are of inestimable value due to their role as mothers, which is why they deserve special consideration and protection.
What I say to that is this: Europe will always be full of creative ferment; we Europeans do not fear challenges – we make use of them, and that is why the European Union has a good future ahead of it.
To sum up, these measures will enable us to react in the most appropriate manner to requests for assistance and this is why I voted in favour of this report.
This view is shared by the Slovak Chamber of Dentists, and that is why I did not vote for the report to be approved.
Particular mention is made of investment in education and lifelong learning, in that participation is stagnant, which is why private initiative is also called on to participate in this.
Attention also needs to be paid to eliminating child poverty and that is why the rapporteur, Mrs Bauer, quite rightly emphasises that the intergenerational inheritance of poverty needs to be addressed by speeding up the Commission's work with a Children's Charter, the objective of which will be to uphold their rights.
We all wish for and are seeking sustainable exploitation of the seas and that is why we all need to move in this direction.
Responsibility for implementing the Lisbon Strategy lies with the Member States, which is why it is important for their contributions to the EU not to be increased.
We all acknowledge that the entire Balkan region remains volatile and potentially unstable, which is why clarity is absolutely indispensable.
Fourthly, Iran, which is second only to China as the oldest great power in the world, is not a monolithic block, and that is why we have to apply a combination of stringency and intense diplomatic effort to dealing with it.
This in turn leads to concrete benefits for European consumers in the form of lower prices and wider choice, and that is why the Commission would look with great concern at any unjustified interference in this process by national governments.
– Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue that we are discussing now, at this relatively late hour, is also a great personal concern of mine, which is why it was important to me to remain here for this debate.
This being the case, it would be a highly dubious business to believe it is possible to buy raw materials at cheaper prices, and that is why we have stipulated and are stipulating that there be a special relationship between the regions in this regard.
As regards consumer protection, I would like to say that it is very important – that is why I would also like to urge you to pay great attention, in Parliament’s motion, which I hope will be accepted as it stands, to the fact that we are especially supportive of consumer protection organisations in particular.
All confirmed the same impression, unfortunately: The EU has responsibilities in Africa and this is why we have adopted this resolution today.
However, some of the solutions also lie outside the European Union, for example the Norwegian oil fields, which is why not only energy policy, but also trans-European networks should transcend the boundaries of the European Union.
This is why an enhanced neighbourhood policy should incorporate energy, and this is why the Polish proposal for an energy pact based on solidarity, and boldly transcending the boundaries of the European Union, should be the subject of more serious discussion at the coming summit.
Commissioner, you are aware of this state of affairs, which is why you brought things forward and published the Green Paper on a common European Energy Policy earlier this month.
I am one of those who believe that this commitment will have the value of being a very powerful political signal to any potential troublemakers and that it will have what we anticipate to be a deterrent effect, and that is why I will be among those giving their support to this operation.
Requests and reminders to the information and telecommunications services have not yielded any results, which is why I feel obliged to speak in this Parliament with reference to Article 10 of the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms.
Political parties help to form the will of the people – in the European context, we should say ‘of the peoples’ – and that is why it is essential that the European institutions should establish the prerequisites and create the conditions for the proper functioning of these European parties.
And this is why: some political scientists, in Lithuania at least, maintain that political parties have lost their ideological foundations and are becoming similar.
It is the most significant by far, which is why I would certainly expect us to try and bring it to a successful conclusion.
In my opinion, this is why the situation is so difficult and why measures have to be considered carefully, because we do not want any steps we take to affect the people, or civil society.
Moreover, inalienable fundamental human rights are respected and supported by the majority of the population, which is why support for the rights of the few must not give the impression of the abolition of the rights of the majority.
It is the competition policy that drives the internal market, and that is why there is a connection between the implementation of the four freedoms using the competition policy or because of it, and the reinforcement – both external and internal – of the single market.
That is why the multilateral trade framework remains of vital importance, particularly in the case of developing countries, and that is why we must make an all-out effort to finish this year’s Doha round on a positive note.
Economic growth will need to go hand in hand with a responsible use of natural resources, and that is why I will support Mr Lipietz’s amendments.
We will not be able to maintain a high environmental standard, we will not be able to maintain high social standards, and we will not be able to maintain a high standard of living if we do not have strong economic foundations that can bear their weight, and that is why we say that growth and jobs are our number one task.
They constitute the hope for radical change against the exploitative policies of the EU and the governments, which is why we are with them.
We in this House have first-hand experience of some impact assessments on amendments; we too have found that the quality varies, and that is why I propose an independent review of them.
To conclude, that is why I think it is important to endow this programme with more substantial, more adequate funding.
Anyone wanting to actively shape the future needs to be aware of his past, which is why action 4, ‘active European remembrance’, is so important.
I know that not everybody is happy and nobody will be completely happy – let me say that the Commission is not completely happy – but it was once again a good demonstration of our commitment and our spirit of partnership, that is why I want warmly to congratulate all negotiators.
It is vitally important that we consider this not only in economic terms but also in the foreign policy context, and that is why it was agreed that the Commission, working jointly with the High Representative, Mr Solana, should produce a strategy paper on the foreign policy dimension of energy policy.
That is what matters most of all, for we are not talking here about the economy in the abstract, but about the people of the European Union, and that is why I am glad that the President of the Council has just had something to say about young people, for the worst thing of all, in fact, is for young people to have nothing to look forward to, and that is a state of affairs that we must do everything in our power to prevent.
The Commission has now made an effort and this is why progress has been made.
My political group does not believe you will and that is why it disagrees with your policy.
We also have to establish that Lukashenko cannot claim democratic legitimacy and that is why it is a good thing that the European Union has taken visible action.
On the one hand, I believe that we in Europe have been implementing a very self-centred policy of in the majority of universities and nursing schools, in order to guarantee employment for our students, without taking account of the fact that the prospects and needs of Europe were going to exceed our capacity to provide care; that is why doctors and nurses from other countries are needed.
What, however, we are concerned with in this case is aid organised by the EU, which is why we have voted against the report in its entirety.
– Mr President, the decision under discussion – about which Mr Wurtz has said everything that needed to be said – was taken because we wanted a debate, but we also, considering among other things Mr Abbas’ forthcoming visit here in Brussels or in Strasbourg, said that it is not proper for us, here today and considering a subject like this, which can potentially have such a great political impact, to come to decisions and put them in the form of a resolution, and that is why we will not be supporting this motion, perfectly plain though it is that the motion is a legitimate one to put to this plenary, which is the highest authority in this House.
However, at the same time we want to find ways and means of providing an opportunity for the help to go on, and that is why I also mentioned that we need an international supervisory mechanism to ensure that any financial contribution really goes to the right places.
Cooperation between the two regions has already reached the stage at which it needs to be institutionalised, which is why I welcome the proposal to set up a Euro-Latin American transatlantic parliamentary assembly to promote and extend information exchange and to provide a proper framework for legislative moves in mutual relations.
Globalisation has levelled out information inequalities, and has hastened the transfer of information, which is why the human aspect of economic relations needs to be intensified.
As you rightly pointed out, it is a Member State competence, so that is why we need the Member States to be even more active.
Consumers do not know whether the claims manufacturers make are true, and that is why this legislative proposal’s stipulation that the health claims which food manufactures make must be scientifically underpinned is so crucial.
In reality, the only way not to make a mistake is to know the full composition of a food or drink product, its sugar, salt and fat content; that is why we need nutrient profiling, real nutrient profiling and not cut-price profiling.
This is the reason why we should all agree with the Council's common position, which is why I continue to support it as a starting position.
We can of course turn round and say that we want all data from now on to have a sound scientific basis, which is what everyone wants, but this legislation will not give it to us, and that is why it is not actually a very good idea that we should adopt it in its present form, and it was not well-advised of the Commission and the Council to submit exactly the same proposal, for a second time, at second reading, for it was Parliament’s first response after first reading that was the basis for further discussion that would achieve our objective.
It was not possible with 15 Member States – which is why Nice needed to be amended and replaced by the Constitution – and we will soon have 27 Member States and still do not have the Constitution.
It must also be clear to us that we have to hold fast to the separation of the powers, and that is why I want to spell it out to the House that anyone who promises, here in this House today, that national models of the welfare state will be transposed to the European level, is trying to hoodwink the public.
. – Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, not even the Committee on Transport and Tourism thinks it makes sense to reinvent the wheel, and that is why we welcome the Commission’s action in consciously flagging up its intention to follow up the success of the Marco Polo I programme by attempting, with this proposal, to continue the approaches that made Marco Polo I successful, and to do so with seamless continuity, which, among other things, means, in particular, ensuring that we will, in time – that is to say, on 1 January of the coming year – be in a position to launch Marco Polo II.
What is to be seen in a positive light is that the programme is markedly better funded and equipped than its predecessors, ranging from PACT 1 to Marco Polo 1, but it has to be said that its funding and equipment are not going to be equal to the challenge of modal shift, and that is why we need, first of all, to be vigilant in ensuring that the projects are, firstly, genuinely cross-border in nature, so as to ensure an added value for Europe, and, secondly, in ensuring that the reduction by half of the minimum threshold values for grants really does put SMEs in a stronger position and increase their share.
You are the umbilical cord that can still take us from conflict to peace, and this is why we are so interested to hear your proposals and to help you to find the way to overcome these difficult times.
At this point in time, another difficult time, we are quite logically looking to Europe, in that our region is open to all options, and that is why we seek and are waiting for Europe to play a leading role in the area.
New discoveries are made, and old truths are re-examined, which is why it is quite inappropriate to use political decisions to force people into behaving in a particular way.
Ill treatment of Romany people, too, continues to offend, which is why the Decade of Roma Inclusion launched by six heads of state and government is so important.
Bulgaria and Romania belong in the EU, but those criteria are important if we want to hold onto public support, if we want the enlargement to reinforce, rather than weaken, the community of values, and last but not least, those criteria are important for the citizens of Romania and Bulgaria, and that is why I would say to Mr Watson, who spoke a moment ago, but also to my fellow countrywoman, Mrs in 't Veld, that adhering to criteria is in fact, not against, but in favour of, enlargement.
More than 80% of companies operating in this area are SMEs, which is why we appreciate the rapporteur’s efforts to ensure equal access to European standards for this group of players.
Something that should play no part in Parliament in future, however, is screening of fundamental attitudes, and that is why we should think carefully about how to do things in future.
We took care that we did not, as we had done in the past, fight to put plenty of money in the Budget lines – as we had done with the last, 700 billion, perspective – only to end up with the actual expenditure totalling just over 550 billion; what matters, then, is the quality of the expenditure, and that is why we insisted on making headway on the Budget Regulation front, making things less bureaucratic, less tangled.
The money must actually be able to flow, and we must be sure that it gets to the right people; that is why it was vital that we should ensure that the Member States, too, paid attention to the quality of each item of expenditure and considered whether it was getting to the right people.
If you were to ask me whether I would like to see more than what we have achieved, I would tell you, without a doubt, that, yes, I would have liked more, but that I know that there are always two, or sometimes three, sides to a compromise, and that is why we were as tough as possible in negotiating, for we were negotiating with people who drive a hard bargain.
The Council stood in the way of much of it, and that is why we cannot go along with it.
The usual practice when a compromise has been reached is to talk about whether the glass is half full or half empty, but that is not the case today, and that is why this so-called compromise will get no support from the Austrian Social Democrats.
This is also the main element of the capitalist system, which is why it is barbaric and inhumane.
People who rely on help from the European Union do so irrespective of the institution, and that is why cooperation between the institutions is so very important.
In fact, its activities often lead to poverty in the Third World, which is why my party wishes to put this aid back in the hands of Member States alone.
Scarcely anybody – least of all we ourselves – knew how to find their way through the thirty rules that we had before, and that is why I think this is a better way for us to go down – which, I hope, we will.
It will only be possible to achieve the aims of the strategic guidelines once there is better transport access, and that is why building transport networks, especially the transeuropean networks, is one of the basic tasks at hand.
Even so, the Solidarity Fund has a long way to go before it is fully developed, which is why we are discussing it.
As far as immediate suppression is concerned, a typical example is fires, where solidarity is needed between the Member States, which is why I believe we need a European civil protection force, as proposed in the Galeote report, which deals with such matters.
This is unacceptable, and that is why we call on all governments in the European Union to depict Europe as it really is – with both its positive and negative developments.
As great democracies, we cannot afford not to fulfil our joint potential, and that is why a Partnership Agreement could be a step in the right direction, so let us take it!
That is what the Commission is pursuing on behalf of Member States and I strongly believe that this report will guide us in these continuing efforts to achieve trade justice in the world, which is why I welcome it so strongly.
The bill for medicinal products need not become unnecessarily steep and that is why – and that is also my final comment – we are looking forward with eager anticipation to the assessment and review of this directive, which will then make evident what the six months’ of patent extension have yielded, what the economic costs are and whether it causes detriment to the industry’s innovative strength.
I am referring to a comment made by Mr Rogalski during the sitting last night, and the reason why I am making use of my right to respond is that Mr Rogalski, who has not hitherto made much of a mark on this House – which is why I had no idea who he was – described me as the fruit of the union of Karl Marx and Rosa Luxemburg, which is, of course, a pretty extraordinary thing to say.
To continue an already prolonged debate without there being any prospect on the horizon of agreement merely sends out the wrong message and raises false hopes, especially for both the citizens and the Member States that need this stockpile today, which is why it is better for everyone to know where they stand and, consequently, each Member State will take its own responsibilities.
We have to present the picture as a whole, which is why it would not be productive at this point to start naming individual Member States.
I noted the paragraph in the report we were discussing earlier today, but the fact remains that at this stage we feel that we already have the structures and mechanisms to take advantage of the knowledge, expertise and experience on both animal and human health, which is why adding one more body at this point would not offer any advantages but might, on the contrary, pose problems.
That does not mean that the other two directives do not offer protection to a certain extent, which is why it is important for Parliament and the Commission to raise the issue with the Member States who are in charge and have responsibility for the implementation of Community legislation.
Caution, then, needs to be the order of the day for the legislator, whether that be Parliament or the Council, and that above all, I believe – and this is why the Treaties, from the outset, leave criminal law in the hands of the Member States – quite simply because the systems of criminal law in Europe are so very, very different, not only in terms of deciding what is a crime, but also in terms of how that crime should be punished.
They are disappointed in Europe; and that is why a European democracy is needed.
Yet it must be based on common values, one of which is respect for human rights, and that is why Guantánamo and the issue of the activities of the CIA are so important to us, why it is so important to us that these issues be on the agenda.
We want more solidarity and a continuously consolidating democracy, and this is why we need the Constitution.
The European Parliament motion for a resolution supports the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the imperialist union and their concession to the plans of the ΕU and a more intensive anti-grassroots policy against their people, which is why the European parliamentary group of the Greek Communist Party will vote against it.
We hope that the general objectives will be supplemented by specific, people-orientated measures, which is why we must be sure to define progress indicators to measure the benefits to man as an undeniable and unique value.
In order to operate on a given line, a locomotive must be equipped with the appropriate system, which is why the Thalys trains need to have seven control systems on board.
People who go out fishing must believe that they will return home safely, which is why we must support modernisation.
Highly bureaucratic regulations are being made behind our backs, which is why I would ask that we avoid adopting them until we can hold debates here on the practices...
It is difficult to imagine another vote on the Treaty as it stands, and that is why it needs new elements, although they must not touch upon its substance.
We do not need a long text – that is why I have always spoken about a Messina-type declaration, because it was a very short, well-written text – but we need a deep reflection and a real debate about the priorities of Europe.
We cannot lead if we are pessimistic, and that is why we need to show Europe a new way of defending our values in a more globalised world.
Incidentally, this is why I cannot accept the consideration of social or environmental protection aspects in the consolidation of financial services or of the financial sector.
One of the most effective measures needs further improvement, and that is why we are now looking at this means of checking the flow of funds.
I personally believe in market instruments, which is why I support the introduction of an adequately developed emission trading system in this area too.
We should also remember that the air transport sector generates around four million jobs, and that is why it is vital to carry out a detailed investigation into the influence of the airline industry on air pollution and the increase in noise levels.
The few outstanding matters have been settled satisfactorily, which is why the Commission supports the conciliation text.
Even in the Libyan desert, therefore, recycling is a real consideration, and that is why I advocated a derogation for these from the outset – which has in fact been laid down in the final resolution.
We do still want to have something to do in the years ahead, however, and that is why we will continue to fight to get it.
In fact, competitiveness and social cohesion can only be seen as joint goals, which is why we are Europeans.
This is simply further evidence of the current fashion for environmental concerns, which is why we voted against.
Financial resources for this programme were pruned considerably during the financial perspective negotiations, which is why the research budget must be implemented in its entirety.
You have had recent experience of the accession process, which is why we are extremely confident that your Presidency will be sensitive to those concerns and problems associated with integration.
It has to comply with data protection legislation, and that is why we want the European Data Protection Supervisor to check without delay that the European Central Bank has respected the laws.
This is the only option that Mrs Carlotti's report completely ignores, and that is why we are going to vote against it.
We need a degree of flexibility if our common objective of renewing the stock of motor vehicles is not to result in discrimination within the European internal market, and that is why we too believe – as a resolution of the Committee attests – that the Commission should additionally produce a study by 31 December of this year about what importance should be attached to factors other than CO2, in order to ensure a compromise.
Obviously the fire brigades need to deal with the consequences of this phenomenon, which is why I wish to emphasise the need for the European Union to support the areas affected.
We cannot change the facts, and that is why it is important to look to the future, particularly that of the developing countries.
We have not yet seen any concrete proposals, and that is why I should like to know: what is, according to the Commission, the impact of the suspension of the WTO negotiations on the developments of EPOs?
This is something the Commissioner has said himself on many occasions, and that is why he has every reason to state that, since those countries should not be at the receiving end of those deals, we should as yet commit to this multilateral trade agreement.
As we all know, if this programme is not applied as broadly as proposed in Mrs Gröner's report, we shall not be able to limit either superficially or materially the phenomenon of violence that is present at all social levels, violence which is spreading its social fabric and constantly extending to the large social groups now facing it and that is why I think that the European Union should step up its efforts.
That is also reflected in the report we are discussing today, and that is why I am in favour of the report by Mr De Rossa and Mr Silva Peneda.
That is why I think today’s debate is important; that is why I think it should be part of the European agenda, even though some may perhaps question it because it is just an own-initiative report on this subject.
Our group has put its heart and soul into bringing this directive about, and that is why it is important that it works well.
Secondly, I think that Member States have been too generous in their recent allocations, and that is why the Directive on emission allowance trading has had too little effect.
In developing countries, there is a need for affordable, effective and, of course, legal medicines, and that is why I should like to mention the scope which generic medicines offer.
The truth is that there is added value for an initiative and strategy at European level and that is why we intend to come forward with a strategy very soon.
Mental health problems know no national boundaries, which is why we can speak of a mental health strategy for the whole Union.
I wholeheartedly endorse Commissioner Rehn’s view that we are not – in financial and personnel terms – prepared for the challenge that will face us from next year onwards, and that is why I beg the Council, as a matter of urgency, to listen to us and to appeal to the Member States to make it, perhaps, possible for us to remedy the situation to some degree through bilateral treaties and the supply of specialised personnel.
I think that the EU’s best foreign policy is usually enlargement policy, and that is why it is very important to keep the prospect of enlargement alive for Kosovo and in the Western Balkans in general.
That is something we have to take into account, and that is why the European Union still needs to be involved there, firstly in building up the police force – something that is very important indeed – and, secondly, in building up the legal system and the administration, for I share Commissioner Rehn’s view that this is where resources need to be made available, but Kosovo’s economic development will be dependent most of all on peace, stability and functioning institutions, and it is to these that our efforts must be particularly devoted.
So, then, no matter how justified our criticisms and irrespective of the need to reinforce democracy and the rule of law, we have to acknowledge that no European people in recent history has had such a tough time of it as it found its way to European structures, and that is why it needs all the solidarity we can offer.
What we need to do, , is to take long-term action to address the problems of dismantled social services and of wage dumping, and, in particular, to become clear in our own minds about the fact that a social model cannot be founded upon part-time working and subsistence wages, which is why we need more people in full-time employment and high minimum standards across Europe.
It is the states in which social security provides a strong safety net – of which Austria is one – that are reaching the limits of their financial viability, and that is why it is vital in terms of the survival of the social model and of any country’s workforce that the transitional periods for the labour market, for workers from the new eastern Member States, be strictly adhered to.
. There are many points Conservative MEPs oppose in this report, such as references to tax coordination and to the Constitution which is why I requested separate roll-calls on these paragraphs to make our position crystal clear.
Nothing can justify any kind of terrorism, and that is why it is our common task to fight against it.
Since enlargement, the EU has become China’s largest trading partner, which is why relations with China are so important to us.
– Mr President, Commissioner, China is now at the heart of the world economy, which is why, through its new trade strategy, the European Union must construct a balanced partnership with China.
Instead, there is a range of economic interests often hidden behind this kind of labelling, and this is why, in order to protect the environment and the consumer, we must proceed with great care and assume our responsibilities as political decision makers.
At the same time, however, the living conditions in these buildings are less than suitable for modern circumstances, which is why many owners see cultural heritage as a burden rather than a source of joy and pride.
We want to know what is being done right now to deal with these two disgraceful occurrences, and that is why we have tabled a written question and want a statement from the Commission and the Council that we can discuss – here in this House, during this part-session here in Strasbourg.
Every human being has the right to clean water and clean air, and that is why more immigrants will be arriving.
It is for that reason, Commissioner, that we expect firm policy to curb air pollution and that is why we are disappointed with the proposals you have put forward.
Conversely, the Netherlands exports an awful lot of pollution, and that is why the Scandinavian countries, Germany and Belgium must be able to count on the Netherlands pulling out all the stops to make the air cleaner.
I know it can be very tricky to negotiate all the difficulties in an issue as sensitive as this, but I think you managed it really well, and that is why we are indebted to you both.
Everyone who has spoken today has mentioned the importance of a clean environment, and that is why this does not just concern car manufacturers, but also the builders of heating systems; it has to do with power-generating plant and with loading systems – with, indeed, a really big and wide-ranging area that has to be addressed.
The industry must come to understand that standards of this kind are ultimately an opportunity for it to sell modern technology throughout the world, and that is why car industries, and the manufacturers of other industrial equipment as well, must realise that these standards present them, today, with an opportunity to develop new technologies and work at research and innovation.
Looking back briefly, let me say that the recommendation on key competences for lifelong learning takes as its starting point the changed state of the world, with a globalised economy in which Europe stands a chance only if we provide our people with better education and training, which is why education policy is meant to be – and must be – an integral part of the Lisbon Strategy.
Being a continent without much in the way of its own raw materials, our chances of having a future in a globalised economy are closely tied up with the resources of education and research; it is in people’s qualities and skills that our future potential is to be found, and that is why the Member States and the European Union must invest more in education and clarify their thinking about what skills are actually needed in a knowledge-based society.
However, these instruments alone are not sufficient, which is why the EQF is an important further step to improve the situation.
A Frenchman, for example, has a different concept of what services of general interest are from a Pole, a Swede or a German, and that is why there must be no single European framework directive on them of the kind that the Socialists want.
The issue is therefore extremely complex, which is why it is so difficult, or even impossible, to come up with a standard response according to the ‘one size fits all’ principle.
As its name indicates, PROGRESS stands for progress and social solidarity, and that is why this House saw it as important that it should be rolled out, as planned, at the beginning of January 2007, and that is what we are, by this vote, going to be able to do, now that the Council has accommodated our wishes.
PM2.5 are the finest particles and the ones most dangerous to the body; that is why the limit should not be more than 12 micrograms.
We believe that this is why we in the Czech Republic have resisted the temptation to impose more humiliating restrictions on them concerning movement, employment and services.
In this respect – even though there are a few more things we should like to change – the rapporteur has certainly been at pains to make it clear that we do want Turkey to take the path towards EU membership, but that is why we shall not dispense with our legitimate demands – including in Turkey’s interests – as the greatest beneficiary of the process of reform is not the EU, but Turkey itself.
We have a duty to remember not only in Europe, but also worldwide, and that is why we have asked for the UN not to delay in sending a committee of international experts on this matter to Turkey.
I think that is why it is very important to have a criterion at Community level to compare the different language teaching methods.
Unfortunately, the euro shares these features with the dollar, though to a lesser extent, and that is why, since its birth, we have had to adopt and adapt many measures aimed at preventing its counterfeiting.
It will be extremely important to make sensible use of financial instruments, which is why the mid-term assessment will play such a significant role.
As President Borrell Fontelles, Commissioner Frattini and now the President-in-Office of the Council have also pointed out, that is why it is not just a case of a humanitarian emergency or a one-off event; above all it is a structural problem, which is testing the whole European Union and its ability to implement a European immigration policy at last.
We still do not know, and that is why I shall continue to advocate over-arching texts that enable us to put subsidiarity on a firmer footing.
Madam President, even if we speak frequently about gender inequality issues, the role of women in international trade is neglected, and that is why I would like to congratulate the rapporteur because she raised that very important issue, which is very rarely debated.
These costs have suddenly been exacerbated by the steep rise in the cost of fuel, which is why the proposed solution of reducing fishing effort and adapting – in other words, cutting – the fleet will not solve the problem.
We do not want our fishermen to drown; that is why they must have new, safe engines for their protection.
What we, in this House, asked you to do was to make improvements; that is why we have put forward only a working paper rather than a report.
Organic products are starting to guarantee a better diet, which is why they have been growing over recent years and quite right too.
If consumers see the potential gain as greater than the potential damage, then they will use the technology; that is what is absolutely crucial, and that is why people need to be able to have the information on the basis of which they can come to their own decisions.
I agree that the intellectual property issue, IPR, is also important and that is why it has received special attention in the action plan.
There are particular dangers in this alliance, and that is why Iran is under a special responsibility to clear the decks once and for all and get stuck into some proper negotiations.
Atomic warfare is threatened not only by the USA, but also by Jacques Chirac, and that is why this issue has to receive serious consideration, and why Mr Brok is wrong to imply what he did.
Europe is the continent that must lead, and give good example, in this area, and that is why you are quite right to say that our policy on innovation must give priority to innovation in energy.
The agencies that I mentioned earlier also form part of this process, which is why it is impossible not to refer to them.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that the most honest opinion we can express is that we have agreed to blackmail, since unfortunately Europe has in this matter been subjected to blackmail by the United States; that is to say, the US is dealing with single Member States and airlines, which is why we have in practice been coerced into concluding the agreement in question.
It is, of course, a political process, which is why the European Commission should keep the European Parliament informed.
All animals are living beings, as I have already said, and that is why I should like, in retrospect, to thank Mrs Jeggle most sincerely once more for her report.
And that is why we have commissioned another piece of external comparative research to look at the EU property services market - selling and buying property.
As regards the final point, I know that Commissioner Fischer-Boel, who is not present today, was rather sceptical about this, which is why it may be worth considering the introduction of a regional system of payments for growing berries for processing.
So that is why I ask Mrs Gál to continue her excellent work.
We are aware of the responsibility we owe to a project as demanding as the enlargement of the Schengen area, which is why we on the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs adopted the legal bases virtually unanimously - that is, with a large majority.
You can take it as read that this process will not work on the basis of an agreement being reached at international level and Parliament being left with no option but to adopt it; that is why there needs to be close dialogue between Commission and Parliament.
I repeat that one of our top priorities is to safeguard suitable funding for Natura 2000 and that is why I particularly value Parliament's support on this issue.
The price of the lack of a unified and effective Europe when it comes to crisis management is very high, which is why we need to proceed more effectively and with greater coordination.
Today, it is undisputed claims that we are discussing, and that is why this first step is so important.
But many Member States do not class breast cancer as a disability, which is why we need a definition of disability.
We share together the great problem of how we get people not only to accept Europe, but also to be enthusiastic about it, and that is why, far from cutting back on these programmes, we should be investing more in Europe's future.
It is a key to many more answers in life than are possible without education, and it empowers individuals and societies to seek a better economic, social, cultural and political future; and that is why I am sure that an integrated lifelong learning programme could provide many new opportunities in quantitative and qualitative terms, because when we see it in combination with what we are doing in Europe all together, it means much more than just a programme.
I would like to finish by repeating what Mr Takkula said, i.e. that culture forms the basis for our societies, which is why we defined the legal base for this programme in combination with the culture-related Article 151 of the Treaty.
That is why Europe is failing and that is why we need more, not less, Europe.
(NL) Mr President, as non-attached MEPs, we have not had the opportunity to express our criticism or add anything to the texts, and that is why we have been unable to vote in favour of either of the present resolutions.
The Muscardini report is, however, redolent of protectionism, which is why I voted against it in today's vote.
What Russia wants, now as in the past, is for its policy of dominance to be carried on in the shadows, and that is why I, too, find it regrettable that this report is being held after the summit rather than having been held before it, as we had wanted.
In the Council, all the Member States must establish what the situation is and what the problems are of families moving with children; that is why I put this question to the Council, in knowledge of the Treaties and the new Commission communication.
The results appear promising, and that is why I should like to ask you to table a sound proposal when the directive is reviewed.
We are talking about sustainable development when we refer to inland waterways' potential to help reduce the impact of CO2 emissions by up to 75% compared to roads and also - and this is why it is so important - to promote this inland waterways network at European level and to support new formulae so that this sector can be more competitive and efficient.
I should like to urge the Commissioner not to create any confusion between, on the one hand, attempts to simplify administration, which receives our wholehearted support, and, on the other hand, question demands that are necessary for monitoring and control; that is why we maintain, Commissioner, that Member States must retain the right to demand that representatives be appointed by the firms in question, but also to place demands in connection with documents and registration systems.
At first sight, the Posting of Workers Directive would appear to have little to do with the protection of consumers, but I am sure that just how much the two are connected will become clear when we gain a sense of perspective, for the consumer's interest is no longer only in the quality of the goods themselves, and that is why, today, consumers are protected against imported goods produced using child labour.
The European Parliament must bear its responsibility with regard to the social protection of workers, and that is why I support the Schroedter report.
There is no statute of limitations applicable to such crimes, and that is why we must leave no stone unturned in bringing those responsible for them to account rather than turning a blind eye and moving on to the next item on the agenda.
Those who want to strengthen the European economy need to ratify the constitution and endow the Commission with the necessary powers; that is why we favour a strong euro on world markets and a single voice in the IMF, along with a European foreign minister to enable the European Union to carry some global clout.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (PL) Mr President, the marine environment has faced various threats for a long time now, which is why a far-reaching marine strategy is a necessity.
Overall progress towards good environmental status must be shown, however, which is why the Commission has proposed the idea of 'achieving good environmental status'.
Now we have reached the quarterly investment stage where cash has to be recouped fast, and that is why there is no long-term perspective.
Today's proposal will be yet another blow to the cumulative and major problems of farmers, which is why we reject it.
What people need is real projects and initiatives; that is why we have to address the real issues.
Although the directive in its final form does not correspond entirely to my original idea of the liberalisation of services in the EU internal market, it will still bring added value to all stakeholders, and this is why I voted in favour of it.
I am generally an optimist, and that is why I think that it will contribute to cutting red tape, increasing economic growth and creating new jobs.
Indeed, that is why I have voted in favour of this report.
The Baltic strategy has highlighted these dangers, and that is why I would like to thank Alexander Stubb for his report.
We will be able to achieve that only through our strong position within what is termed the West, and that is why we must also make it our concern to strengthen our links with NATO.
We all know that the Treaty of Nice, quite rightly, outlaws any freestanding military budget for the EU; that is why attempts are being made to resurrect the deceased EU constitutional treaty, for as it says, 'stresses the importance of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, which will bring about major progress towards a Security and Defence Union'.
The report presented this in a well-balanced manner, and that is why we will gladly support it in tomorrow's vote.
Since there is hardly likely to be, in future, much support for increased military expenditure, we need to make more efficient use than hitherto of the means and resources at our disposal, and that is why the European Security and Defence Policy needs common standards, shared research and development and a single system of procurement.
It is to this road that this report points, and that is why it is not only courageous, but also forward-looking in the interests of a secure Europe for its citizens.
We must, whatever we do, rule out the risk of this measure being undermined, and that is why I urge you to support the amendment which I, along with the rapporteur, have submitted to that effect.
It is the EU's fault that this or that decision went the wrong way; there, too, there is a need for action, and that is why - just as the report demands - it is important that dialogue among the Council, the Commission, Parliament, and the public, be encouraged, for with it, perhaps, we might stand a chance.
The country is also beset by many other problems, which is why I wholeheartedly support the Commission's decision to send an Election Observation Mission and to ask the European Parliament to do the same.
author. - (DE) Mr President, you may well be surprised to learn that I agree with much of what Mr Strož had to say in this speech, but such is indeed the case, for I do believe that we have to paint a very nuanced picture of Iran, and that is why we have drafted a very wide-ranging and exhaustive resolution, as evidence, on the one hand, of how very concerned we are about the situation there, and also of how seriously we take that country and how important we believe it to be.
These are things on which they are perfectly entitled to decide for themselves, but safety is not bounded by national borders, and that is why the Joint Research Centre must ensure that the necessary know-how is available at European level.
That has not been done; this is why I am expressing a critical judgment.
(FR) Mr President, research cannot be conducted without people, and that is why the research professions are becoming more and more important and why we support the creation of a genuine European research area.
That is particularly true where the criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia is concerned, and that is why we shall refer to the case of Mr Seselj every time that the issue of human rights is raised in this House.
This decision by the Portuguese Government is, in our view, a questionable one, as it runs counter to the spirit of the Council regulation governing this form of public service obligation, which is why I have brought the matter to Parliament's attention.
We should like this matter to be clarified and the situation changed, which is why we have brought it to the Commissioner's attention.
There are various camps in this world, and that is why the debates we have held on the White Paper over the last three years have always been controversial.
This was confirmed by the Court's decision; this is why the Commission cannot accept Amendment 1 which would seriously undermine this principle.
In such cases, the exact percentages will be given; this is why we do not consider it necessary to adopt the amendment that overrules this provision, therefore the Commission cannot accept Amendment 4.
Those new Members will not have our expertise in this matter, and that is why I would have preferred to have seen a review within the lifetime of this Parliament.
Perhaps the news has reached even the United Kingdom that groundwater does not stop at national borders, and that is why we have the task of enacting regulations applicable to Europe as a whole.
Television often gives rise to superfluous needs, and advertising thus becomes a conveyor belt of induced needs: that is why we need to do more to protect the weak members of society, in particular children.
There is no question of our freeing ourselves of our obligations: that is why we declare ourselves in favour of doing away with the reserves.
A new financial framework plan will come into force in 2007, various programmes will be relaunched, which is why only a small disbursement will be required.
It is perfectly possible that this might happen, but only time will tell, which is why we are constantly analysing developments in the labour markets in the EU and its Member States.
Rapid, effective help is required in these areas, which is why I welcome this new fund, in addition to the existing funds.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (NL) Mr President, where the improvement of air quality is concerned, I should like to see a few swift steps made in the right direction; that is why an agreement at first reading on new emission standards for cars is to be welcomed.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly I wish to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Groote, who comes from the car-making country of Lower Saxony, a German province where many cars are manufactured, which is why he has taken the trouble to consider the industry's point of view as well.
Moreover, this enlargement forces us to consider the EU's internal functioning before we launch into another round; this is why the subject of the EU's integration capacity is once again on today's agenda.
Europe is going into Turkey, which is why it is not Europe but Turkey that is setting the terms.
The problem we have is not so much with the public or with the candidate countries as with the European elites, and that is why I urge Mr Brok to take as his model that great European Helmut Kohl, who had the courage to bring home to the public the importance of a broader and deeper EU.
If one continues to add bedrooms on the first and second floors, one will need to reinforce the foundations, and that is why it is very important that Parliament should now speak out so emphatically in favour of introducing a new treaty before the next enlargement round.
(DE) Mr President, in contrast to one of the earlier speakers, I regard enlargement as an instrument not of external policy, but rather of European domestic policy; that is why the process of enlarging the EU must not be allowed to burst the bounds of Europe through the accession of a large country like Turkey, which is either only partly European or not European at all.
It might well be described as a leftover - de facto rather than de jure - of the enlargement process that we are currently completing, and that is why I will resist all attempts at interpretations that would make Croatia - as Mr Horáček so rightly said - a hostage to the constitutional process.
I would like it, instead, if, when the Commission hands over this text to the Council, these linguistic contradictions were removed: that is why I would like them to be recorded in our Minutes and to be taken into account, because every word counts in such an important matter as this.
A number of studies have demonstrated that people are watching fewer advertisements, on the grounds that they can change channel and this is why advertisement breaks are increasingly shown at the same time across the various channels.
We in Finland are in the habit of reminding ourselves that you first have to create prosperity for it to be shared, and that is why there was so much attention paid to innovation and competitiveness policy during the Finnish presidential term.
It was done in a spirit of trust, which is why very little information on it was or is being made public, because the intention is for the German Presidency to be able to continue the work, based on our analysis, and then produce a report for the European Council.
There is also another side to this: motorcyclists and moped riders are right in believing that car drivers own the roads, which is why the latter would prefer to ban the two-wheelers from them.
For all these reasons, SIS II remains the objective for our European area of security and freedom of movement, and that is why, in line with the rapporteur's position, we are asking for an extension to the Commission's mandate so that we can continue to develop SIS II.
Consequently, the creation of SIS II has to be a priority for us, and this is why we worked so hard to achieve the adoption of the legal basis of SIS II at first reading - and, having worked closely with Parliament on this objective throughout the process, Mr Frattini is an eyewitness to this.
Energy mix is up to Member States, but let us be sensible and acknowledge that the energy mix in one country will affect others, and that is why we need targets on cutting CO2 emissions by 30% by 2020.
The costs of producing ethanol are EUR 25 per hectolitre in Brazil, EUR 35 in the United States and EUR 45 in the European Union: that is why we are suggesting that it would be advisable to set, for a specified period, an acceptable level of penetration of bioethanol imports into the EU that can be reconciled with the gradual development of Community production, in line with the European sustainable development strategy.
In this context, there is great potential particularly in cities, which account for more than 70% of energy consumed, and this is why the Commission must initiate genuine dialogue with cities in particular, but also with autonomous entities and their associations.
Firstly, it is now clear that our problems in Europe are based on threats to our oil and gas supplies, which is why the initiatives of the Commissioner, the European Commission and the Council of Europe concerning intensive dialogue with the partners who supply our oil and gas are worthy of support.
The EP considers 'freedom of thought' to be primarily in those who espouse and serve imperialism; that is why it mainly rewards 'personalities' or 'organisations' which promote imperialist barbarity.
Nevertheless, Turkey, too, must honour its commitments, and that is why the path taken by the Presidency and Parliament together at the suggestion of the Commission is a good one.
That is exactly what must not happen, however, and that is why, Mr President-in-Office and Mr President of the Commission, the issue of social justice must be a top political priority.
We will have to fight - peacefully - to make those reforms happen, and to that I would add that this Europe of ours has a chance of a future only if we affirm our values; that is why the values on which we agreed in Part II of the Constitution matter, and, together, we must put them into practice.
We want to replicate these positive results in passenger transport, and that is why we want to see networks opened up for European passenger transport, too.
At the forefront is the right of all citizens to transport, but passengers can only assert their rights if they know what they are, which is why information is a necessity.
The basic conclusion is that, within this framework of the exploitative system which operates on the basis of profit for capital, this social requirement cannot be satisfied by the monopolies, which is why radical change is needed.
We have to face the fact that the lifestyles that we have developed in a world with 8 to 9 billion people goes beyond the carrying capacity of the globe, and that is why we have to take a systematic approach that brings us back onto a normal, sustainable path.
My fellow Members have undoubtedly come across similar examples, and that is why we would like to ask the Commission how the SMEs can be guaranteed better access to procurement contracts.
The issues concerned should instead be dealt with at national and regional levels, which is why we chose to abstain in the vote.
That is, in principle, the case, but the President does of course regard the consent of the majority in this House as important, especially when dealing with such thorny issues, and that is why the Conference of Presidents ended up, in agreement with him, deciding as it has done.
People are still working very hard on step two, and that is why women are still seeing little in the way of practical improvements to date, although the government is committed.
There are huge cultural as well as religious and moral differences between the two societies, which is why it would be more relevant to give Turkish women the tools to resolve their own problems in their own way, rather than imposing a mindset and solutions on them that are alien to their traditions and culture.
The most recent experience gained in the combating of violence against women indicates just how important it is that such public bodies as the courts, the administration, the police or the health authorities should be involved in it, for, here too, a change of thinking is urgently needed; it has been a too frequent occurrence that women seeking protection have been turned away by the authorities and fallen victim to domestic violence, and that is why we are urging the Turkish government to afford women affected by violence all the protection they need and, where public institutions fail to protect its victims, to set in motion a judicial inquiry and cause those responsible to be prosecuted.
Even the Constitutional Treaty does not fully answer these questions, and that is why I believe the debate must go on.
It would be foolish to believe that climate protection works without anyone noticing, and that is why that erroneous belief must be abandoned.
That not only defeats totalitarianism, it defeats all ills which face humankind today and that is why your idea of a cultural dialogue, of an understanding of different faiths and traditions is so important for the future development of Europe.
It is evident from the Strategic Energy Report, which the Commission presented in January, that only an energy policy that addresses all three points of this triangular objective will be equal to the challenges that face the EU, and that is why we are pushing for a bundle of measures without which - being taken together - the desired effect will not be forthcoming.
We have the issue of security and stability in the Balkans, where, although the European Union could not do very much at the beginning of the 1990s, today we can, and that is why we have the responsibility.
We can contribute to the discussion about reducing the greenhouse effect more than anyone else and that is why we need to do it, but we need to do it wisely, securing the opportunities for growth and investment and high-tech, because otherwise we will not be able to meet the challenges of climate change when it comes.
This is not guaranteed in the Constitutional Treaty, which is why I am making a personal appeal to the German Presidency not to adopt the credo that is so fashionable in this House, of 'the Constitutional Treaty or death'. This credo will do a lot of harm to the European Union, particular as regards regulatory and economic policy.
That is old thinking of a kind that is not equal to coping with the efficiency revolution that lies in store for our businesses. It is that old thinking that got many of us into the dead end of nuclear energy, a dead end from which we need to escape, and that is why we need to argue and debate more with one another.
That is also what we see in Europe and that is why we have to build confidence and remember that the Lisbon Strategy - the jobs and growth strategy - is also about fighting social exclusion and poverty; fighting poverty in Europe as well, improving quality of work, investing in education, building civic competence and investing in people.
My apologies to the Chair for being more lengthy than usual, but this is a very important issue which is the focus of huge attention in all the regions of Europe and that is why I took the liberty of speaking for a little longer than usual.
Therefore, if we are to take account of this situation while being fair and impartial, that is why the Socialist Group has tabled an amendment seeking to take account of radio spectrum efficiency, the balance between respect for public broadcasts and respect for State broadcasts on safety, also the role of regulators and the role of business.
However, the Lisbon process must be regarded primarily as a national matter, which is why it is unfortunate that Parliament is getting involved in a number of areas that it is for the individual Member States to decide on.
Putting this in place is often a slow business, particularly if we consider the internal policy aspect of our shared security problem, which is still arranged between the states, and that is why implementing the positions of the individual Member States can sometimes be very laborious.
All these things have to be done in accordance with the rule of law and with respect for our values, for, if we surrender the latter, the other side will have won, and that is why we have to take our values and the rule of law as our shield.
Khartoum knows that Europe is all bark and no bite and that is why today we are calling for new, strong, economic, legal and military measures.
Of course, there are many other steps that could be taken, which is why we are asking for the fight against illegal fishing to be one of the priorities of the annual work programme of the Community Fisheries Control Agency.
In this context too, we must be sure that our own house is fully in order, which is why we repeat Parliament's previous requests for common minimum penalties for serious infringements to be made applicable across all the Member States.
Indeed, this has no place in a Directive concerned with company law, as matters such as this belong in contract law, which is why the Council and Parliament subsequently agreed to deal with it in a separate recommendation, a separate legal act.
This process should be encouraged, which is why the Commission recommendation on the directive deserves our support today.
There can be no justification for terrorism, and, in fighting it, we can allow ourselves no weakness; that is why we need a strong and united Europe.
We do not believe that an enterprise's culture can be imposed from above or standardised by legislation, and that is why the Commission has been unwilling to take a decision in favour of proposing a regulation on CSR or the standardisation of it at European level.
This is why I consider Richard Howitt's report to be important, and this is why I hope that it does not sink under arguments over formalities, but will develop its role within the European social model of CSR.
Businesses have a social responsibility; that is why there are thousands of rules, at the European level and in the Member States, compelling companies to discharge their responsibility to society.
That is inherently contradictory, and the Commission really did want to put this debate behind it, and, for once, to see real progress being made; that is why, last year, we encouraged European businesses to get this Alliance for CSR up and running.
Let there be no doubt about the fact that we too want equal opportunities, for we, too, are persuaded that Europe has a great deal to do in that area, and that is why our group has voted unanimously in favour of Mrs Sartori's report.
Mr President, Commissioner, honourable Members, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and of the means of delivering them has the potential to present what is perhaps the greatest risk to international security, and that is why the European Union, in its comprehensive strategy for combating them, which dates back to 2003, stressed that, in this area, the best way of maintaining security and international order was a multilateral approach combining disarmament and non-proliferation on an equal footing.
While the European Union and NATO have their parts to play in this, so, too, do others - Russia, for example - and that is why we, when we talk about disarmament initiatives - about which I shall have more to say in a moment - have to ask ourselves whether Russia is our partner or our adversary.
Fundamental to any review of the Treaty is the intention to be faithful to it; that is why a primary condition for the renewal of the Treaty is that those who sign it abide by it, and the United States of America have not been alone in failing to do that.
We also, alas, cannot fail to see that the review conference has, for the moment, proved abortive, and that is why this preparatory conference in Vienna is so important.
We are told, for example, that these Iranian rockets are already capable of reaching Southern Italy and Greece, and that is why we have to have a general debate on the question of whether this sort of system is needed, for if it is, it is we, Europeans, who need it just as much.
Whilst the average hours worked by men increases in line with the number of children they have, women who are also mothers reduce the number of hours they work, and that is why we, at Member State level, must endeavour to arrange things so that equality for women and men at work may improve and to get the conditions for them right.
It has to be said, though, that there are special cases in which there is no such freedom of choice, because the specialised care facilities are not there, and that is why it is important, as has been said by the Commission, by you in your speeches and also by the presidency, to hold fast to this goal when there are so many different aspects to be considered.
We consider it possible to open our eyes and to open up our perspectives, and that is why we believe in this cooperation in the European project.
The European Union has not been able to fulfil its ambitions, and that is why the Euro-Mediterranean integration process is now becoming the EU's new policy and its political priority.
Now, it seems as though, all of a sudden, we want to make up for lost time, which is why this project was probably too ambitious.
These represent unequalled potential value, which is why the Commission must support projects for renewable energy sources and energy security.
Despite recognising the structural disadvantages from which islands suffer, the strategy adopted has been inconsistent, and that is why we approve of certain proposals emphasised in this report, such as an increase in the Community cofinancing rate on the basis of existing eligibility criteria, or flexibility in authorising State aids to the regions concerned, so as to alleviate the costs of fuel, transport and energy in a way that discriminates positively in favour of these regions.
It is indeed vital and that is why the Commission takes the view that full structural unbundling of energy markets is the best solution to the problems of concentration and foreclosure of new entrants we have experienced in these markets.
In order to do this, we need to have the relevant information and statistics needed and that is why we have asked for an independent study to be carried out.
Day in and day out, we are asked again and again just how we propose to put flesh upon them, and that is why I was so very moved by the way in which today's sitting of this House began with a strongly worded statement by it and its Members on what is happening in Zimbabwe.
It is by such practical points as these that people judge us, and that is why I am very glad that we have been able to make progress on these fronts, and I hope that we will make further concrete progress before the end of our Presidency.
I am quite certain that emerging economies and developing countries will join us only if the industrialised countries set ambitious targets together, and that is why we will canvass support for this.
These things would return to our Union with undiminished force if we were to wreck the process of integration, and that is why the cry to arms goes up to those who - under our President of Council, Mrs Merkel - are fighting for the continuation of the process of integration and for a deeper Union, to those who dedicate themselves to Europe's values, the values that have made us strong and an example to others, for we cannot allow a situation in which the Commission, when negotiating with other states, says to them: 'You, if you want to join the EU, must put yourselves through a process of transformation, a process that nullifies everything by which you were governed up to now, but we ourselves - the ones who are demanding this of you - are not able to reform ourselves'.
We do indeed see this constitutional project as a cause and a project that is meant to make Europe as a whole more democratic, and that is why we believe the catalogue of fundamental rights, to which reference has been made, simply must be part of it.
Everyone knows, though, that one of the things about democracy is that not everyone finds their views reflected in what comes out of the end; there are times when these things can be done only in parallel, and these things cannot all be reported on at the same time, but I do nevertheless believe that the public should be let in on what is now at stake, and that is why I have a request to make of your House.
Investment is needed for the benefit of a young, unemployed population, and this will only be provided once the status issue has been resolved, once legal certainty exists - which is why we have to concentrate on justice and home affairs - and once the country is at peace and has good neighbourly relations with Serbia.
Secondly: we need to escape the institutional limbo that arose after 1999, and that is why we should support the report by Martti Ahtisaari and the position - which we hope will be unanimous - to be adopted by the Europeans within the United Nations Security Council.
It meets important social and educational needs, and this is why we underline in this report the specificity that we simply cannot get round.
I am convinced that football can provide the basis for development and self-fulfilment, which is why I am pleased by the points included in this report which talk about the need to support clubs that provide young people with the right conditions both for training and for learning.
The financial guarantees should be reliable and accessible, which is why we are proposing that public authorities check, a priori, that the insurance cover is sound and why we are stipulating that victims should be able directly to address insurers, in order to invoke their rights.
However, the patients also deserve the right to have the safest, best products available, and that is why I tabled an amendment on subsidiarity, to make sure of that again.
What we are fighting about is the prevention of suffering, and that is why I should like to congratulate the Presidency of the Council, for I know, Mr Schroeder, that you too have done the seemingly impossible, and that is why I find so much of the hysteria, indulged in by the Greens in particular, quite incomprehensible.
My conscience tells me that I do not have the right to do that, and that is why I say to you that the only way in which we can handle this issue is to do as is suggested here, that is to say, to allow those with ethical objections to act accordingly and to allow those without them to do whatever they want to do within the bounds of that which will be permitted by the regulation, which - heaven knows - will not allow everything.
There is no use fiddling with the legal consequences unless we also work on the definitions; that is what we must do, that is why this directive is a first step, and that is why I do not quite see the point of the criticism.
By the same token, the consumer must gain considerably more awareness, and this is why I have tabled an amendment to introduce the concept of the intentional handling of counterfeit products, which means that if a consumer deliberately buys products that are too cheap, they should know that they are buying counterfeit products and by doing so, prevent our society from working properly, and also hamper our economy.
I think we will not know where we stand until four years from now, and this is why I am very much in favour of these four years.
The Belgian Government has failed to deliver in this respect, and this is why I, in this resolution, would urge them to make amends, because this would be a shot in the arm for our negotiators, the President of Parliament and the Vice-President responsible for buildings policy.
Nor must we think only of the projects connecting North and South, for Europe needs to grow together, and that is why the East to West rail projects also need to be modernised, for many of those lines are still as they were in the last century, in the age of steam locomotives.
Galileo is the first Community infrastructure, and this is why the European Parliament is following it with great interest.
There is no doubt that it, despite certain defects, has, in many respects, achieved greater progress in its preparations for accession than have certain Member States, and that is why we have to put our own house in order and put the European Union in a position to be able to welcome Croatia without delay.
Becoming a democracy also involves engagement with the past, and that is why we have submitted an amendment relating to the thorough and non-partisan examination of the crimes against humanity committed in the course of hostilities, many of which have gone unpunished.
Our relations with neighbouring Croatia are very well developed, which is why I look forward to the moment when our colleagues from Zagreb will be able to join us in this Chamber as observers.
... and that is why this Parliament has to be uncompromising.
Obviously any debt which exceeds this level can be deemed unconstitutional, which is why I would support the amendment put forward by the ALDE Group, to define the limit in this way.
That is why we need this debate; that is why we need this resolution.
This is why we must be vigilant, and this is why the kidnapped journalists must be freed.
These acts make it more difficult for those of us who have always supported the Palestinian cause to persuade people of the validity of the argument, and that is why it is completely self-defeating and betrays the Palestinian people, who continue to suffer.
Terrorism is the child of fundamentalism, which is why it is vital for Europe and the Arab States to work together to beat this scourge of the 20th century.
This is an innovative view that must take into account - and this is why I am speaking of it - the role of the local authorities.
How we deal with this proposal is therefore extremely important and that is why the European Parliament has stated clearly that simply doing away with all of the regulations in this sector could lead to difficulties, particularly for people with disabilities, especially the partially sighted.
If this is not allowed, then it tells us that the Treaty is not working, and that is why it needs review and attention.
Well, I wish to inform you that this is a political institution, which is why we are approaching the European Commission to help us achieve that solution.
We are fighting for a high standard of modern public transport, with cheap tickets, which will serve the needs of the working and grassroots classes, which is why we voted against this EU regulation.
It really is high time that the Member States were not left alone to handle safety issues, because safety and the protection of health are matters of concern to Europe as a whole, and that is why the delegation has decided to endorse these demands.
This is what this report is aiming at and that is why it receives my full support.
Other decision-makers will reap the benefits of what may be a successful policy, which is why decisions made in this field should be far-sighted.
That is at the heart of what we have to do, and that is why, as we have said, these are not commercial services, and the services directive must therefore not apply to them.
Health has a public utility mission and that is why it must meet a series of criteria such as quality, accessibility, universality and solidarity.
Under the LIFE+ Regulation, the only projects funded will be those highlighting exemplary practice or conducting demonstrations relating to the management of Natura 2000 areas; that is why it is necessary that appropriate funding be guaranteed for the management of the Natura 2000 networks, and it is the Commission and the Member States that will have to do this.
This new programme will allow the Commission to strengthen its actions to combat violence and that is why - and I am very grateful to the rapporteur, Mrs Gröner - I agreed from the very beginning to keep the Daphne project separate from any other European programmes, for example the one dealing with drugs.
I agree with Mrs Saïfi that this has to be a results-driven process, which is why I attach importance to proper reporting as part of an effective aid-for-trade monitoring and reporting pillar, both in respect of what we do in the EU and in relation to the WTO.
This needs new rules fit for a globalised world, and this is why I am so keen that EPAs address issues such as competition policy, public procurement and trade facilitation.
As a whole, my group was satisfied with the tone and balance of the point, which is why we have not tabled any amendments.
Although Parliament has made some improvements on the Commission's text, it rejected most of the proposals tabled by our group, which is why we abstained from the final vote.
Anyone who saw or heard the American President could be in no doubt that we need one voice for the European Union, and that is why we thank you for your clarity in your speech today.
We know that it is a complicated situation, and that is why I said that I see at least some positive hope in the fact that Foreign Minister Livni will attend the next Council meeting after the very positive meeting we had with the Arab League, but on the ground I agree that the situation is very difficult, and, besides all this, it is also those factions and those different radical groups that are outside the Government that would like to jeopardise the whole process.
So we are not speaking here about forcing dominant players to sell off part of their businesses, as has happened in other parts of the world - for example in the United States with AT[amp]T. We would not like to go in that direction, and that is why I am talking about 'the European way'.
This is another example of the 'market' clearly not protecting users and consumers, and this is why regulation is needed.
The report is balanced and all the accents are in the right places, which is why I fully support its adoption.
As I said earlier, the symbolism of a constitution plays an important role in the 'no', and this is why the Netherlands has argued in favour of a change to the treaty, as was the case with Amsterdam and Nice.
Together, we must fight the degrading spread of illegal migration, which is why we need a strong and decisive European Union, a Union that enjoys the trust of those who live in it.
The last aspect refers to demilitarisation and that is why we have tabled Amendment 55 together with Mrs Lambert.
There are elections today in most of Mr Chávez's closest allies - Iran, Byelorussia, Zimbabwe - it is simply that opponents of the regime find it hard to contest those elections, and that is why we should be so alarmed by the harassment and expropriation of Mr Chávez's critics.
Commitment to Syria and friendship with it also imply, however, that we do not mince our words when fundamental rights are violated, and that is why I take a critical line on, and indeed denounce, the political repression under which all the opposition, of whatever tendency, currently labour.
On the same subject, we should also refer to the difficulties faced by the Aegean islands, which is why they need to be treated with a certain degree of flexibility.
Firstly, I appreciate the need for monitoring and reporting, and that is why we are in agreement with Parliament on this.
Substantive changes are explicitly exempted from the codification, which is why I broadly welcome the agreement on a fast procedure.
This is why I sympathise with my fellow Members from Poland, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania; this is why I have signed and voted in favour of the amendment demanding that there be a strict definition of vodka, which would regard grain, potatoes and, potentially, sugar beet molasses as the only acceptable raw materials.
We are, nonetheless, obviously sensitive to this argument, and that is why the Commission has invited the Member States to establish, by the end of the year, a national schedule showing the budget increases that will allow the Member States to achieve their development aid objectives by 2010.
The pain is real, the pain is desperate, and that is why people have looked to us.
As the Commissioner is aware, the defence procurement market accounts for a large share of EU public procurement, estimated at about EUR 80 billion out of a combined Member State defence budget of EUR 170 billion, and that is why we are tabling this question today: defence procurement is still being awarded within mostly fragmented national markets.
We now also need EU legislation in this field, however - which is why I welcome the fact that this Directive is now envisaged.
Mercury and its compounds have a future in science and technology, as this regulation shows, and that is why we support it.
I agree that we should take a decision, despite the fact that many of our requests have not been met, but that is why we are now calling for an interinstitutional agreement.
In my opinion, such an important decision must on no account be taken over the heads of the population, and that is why I have abstained in this instance.
In our view, it is entirely up to each Member State to make the sovereign decision on whether or not it wants to join the Eurozone, and this is why we abstained from the vote.
European schools do not have the same measures to help children with disabilities as the Member States and that is why I am asking for initiatives on the part of the Council.
The Member States have different, not very cohesive practices and that is why we need to harmonise this field.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the right to asylum is universal, and that is why we need a European response - which, to some degree, we have already given.
However, consumers also need information until then, which is why we are asking the Commission, even in current circumstances and based on current legislation, to provide some guidance as to what rights and protection e-consumers have.
The European Council hopes that the Intergovernmental Conference can be convened before the end of July, which is why I would like to ask you today to submit your statements as soon as possible.
We cannot tolerate this and that is why we Greens will be holding a campaign called: We want our rights back!
That is what everybody wants at this stage and that is why we have been prepared to compromise on the budget, but we are very pleased with the content.
It was a question of how you analyse, how you do statistical analysis of the existing data and that is why we had a special task force on statistical analysis, internally and externally, and it came to the conclusion that there were flaws in the analysis and the conclusions of Professor Séralini.
Both Parliament's report and the European Trade Union are very critical of the Green Paper, and this is why I hope, Commissioner, that you can address this criticism.
To achieve success in that area, we must do more in the field of innovation and that is why I am pleased to note that the Portuguese Presidency intends to include innovation as an essential topic at the December European Council.
On 10 July, Mr Solana stated that it is impossible for us to send a mission without a mandate, and this is why we expect a resolution.
We must be vigilant - and this is the Commission's task - because too often counterfeit medicines are sent to poor countries, and this is why we must also act decisively to combat this distortion of international trade.
Having carefully scrutinised the policy strategies for the countries and regions of South America, Asia and South Africa, we have concluded that six specific cases out of a total of a huge number of plans were insufficiently underpinned legally speaking, which is why we have returned them by means of resolutions.
I have always assumed that this was the minimum, which is why I have always been generous in my interpretation of this provision.
It basically results in a worsening of extreme events, which is why we are witnessing heavier rainfall and longer periods of drought.
The debate, after all, not only focuses on soft law but also on other benchmarks for better law-making, and I believe that in many areas, we certainly have not made as much progress as citizens now assume from the media, which is why all the institutions involved - Parliament, the Council and the Commission - have a responsibility to make faster progress in this area.
Precisely because we have this huge range of wealth levels, because unearned income is growing far faster than wage packets - and that is why, 15 years after Jacques Toubon, this report will come to be seen as a powerful testament to the failure of the Socialists and Social Democrats.
European laws are drafted with the aim of simplifying the lives of EU citizens and are not meant to burden them; that is why they have to be drafted in a simple and intelligible way, with the emphasis on quality not quantity.
Unfortunately that is not the case, which is why we must look into that matter too.
The Danube runs through seven European capitals and nearby many urban agglomerations, that is why the safety of the transport of dangerous goods along Danube is extremely important.
In fact, that is why we have developed the idea of comodality, the effective combination of different modes of transport.
However, freight transport needs a good transport infrastructure and that is why we hope that the budgets relating to the Community and national transport projects will become a priority in the future.
Failure to act is not an option, which is why my Group will support the oral question placed before Parliament by Mr Costa, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
We have evidence that warning labels raise awareness - and that is why Member States introduced them - but, at the same time, they have to be part of a broader strategy; on their own, they cannot achieve the goals we wish for.
My Group is not, however, in favour of obligatory warnings on alcoholic beverages, which is why I ask you to support the draft amendments deleting provisions to that effect from the report.
That is why we need a sensible drinking policy; that is why we urge the Commissioner to stick to that sensible message that he began with and why we would suggest that he does not go down the road of trying to harmonise criminal law, not least because you cannot harmonise the enforcement of criminal law, and we know that in drink-driving that is a major problem between Member States.
Such standardisation saves money, which is why in the second report I proposed a milk fund programme to ensure that the milk sector could retain any saved money.
That is exactly what must be avoided, which is why the invalidation of fundamental and civil rights cannot continue.
It is only right and proper that the safety requirements be updated, which is why I, too, voted in favour of the report, although checks should also be reinforced accordingly.
We cannot make any compromises, and that is why we have to be very careful when adopting resolutions and approving motions relating to this matter so that we do not appear in any way weak or feeble in our attitude.
I appreciate that some countries already have 60-tonne lorries, which is why it is right to allow Member States to decide for themselves what their national weight limit should be.
This was not the case for many German, British and French banks and that is why we are having this debate today.
It is time to put the common interests at the front, and that is why we need regulation.
The situation in Romania is not unique in the European Union and that is why we have to act together based on the principle of solidarity which the European project is founded on.
One of the tools for this is dialogue, which is why I think it would be good to produce a report that helps to organise and systematise human rights dialogues that the European Union conducts with other countries.
However, I suspect that what is behind it is an attempt to call the provisions of Rome I into question once more. We say a resounding 'no' to that; that is why we do not want this provision.
So I think we really need to find some kind of balance, and that is why I like your idea, as rapporteur on mutual recognition, to try to have some mutual recognition on this as well.
Failure to act will cause serious problems for many people, particularly in the developing world, which is why it is right that the United Nations, with our support, should act now.
Nuclear energy is not a renewable energy, which is why I would ask for it to be dealt with in a separate report.
We are being fair, however, which is why we jointly ensured that if a person who was trained in one railway undertaking voluntarily moves to another one, the training undertaking is entitled to compensation for the training costs.
Now it seems that the objectives of reducing quotas are not being achieved; that is why the Commission is putting forward this new proposal aimed at redressing the situation before it is too late.
Many of my constituents have suffered and social displacement is widespread, which is why the least we can do is go back and compensate these people.
A toy is something more than just another form of goods - it shapes a child's thoughts, helps it to develop, impacts on its education - which is why I am calling for the Commission, when it reviews the Toy Safety Directive, to bear these things in mind too.
Although in regard to this, we must ensure that we do not save the planet, environmentally, only to see its population starve to death, which is why the committee's call for a fair balance between food and energy production is a correct stance to take.
We believe that it is possible to achieve this objective by the end of the year, and that is why we are urgently asking the Portuguese Presidency to table the text in the next few hours with the relevant United Nations committee.
We must learn from the lessons of the past, of course, and that is why we must naturally avoid any errors we might have committed and which did not in the past make it possible for us to achieve the objectives we had set ourselves.
If we stay credible in implementation, I think we can prepare also the first Treaty article on sport, because we do not have a legal base now, and that is why we cannot define some of the actions, and that is why we have to decide case by case, on individual problems.
The same can be the case now, and that is why institutions linked to the European Institute of Technology should be located in the new Member States.
These are two sides of the same coin, and that is why Javier Moreno Sánchez and I have decided to present our reports together.
However, ladies and gentlemen, any person violating European rules and Member States' rules is indeed committing a criminal offence and this is why we refer to illegal immigration.
It means, firstly, that we need to strengthen Frontex further and that is why this Parliament is committed to increasing Frontex's budget and not to decreasing it, as the Council is trying to do.
The voice of these people needs to be heard and their access to the political life of their country of residents needs to be facilitated; this is why I support the replacement of the current system with the requirement of filling in a sworn statement.
The present report pay far too little attention to these issues, which is why - despite the sound approaches it contains - I am unfortunately compelled to reject it.
As for higher education, it should be recognised that this is a fundamental sector in developed societies, which is why lack of success at school and early school leaving must be prevented, as is the case in Portugal where unfortunately around 40% of pupils never even finish their secondary education.
I would like to say that the European Union has a political strategy for the Middle East Peace process based on sound pillars and principles and that is why the European Union is a welcome partner in the political process.
We believe that this clarification is absolutely necessary, and that is why we have tabled the relevant amendment.
This does not, of course, rule out false declarations still being made, and that is why we are asking the Commission to set up a system for this, too, to prevent the false declaration of goods.
Of course, there is no total reciprocity of rights, but compared with the previous situation, this is a balanced agreement, which is why we will be voting for it.
We want to mitigate the negative effects of aviation, which is why we agree on emissions trading for the aviation industry.
For this reason, harmonisation of the rules governing the use of plant protection agents is imperative, which is why the Commission's approach is the right one.
We need the necessary tools, and that is why we cannot go for a percentage-based reduction each year.
The high proportionate amount of tax compliance for small companies is a big obstacle, and that is why we need to do our best to call for cross-border loss relief, simplified customs procedures, one-stop-shop schemes for VAT, home states taxation pilot projects and so on.
However, I find the targets inadequate and that is why, in Parliament's plenary, I unsuccessfully supported the position adopted by the Committee on the Environment asking for an EU target of a 25% reduction in the frequency of application of pesticides within 5 years and a 50% reduction within 10 years, and buffer zones of 10 metres between fields and water courses.
We have discovered cases of children not yet registered at border crossings, and that is why I attach great importance to identification.
The Commission realises that they only partially alleviate the enormous suffering and the pressure on the institutions and social fabric of neighbouring countries, and that is why it is currently further developing its response strategy in order to match it with appropriate funding.
But, as I say, we now have to get the balance right between the cereal and livestock sectors, and that is why we have tabled this question.
We believe that Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO) is a priority which is why we also intend to broach this issue at the summit.
We also think it is very important to have a level playing field, and that is why we will place so much emphasis on the completion of Russia's accession to the WTO.
However, I also said that it is of course a neighbour country and that is why it is especially important to take issues such as those raised by Graham Watson, Christopher Beazley and others very seriously.
We would stress that education policy is the sole responsibility of Member States which is why we feel that the 'adaptation' proposed infringes this principle.
Serbia is a country of high geo-strategic importance to the stability of the whole region, which is why progress in this process is essential to achieve the EU's ultimate goal with regard to the Western Balkans: to see this become a region of stability, peace and progress.
We are of the position that Kosovo is a separate problem, which is why it remains almost untouched in this report.
Mrs Martens, I am completely in agreement with the need for coordination; this is why we proposed the code of conduct, which should provide for a better division of labour between the different donors, which means greater harmony.
If we were to pursue the same approach with the Doha Development Round, then perhaps we might achieve some success there as well, for this is why it has repeatedly failed until now.
Free trade is not an end in itself, it has to serve the needs of the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries; this is why the ACP group of nations has to be involved gradually and asymmetrically, so as to take account of local characteristics.
The Afghan Government, which is notoriously weak and has weak institutions, unfortunately does not at the moment have - and that is why I said 'not yet' - the capacity to oversee such a scheme.
Of course, we should avoid delays or failure to take action, and that is why the Commission recently adopted a communication on the implementation of Community law, and we laid down more targeted preventive measures, improved information provision and problem solving.
In the previous agreement, the extent to which Portugal used its entitlement to fishing opportunities (five) was rather high, which is why Portugal asked for nine licences for surface longliners, plus continuation of the opportunities in demersal freezer trawlers fishing for deep-water shrimp.
Incidentally, that is why I speak in English - so that people can understand me without the need for interpretation.
Nobody here in plenary noticed, and that is why I told you that.
The subject is increasingly marginalised within school curricula programmes, so that is why we need to improve.
At this juncture, it is also necessary to ensure that sport does not only mean competitive sport, but something that everyone can participate in, and that is why it is important that sport be integrated within education.
In this context, sport is a very popular and important activity, which is why this contribution today is very important and has come at the right time.
It does not concern Romanian citizens and this is why we are asking for a specific agency be set up for the social integration of the Roma communities, a European agency to show that Europe is doing its part to solve a problem that otherwise risks instigating even greater social panic.
It means that it is impossible to go back on what has been decided and that is why I supported the extension of majority voting in the simplified Treaty.
The fact is that the latter is losing its effectiveness, forfeiting any opportunity to exert influence once countries have joined the 'club', which is why the EU must not repeat this mistake with Turkey.
Aviation's contribution to climate change is substantial and growing rapidly which is why this proposal for a directive represents an important step in meeting the ambitious greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets in the European Union.
in writing. - (PT) We have serious doubts about the general content of the proposals adopted in this European Parliament resolution, which is why we voted against it.
For example, both flights between these islands and flights between continental Europe and these regions are particularly important for territorial cohesion in the European Union, which is why these flights merit special treatment.
So that is why I believe all those areas taken together can create a virtuous circle helping all our goals at once.
Franz Müntefering saw that and that is why he has voted with his feet.
Soil has no cross-border aspects, which is why this matter can be regulated equally well or even better in the Member States than at European level.
We consider the proposal and the report to be in clear breach of the principle of subsidiarity, which is why we have voted against many of the amendments and also against the report in its entirety.
One of the things that really worries me about this is why he did it: because he was afraid that he was not going to get the decision from the Supreme Court that he expected or that he wanted.
The imposition from Brussels of a calendar of reforms is certainly not the best way to obtain results, which is why we have listened to what the partner countries want from the strengthened ENP.
We do not have much time, which is why I would like to say very quickly that on 18 November last, as you know, the Presidency issued a declaration expressing its deep concern at recent events in Georgia, and called for dialogue between the parties and a search for solutions to the current crisis that did not violate democratic principles and fundamental rights, namely freedom of expression.
That is why - like it or not - we need tougher control at European level, and that is why I am convinced we need a European coastguard.
That applies in economics as elsewhere, and that is why it was deemed necessary to develop and publish a structural indicator for job vacancies, capable of measuring just how narrow the job market is and where the skills shortages lie.
If Parliament votes in favour of the text, the text belongs elsewhere, but it could be that it is not endorsed, which is why I am asking for a vote on the original text.
I believe that the free movement of people without passport controls is a real success story of European integration, which is why I was happy to vote for this report.
Social policy falls to a large extent under the competence of the Member States which is why I am in favour of promoting the open method of coordination as well as the exchange of best practices aimed at combating social exclusion.
As you yourself said, Prime Minister, if the European Union's structural and regional policies have the same economic effects in the countries which joined the European Union on 1 May 2004 as occurred in Spain, Europe as a whole can look forward to a very positive future, and that is why Spain is a model for Europe.
Secondly, we would stress that tourism can contribute to territorial cohesion, economic development and regional employment which is why a cross-sector approach must be adopted in the Community policies and funds for this area, in particular by setting up a specific Community programme to complement the actions of the Member States.
Europe is taking action to combat racism and discrimination, and this is why an instrument is needed which guarantees the same level of protection in all Member States against racist and xenophobic acts.
And that is why I am voting against the Leinen report.
in writing. - (FR) The new EU tourism policy must make better provision for consumer protection, which is why I am calling for the certification of internet sites offering tourist services.
That is what we are talking about, that is why we are working ahead and that is why it was very important that the Commissioner was here tonight.
However, we have not all agreed on the solutions proposed by the Commission, which is why the European Parliament's constructive attitude is proven by the broad compromise reached in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and by the PSE Group's detailed proposals.
Thus I have the feeling that, rather than overproduction, what we have here is a sales problem, mainly down to marketing, and that is why I do not want the reform proposed to us today to be tempted to lower the sector's standards even slightly in order to fall into line with the new wine-producing countries.
Due to their higher production costs, European wine producers will struggle in a fully open market and that is why we need to reform our wine sector.
And that is why I cannot accept that Commission should attempt to scale down this guarantee by means of its recently announced 'Health Check'.
Studies show that the effects of air pollution particularly impact on children's health which is why air quality plans must include measures to specifically protect vulnerable population groups such as children.
Here, it is very clear that we need complete transparency in the market, which is why the third regulation package really addresses the separation of transmission activities from the supply activities.
The creation of an industrial design incurs significant costs, which is why legal protection is pertinent from an economic point of view, too.
The Castiglione report is an improvement on these proposals, which is why I have voted for it.
Despite the amendments that our group introduced, the resolution ultimately adopted in plenary reflects neither the spirit nor the letter of our position on this matter, and that is why I voted against it.
As has already been said, its treatment of minorities is an example to many others in the region, which is why the minorities supported independence.
This is a very serious issue and that is why Montenegro needs to address corruption as one of its first priorities.
World AIDS Day is an important day and gives us an opportunity to discuss and raise awareness; but we should not limit ourselves to this one day, and that is why I am happy that, within the European Union at least, we will be discussing these issues continuously.
In fact, some of them were born just before the end of those campaigns, and they did not benefit from those awareness-raising initiatives that were taking place then, and that is why we have the results I have just mentioned.
I also understand that there are Member States - such as yours, which is why I have just been listening to you - which have not fulfilled their duties, and with this in mind, I voluntarily proposed a date - which has moreover been accepted by the Committee on Agriculture - extending that time-limit slightly, but, as you know, whereas they might pay two pounds an animal in your constituency, in mine they only pay one pound.
You have said, Commission President - and that is why I am appealing to you now - that our work is not yet over.
Fortunately, however, there were those who did believe and people with the fibre of José Sócrates, Prime Minister of Portugal, will go down in history for their determination, precisely because they did believe, they believed and made it happen, which is why we have the Treaty of Lisbon.
Brazil today is a new international partner of major and vital importance and that is why I judge that the EU's external policy is better, more coherent and more comprehensive with a partnership with Brazil.
In some areas, exchange of best practice is probably enough, which is why I am pleased that my amendments on health care-acquired infections were adopted in committee.
My group regards this purely and simply as an unacceptable state of affairs, which is why we must ensure that a fair balance is struck between the natural right of the banks to do business - a normal feature of any market economy - and the need to protect consumers by ensuring that they are given the information they need to choose the right form of credit and reject unfavourable options.
However, the reality is that we are merely consulted, which is why I have had to take on a very difficult position.
They do not want it to be effective, and that is why I have been absolutely specific in the demands that we are making upon this Agency.
Because anyone who is socially excluded, living in abject poverty, ultimately does not enjoy any basic rights and that is why we are of the view that it would be an important political signal to our fellow citizens for amendment 15 to be viewed more synmpathetically than it has been by you, Mr Vice-President of the Commission.
In some cases it proves impossible to enforce the decisions, which is why we must put much more emphasis on this question in the context of allocating the custody of minors.
The rights and protection of children lie at the heart of human values, which is why we still need to remind people of the dire consequences that await wrongdoers.
It is the moment to assume responsibility, which is why I appreciate the approach Commissioner Dimas took in his statement, a constructive approach that sees Europe as not just imposing sanctions, confining itself to sanctions, but as also helping a Member State to resolve a crisis.
(SL) Man is a most adaptable creature, which is why many adults have already accepted the fact that one should keep acquiring knowledge even in mature years and in old age.
In the context of adult education that is as wrong as anything can be, which is why I hope that we can now try, by dint of our own efforts and with your help, to hoist the national governments into the saddle so that they can start trotting, for it will take a while before they are ready to gallop.
What we must ensure - and this is why we want to invoke our parliamentary powers of scrutiny - is that this collected data is truly unconnected with any private speculative ambitions but that is actually used, as you have said, for the sole purpose of harvest and yield forecasting.
However, the task of the Presidency is an arduous one, which is why I would like to ask you also about the injustices taking place in the European Union.
The risks faced by the entire region are huge, and that is why our expectations of you, Mr. Janša, are also high.
I want to make sure that this House gets a say and that people get a referendum in the future, and that is why I am giving explanations of votes on all reports.
I understand that, in response to the common agricultural policy management needs, there is considerable need for information on land use, and that is why I think we all welcome the use of better technology.
That same unlovely assumption lies behind the EU Constitution, now called the Lisbon Treaty, and that is why we should put that Treaty to the people: Pactio Olisipio censenda est!
What I have learnt most is the utter contempt in which the European elite hold their citizens and that is why they are denying the citizens the fundamental right of a vote.
I am particularly pleased that the Member States can say, as is currently the case in France, that no compensation may be demanded for credits of less than 10 000 euros, and that is why I voted in favour.
Actually, if I may say so, it had a key role in that last round of the negotiations, which is why the support the European Union gives to multilateralism in trade cannot be doubted.
We cannot therefore allow this situation to continue for a further 30 years and that is why I call on the Commission, and also the Member States, to take concrete measures.
Moving on to Mr Savi, we could not agree more with his statement, and this is why the Commission is committed to the development of the e-application with the broad programmes and legislation.
The proposal for a Council decision deals with this situation, which is why I voted for it.
If we want to do that, we should first ask people in a referendum, which is why we need a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty.
My party, the Conservative Party, is incensed that a promise has been reneged on and that is why I am standing here asking the Labour Government to give us a referendum on this important constitutional issue, just as we are concerned about what is happening in the South Caucasus.
The report tabled represents a step in that direction, which is why I voted in favour of it.
It is also important to lead by example and that is why, for instance, we are now proposing how to achieve the 20% of energy use through renewables by 2020.
Solidarity on the part of the international community is the best response to such evasiveness, which is why, in our resolution, we welcome the agreement reached in Berlin on 22 January on the drafting of a new UN Security Council resolution.
We know that the leaders of the Ahmadinejad regime will be following this debate, which is why it is right and proper to say clearly to President Ahmadinejad and his supporters that the host of candidates for the 296 parliamentary seats - there are more than 7 000, of whom 2 000 are apparently being excluded - is a sure sign to us that he has his back to the wall in domestic politics.
He is a man of goodwill, which is why we cannot let him down.
As was evident even in Bali, the development issue will be at the centre of negotiations: this is why our main challenge will be to build on mutual trust.
Today, however, this debate is of particular importance and that is why I want to present the reasons that led the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs to table these two oral questions, to the Council and the Commission respectively, and to press the representatives of these institutions to provide clear answers to the questions we are asking.
The effectiveness and promptness of interventions will always depend on the degree of preparedness, coordination, linkage and the existence of uniform methods in the modus operandi of the intervention units, which is why I propose, firstly, the possibility of joint training and exercises, and secondly, that the training and exercises be funded from the budget of the European Union, pursuant to Articles 30, 32 and 34 of the Treaty on European Union.
Such, we believe, is the report's aim, and this is why we disagree.
These are necessary and coherent ways to move forward, which is why we voted in favour.
Perhaps this is why there is no reference to measures for the direct reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, and why there are only general expressions of good intent.
Criminal acts were committed, and that is why the state was obliged to intervene.
Switzerland's four immediate neighbours in the EU account for 41% of its total exports and 59% of its total imports, which is why there is a need for action here.
But getting our customs laws right is very important for business and for jobs, and that is why we are doing it.
It means it conforms to the Directive on electrical equipment, and that is why, today, we are putting to you three requests: to examine the concept of a supplementary marking to enhance consumer information on product safety, to carry out an in-depth study in order to clarify the feasibility, the possible benefits and the potential drawbacks for such a marking for all stakeholders, including business and consumers, and to examine the possibilities for reinforcing the credibility of the CE marking through measures for stronger customs control inside and outside the European Union, to make sure we end the consumer confusion as regards the CE marking.
As you may know, I was the shadow rapporteur for my group on all three reports, which is why I know how untiring your efforts have been to improve key aspects of this proposal from the Commission.
I have a son Andrej, which is why I know that the name Andrej means someone who is strong and powerful.
This report was unbalanced in not recognising that those barriers exist from the EU perspective, which is why I voted against it.
The EU is a customs union, which is why the Community Customs Code is one of its most important instruments.
We have now learned from an actual case in Germany that these gentlemen - for they are mainly gentlemen - not only earn very good money but do not want to pay tax on what they earn, which is why they go to Liechtenstein and elsewhere.
But I admit that the gap in regional GDP for the BMW region and the neighbouring region remains a challenge, which is why we hope that in the 2007-2013 programmes, under both the ESF and ERDF, we will see a further reduction in this gap.
I really believe that we need broadband for all, and this is why I believe we need to have national broadband strategies which reflect regional and local needs.
The Safer Internet Plus programme will end in December 2008, which is why Parliament will very soon have the opportunity to look at the review of this programme for the period 2009-2013.
When it comes to water, the Kyrgyz Republic is rich in energy, which is why we deliberately mentioned it.
We must develop genuine cooperation with this region, and this is why I support European Union efforts to promote WTO membership for the countries of Central Asia and their integration into world trade.
This means that we face similar challenges regarding the political and economic transformation of these societies, but, as you know, Mongolian history is quite different, and that is why we did not include Mongolia in the strategy.
I believe they would not, and perhaps that is why they are not being asked.
Unfortunately, not all of them have come to terms with the disappointment, which is why we find paragraph 6 of this report expressing regret over the changes made in the new Treaty in contrast to the draft European Constitution.
None of this can be found in the current proposal, which is why I have chosen to vote against the report.
Ladies and gentlemen, all these facts, which were originally recognised by all the members of the contact group, including the Russian Federation, are evidence for the argument that Kosovo presents a really special case 'sui generis', which is why the validity of the principle of the sovereignty and territorial integrity is not in doubt.
The importance of the European Union's role in the promotion and protection of human rights is indisputable, which is why we would like to have the best possible cooperation of this revered assembly.
More than anything, having children is about our closest relationships which is why more and more childcare - though useful in getting women into the workplace - will not help increase the birth rate.
I consider that providing direct financial support in the form of cash is a solution, but only for the moment, this is why emphasis should be laid on providing support to the parent in a relationship with the employer and on quality and affordable services for child care and education, for the purpose of ensuring balance of the family and professional life.
You are in fact building a bridge, which is why I would like to say a few words on the stage reached in the public consultations on the future of European cohesion policy.
Therefore there are many more elderly people, also because the birth rate has declined, which is why in the document we call for measures to stimulate the birth rate.
The government controls the Belarusian media which is why people in the country often do not know that Lukashenko's regime is unacceptable to the European Union.
Honourable President, that is why I ask myself whether all these forms of xenophobia with effects on Romanian children are the result of a media campaign against Romanians; within the meaning of the fundamental principles ...
They fear that their data will be misused, which is why the approach adopted by the European Union, whether on the transfer of passenger records or on visa policy, has been the focus of huge public interest.
It is therefore a balanced and mutually advantageous agreement, which is why I recommend that Parliament approve my report, with the amendment introduced by the Development Committee and with my own proposed amendments, which merely seek to reinforce Parliament's position in monitoring these areas.
Sadly, the more you regulate, the more you legislate, the less likely you are to produce growth and jobs, which is why GDP growth in Europe is positively dire and it is taking off in the rest of the world - China, India, the subcontinent.
Current regulation both at national and European Union level is exceptionally complicated and bureaucratic, and this is why in my report I have suggested adopting an EU biogas directive.
There is a real danger that economic growth will become uncoupled from social security, which is why the guidelines need to be revised.
However, this system carries high economic costs, higher than simple waste disposal in landfill sites or incineration, and that is why we should pay attention to it.
Despite recent variations in the milk market, both Portugal and the EU produce less than their quotas, which is why, instead of increasing these, balancing adjustments should be made between countries as 18 out of the 27 are producing below capacity.
I am convinced that this well-organised and excellent cooperation will continue into the future, which is why I welcome today's debate.
More than 60% of refugees are under 18 years of age and that is why I want more attention to be paid to education and health care, in addition to the basic conditions of human survival.
(DE) Mr President, we are always calling for appropriate measures to be taken in respect of our response to, and especially prevention of, terrorism, which is why this particular measure was initiated.
Unfortunately very few resources are dedicated to the computer literacy of senior citizens and that is why I welcome the report by Mrs Neena Gill, which sets out an important message of the European Parliament as regards enhancing the quality of life of elderly or disabled people.
CO2 emissions must be reduced all over the world, and that is why we have to apply the new technologies everywhere.
The initial costs for renewable energy projects are 37 times higher than those of conventional energy sources and that is why we regret the fact that for the time being the foreseen fund value is only 100 million euro.
That is why we need an envoy for women's rights, and that is why I hope that everyone here will show their support for Amendment 20 on this issue.
So that is why I have abstained on the report.
That is not acceptable and that is why we must take strong action here.
That is in line with the principle of subsidiarity, which is why the European citizens' money may not be used for purposes that some EU Member States do not find acceptable on ethical, moral and legal grounds.
I want to take a clear stand today in opposition to the thinking behind this report and that is why I voted against what is simply a compromise that subverts the declared aim.
If we want to tackle climate change, we have to do so in Europe, and that is why the international agreements rightly give European industry the chance to compete on an equal footing with industry elsewhere in the world.
The fact is that anything that is decided within the framework of the Mediterranean Union requires funding from the European Parliament, which is why it is extremely important that the Conclusions should state that the European Parliament will be fully involved in the future structures of the Mediterranean Union.
This is a country with a huge potential; and that is why we wish to help it and are determined to provide all the assistance that is within our scope, so that Lebanon can achieve political stability and full economic prosperity as soon as possible.
Of course, much remains to be done and this is why the EU must take it upon itself to declare an all-out war on cancer.
On the other hand, the existing Community programmes in the culture sector do not fully reflect the implications of Europeans' common cultural heritage, which is why we need specific programmes in order to foster creativity and preserve the links, on a wider scale and at a deeper seated level, with the goods and values, both tangible and intangible, that constitute European cultural heritage and to enable those goods and values to interact according to the humanist conception of identities and differences and in present-day cultural works.
I think that is why we put forward the proposal.
Some of my fellow Members here have echoed this and that is why they signed.
This will be very important in terms of development planning, for example, which is why I support the proposal in the motion for a resolution which calls for the establishment of a European database that is accessible to regional decision-makers as a guide for their development planning.
One thousand years ago, the Vikings were in Greenland - that is why it is called Greenland.
We want to make it easier for Macedonia to navigate through these rocky waters, which is why, between now and the next Strasbourg part-session, we want to work with the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteur to find a solution so that we can take a vote during the next Strasbourg part-session.
These are often dramatic situations, which is why the European Parliament's decision to make available to these workers nearly EUR 2.5 million may help to alleviate their current anxieties.
I believe that this is a priority matter, which is why I am proposing this change.
Those are the lessons of history and that is why I believe that Commission initiatives of this kind are interesting if, in the end, they lead us to formulate a common, anti-totalitarian position.
Being able to achieve more cases like this is why we have to adopt this report.
I would like to finish by saying that we have had a prudent year in terms of our budgetary responsibilities, and this is why I am asking you to vote in favour of these accounts for 2006.
That is the real moral scandal behind this crisis and that is why we want to discuss it in this forum.
In considering whether to support this proposal, Parliament must bear in mind that establishing a satellite radionavigation infrastructure will exceed the financial and technical potential of the Member States, which is why it is a Community action.
Nevertheless, this is why I feel it is relevant to pay close attention to social and political movements in the region moving towards changes in the erstwhile majorities on the American continent.
I do not have much time to set out my reasons which is why I will endorse what the Chairman of my political group, Martin Schulz, has said.
So often, governments are guided by other interests - which is understandable - but we must find a way of dovetailing these interests and our values skilfully in a way which genuinely benefits people, and that is why human rights are at the heart of our policies here in the European Parliament.
The Director-General has recently addressed it and the trade ministers, too, but we want it to be recognised, which is why we are putting forward very specific proposals, for instance in relation to the appeal body and on dispute settlement.
The WTO is not only an economic but also a political institution, which is why trust among members is important.
Everyone has to make the effort; that is why environmental costs need to be internalised.
In English it appears badly written and paragraph 12 makes no sense and is a practical impossibility, which is why this paragraph cannot be taken seriously even if you understand it.
European society is aware of this, and this is why 14 European Union countries have decided to carry out the UN Security Council mandate and are beginning to send 4 000 soldiers to Chad.
We therefore need to act, and that is why, in the context of the resolution we voted for in Tbilisi last week, we are considering, for example, suggesting that Russia share the burden of peacekeeping by sending a civil peace corps over there.
The procedure for their establishment is complicated, and this is why only one third of those that potentially could exist do.
Mr President, this is why European works councils mean so much to me.
Clearly elections are something of untold value, and that is why they also need monitoring.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Mr President, this House should welcome all initiatives which increase the transparency of the EU institutions, which is why I support the proposals before us today.
Sport is also a very important factor in promoting health, which is why it is worthwhile investing on a broad basis in sport, and particularly in physical education in schools.
There are 700 000 clubs and associations which are making an invaluable contribution to our society, and that is why I oppose the possible liberalisation of gambling and the lotteries, for at present around 10% of levies accrued from this industry go into sports, the arts and social amenities, and without this funding these organisations could not survive.
Sporting activity helps to develop physical, intellectual and social skills, which is why sport should be practised both within the education system and in other aspects of social life.
An accurate analysis of the current situation is the prerequisite here, which is why I welcome Mr Cappato's initiative.
Their activity is useful, but their relations with all the institutions must be governed by a strong, coherent framework, and that is why we will vote in favour of this report.
Unfortunately, all our efforts to raise these issues and discuss them in Bulgaria have met with vehement resistance by the corrupt authorities, which is why we have been forced to seek the involvement of the European Court of Justice in order to save statehood in our country.
So I would also like to tell you that what we are preparing is communication: this is why we do not have a study on economic, social and environmental impact, as is done for all our legislative proposals.
The draft resolution is a step in this direction, which is why we are supporting it.
As I said before, there were many very interesting comments made in the course of the debate but Parliament's rules make it impossible for me to respond to all of them, which is why I responded to only a few.
Some Member States cover some of them, others cover others and that is why it is important to get it right and have a comprehensive directive and not leave anyone behind.
Although the rapporteur includes some palliatives concerning poverty or social inclusion, there is in fact no mention of the need to break away from the present macroeconomic and employment guidelines, which are completely neoliberal and where competition and flexibility reigns supreme, which is why such proposals amount to nothing more than a smoke screen, failing to tackle the root cause of the problems.
Quite the reverse, and that is why this debate is so welcome, and why I personally welcome it on behalf of the Presidency.
Neither left-wing nor right-wing governments have managed to bring about any change over recent decades as regards acceptance of the Roma, and this is why I believe it is extremely important to give this issue a regular place on the agenda and in debate in this House.
I think that one of the lessons drawn in Ireland was the need to engage on a very broad scale and that is why the National Forum was set up;
I think we need to do it through the media, to have a European media reporting on EU affairs, and that is why we have a new internet strategy, we have a new audiovisual strategy, where we will be better equipped to put European issues in media reporting all over Europe.
This is of the essence and that is why I really call on all parties involved in the implementation to show flexibility in the practical arrangements that will be needed in order to bring the selection of satellite operators to a successful end as soon as possible.
In countries such as Greece that have many mountains and islands, it is difficult to invest in fibre optic networks everywhere, which is why MSS provision assumes great importance.
It is important for the project selection systems to be transparent, which is why women should have equal representation on assessment boards and selection committees.
As we all know, this is why the European heads of state and government decided in March last year to send out a resolute message to the international community, with commitments concerning the reduction of greenhouse emissions.
Without getting preoccupied with the past, we would like to see clear actions in the future and observation of the agreement signed between our two countries; that is why I supported the report.
The issue of higher food prices is certainly a big problem, and that is why this high-level forum too has organised a debate on this topic.
The factors causing higher food prices are many and varied, and that is why the Council is dealing with them through various bodies.
There is global awareness of the potential influence of biofuels, and that is why there is an intensive development of so-called sustainable criteria for the production of fuel.
There are different standards but, between them, they develop many skills, which is why Europe has such a rich heritage.
Biofuels must not be produced at the expense of food, which is why we must make strenuous efforts to promote the production of a second generation of biofuels, based on biomass, which is essentially organic waste that is virtually unusable for any other purpose.
That although the EU has signed reciprocity agreements with several third countries but not with the US - which is why in 2006 the Commission proposed the temporary restoration of the visa requirement for holders of diplomatic and duty/official passports in order to expedite progress towards reciprocity with that country - the Council did not follow up that proposal, which the resolution describes as symbolic.
The Aarhus Convention is a major achievement in the aim to improve public participation and access to information rights and is a component in any successful system of democracy, and that is why I well understand Parliament's position in which also the missing element, the right of the public to appeal, should be restored.
I would therefore ask you, ladies and gentlemen, to make good use of your contacts in Congress, because this was a decision by the US Congress, not the US Government, which is why my efforts to find a solution in talks with the US Government are not very promising.
Commissioner Verheugen has already mentioned that legislation in many sectors is already affected, which is why the Parliaments on both sides have to be included pre-emptively in order to bring the situation under control and implement these standards together in the world.
However, he has since become more reasonable, and that is why he must be congratulated, Mr Bonsigniore.
Commissioner, Mrs Ferrero-Waldner, our dreams need to be big enough for us not to lose sight of them when pursuing them, and that is why there is not a restricted union of the people of the Mediterranean.
I have also been asked for a contribution, which is why I have tried to find something among funds that, in principle, are already allocated.
All the same, we do not want to let the small companies down, which is why we have tabled an amendment that entails leaving the decision to the Member States.
Firstly, OLAF, Europol and Eurojust should be integral parts of this network, which is why we are asking for their participation to be mandatory.
Certain technical aspects must, however, be corrected in order to fully apply this Regulation and these two lines of support, which is why I support the Commission proposal and the Parish report.
Farmers have a key role to play in delivering rural sustainability and development, but they are not the only people involved in that delivery, which is why I cannot support Amendment 35.
It grows fastest in some areas like municipal waste, and that is why we need to take action.
This is the first codecision of the European Parliament on the fight against illegal immigration and that is why we have a duty, as MEPs, to champion clear legislation that is not subject to different interpretations by Member States or rulings by the Court of Justice.
To approve Mr Weber's report would be a cynical step in the wrong direction, which is why the GUE/NGL Group will vote against the report.
These issues should not be addressed here, in a selective and discriminatory way, and this is why I am abstaining today from voting on these issues.
While the approved compromise package is not perfect, I consider the text of the directive to be a politically ambitious instrument in the area of waste management for future generations of Europeans, which is why I supported the report by the rapporteur, Mrs Caroline Jackson.
Improving the protection of the euro against fraud is a welcome development, which is why I, too, voted in favour of the Diaz de Mera report.
I believe that this report will lead to better monitoring of water quality, and that is why I voted in favour of it.
The future of the European energy market and its development after the implementation of the third energy package will require an important role to be played by the Agency, and that is why the power and independence of the Agency must be enhanced over and above the level proposed by the Commission.
This means that they must be able to compare offers, however, and that is why it is important that contracts and invoices be standardised.
We have a common responsibility to achieve the best possible solution and that is why I hope you will listen to Parliament and we will listen to you.
Consumers want to have a choice and they want to be protected from the fear of being disconnected from the grid, and that is why the report focuses special attention on this.
The other aspect is energy poverty, and that is why we consider this a most excellent report by Parliament and hope that it goes through.
The Commission is mindful of the fact that differing approaches to the regulation of termination rates have the potential to hamper the consolidation of the internal market and the realisation of consumer benefits from cross-border competition and services, and this is why the Commission has made it a priority to provide guidance and greater legal certainty to both operators and national regulatory authorities in the regulation of the termination markets.
The pressures being faced by Europeans today show why the European Union's goals on energy security, energy efficiency and climate change are so crucial to the well-being of European society, and this is why they are more urgent than ever.
I want to see a Europe which remains a unity of equals, with 27 countries, and that is why I support the Treaty of Lisbon.
That work has to be further intensified and that is why also the Commission will continue with what we started a couple of years ago, called Plan 'D', as in Debate, Dialogue and Democracy.
Although the measures proposed under the Returns Directive are far too lax, they are at least a step in the right direction, especially if the proposed minimum detention period is more stringent than is currently provided for by some Member States, which is why I voted in favour of the report.
Nevertheless, the problem is often a European one, which is why all the responsibilities and costs cannot be offloaded onto certain countries, first and foremost Italy.
In any event, the basic issue is the liberalisation of the sector, which is why we could only vote against this report in the end.
However, no one is admitting that the real solution would have been to retain a strong public sector in the area of energy, which is why we voted against this report.
To date, there is no effective system on the market providing for the protection of pedestrians in the case of collision, which is why the Commission is rightly encouraging industry to develop such a system.
My Group has emphasised that there is no sector that can survive these conditions and that is why it wanted to bring everyone together today, including the Council and the Commission, to find out more about this issue and debate the package of measures.
So these are national agencies and it is the responsibility of the national governments, which is why I posed the question to the Council.
That being the case, I would prefer it if we could completely reject the directive, but we will not secure a political majority in favour of that option in the House, and the Council is also insisting on rules that are devoid of content, which is why we have now agreed a compromise on the basis of the report by the Committee on Transport.
Apart from introducing a great deal of new red tape, the first draft presented had precisely that flaw: it was heavy on rhetoric and light on substance, which is why we referred it back to committee at first reading.
European decision-makers have recognised this, and this is why the Intelligent Car Initiative is a flagship project within the i2010 initiative.
This is a significant event, which is why the debate in our Parliament concerning the preparations was so important.
It does not respond to the immediate problem of workers' wages, failing to clarify that fishermen (workers) pay for fuel, and that this is why the problem affects them directly (as it does the owners of the vast majority of small vessels);
It is expressly provided in Italian law, which is why I asked Mr Marroni, 'Minister, would you be happy if a delegation from the European Parliament went to Italy to conduct a quiet appraisal of the situation, meet with all parties and report back to the European Parliament?'
The Baltic Sea and the climate issue must be brought into focus, which is why we demand that Nord Stream examine an alternative route over land before any decision is taken on a possible future gas pipeline - this is entirely consistent with the decision of the Swedish Government in February this year.
We have not in fact strengthened Europe's position; we have handicapped it and we have done it one-sidedly, which is why I am against the common position.
in writing. - (PT) This proposal is contradictory, which is why we abstained.
I believe that the common position of the European Parliament and of the Council will contribute towards clean aircraft and the introduction of new technologies in the aviation industry, and that is why I voted in favour of the report.
The aviation industry is struggling at the moment mainly due to high fuel prices, which is why a compromise on ETS was essential.
In these conditions, emotions come into play, and that is why we wanted to ask this question.
At a time when we are considering the EU OPS, i.e. the technical safety provisions, and they will soon enter into force, I was concerned to ensure that we resolve this safety problem, which is why I showed my colleagues in the Committee on Transport and Tourism the video on the subject.
I repeat: I regard the safety of every citizens as a priority, especially that of our weakest citizens, which is why I shall endeavour to ensure that specific safety protection measures are adopted as rapidly as possible in keeping with the legislative timetable.
We want a clear statement of principle and that is why I am recommending - as indeed the committee did - that we do not support the amendments concerning the addition of annexes.
That is why I voted in this way and that is why what we have done today is important, if not historic.
Safety on the European rail network cannot be achieved without common objectives and joint action, which is why I very much welcome the railway package.
However, if we adopt this cautious approach, we are likely to miss some opportunities, which is why I hope that the Member States will play the game by rigorously applying what they themselves have proposed.
Finally the unchecked state-sponsored brutality and violence and savagery have to stop, and that is why the international community must act, and act urgently, in the interests of the suffering people of Zimbabwe.
Unity, therefore, is not easy to obtain within the African Union. We have to recognise this, and that is why we must also interpret the conclusions of African Union meetings from this perspective, from this viewpoint.
The answer is 'no', and this is why we have proposed the mandatory reduction by 2012.
The answer is 'yes', and this is why are proposing the revision.
We also know which area gives rise to the highest costs, namely European company law, which is why we have now put forward the first proposals relating to that area.
That price difference leads to dumping, which is why we have applied the appropriate measures in relation to Russia and the Ukraine.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (DE) Mrs Fischer Boel is here, which is why I will answer very carefully, because she is the one who really knows about the prices that European farmers can achieve.
And that is why the Commission created the European e-Business Support Network early this year.
The Roma must be helped and not stigmatised; this is why, in the report that it presented last week, the Commission emphasised that the European Union, the Member States and civil society must join forces to effectively coordinate their efforts to this end.
in writing. - (PL) Madam President, Mr Brok's report underscores the desire to improve our relationships with the East, and that is why I supported it.
This is why we need a social Europe, Mr President-in-Office, and this is why I expect you to change your mind on this issue by December.
Finally, one last thing, Mr President, do not forget that the reason that Europe has a unique influence throughout the world is because it is a cradle of culture; because it is culture that cements our differences; because culture is the platform for our political systems, and that is why we are viewed in a completely different way.
I would caution against generalisations, and that is why I did not sign this joint resolution.
This is not the first attack on Christians, which is why some 60 000 Christians in Orissa have now fled their homes.
We also need an inter-regional balance, and that is why we provide the European Social Fund, the Regional Fund and the Globalisation Fund.
This has led to the degradation of marine habitats, which is why a new approach is crucial.
The VIS has positive aspects, but overall, it has not been properly thought through, which is why I was unable to vote in favour of the report.
The present report contains some building blocks, but on the whole I believe it does not go far enough, which is why I was unable to endorse it.
The reverse-charge system looks quite nice on paper but still seems too embryonic, which is why most of the calls we have been hearing are still for better cooperation between Member States.
It strikes me that the parliamentary report does not deliver an emphatic message or offer any new solutions, which is why I have abstained.
That is why the other side of the internal market coin is so important and that is why the European Parliament is absolutely right to reinforce the Article 7 consistency procedure for notifying national market reviews in which, by the way, the body will play its part.
These outdated local loops - and that is the vast majority of European households and small businesses which depend on being connected to the internet - represent the choke point of the high-speed internet, the point where the information superhighway slows down to a crawl, and that is why I applaud Parliament's move to encourage infrastructure competition on these next-generation access networks by proactively promoting the sharing of the ducts that house the new fibres, and the risk-sharing of new facilities.
I know that Parliament takes the protection of consumers and of citizens' fundamental rights very seriously, and that is why I am so surprised that the breach notification requirements in the Commission's proposals are diluted by the changes now on the table.
We need to open up, and that is why it is so important to use the digital dividend in a way that frees up the whole of the spectrum for new services and new opportunities, while at the same time defending old broadcasters and their services of today.
The European Union is not only an economic community but is also pledged to uphold common values, and that is why the protection of private data is a vital concern.
In 2009, the Council will play an active part in the general process of evaluating European cooperation in the field of youth. Given that this will be a long-term process, it is important to ensure continuity of action between the various presidencies, which is why we have worked with the presidencies to come, the Czech and Swedish Presidencies, to ensure the continuity of this policy that is so crucial to the next generation of Europeans.
Even though I said that this was not the case, many still argued that Parliament was pushing the agenda, and that is why I believe our intention needs to be clear.
It also points, however, to the insincerity of politicians who outwardly declare support for equality between women and men but, in practice, do not observe it, and this is why expectations are not as we would wish.
Despite the progress achieved, inequality between men and women persists and this is why we have to take action.
That is the right way to proceed, and that is why we should accentuate the positive and see whether we can make further progress, because it is worthwhile fighting for this.
I agree with that and that is why this has been highlighted in the report. We need more research.
This is a major step forward and that is why we in the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left support this compromise.
Secondly, hydrogen is merely an energy carrier, not an energy source, and that is why it is important that hydrogen fuel is produced in a stable and environmentally friendly way.
You are a man of peace; that is why you were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987.
With this in mind, then, I favour the position worked out at the special summit and am against the 'vassals' attitude towards the United States in this report, which is why I voted against it.
This is why sanctions are part of our foreign policy instrument palette, and this is why we do not shirk from applying them in a fairly free and, at times, inappropriate way.
It is regrettable that the Union and the Member States have not used the sanctions systematically; this is why I consider, Mr. President, that the creation of a coherent strategy for the sanctions policy is required, in order to respect human rights, a strategy that would take into account the agreements and clauses already signed, avoiding the double standard and thus contributing to the increase in the Union's credibility.
I was rather annoyed by what our fellow Member Mr Kaczmarek has just said, and that is why I am not going to read my paper.
I would ask the Commission and the Member States to look at delivery of these programmes with renewed scrutiny to ensure that the eight programmes are not beset by poor quality of service, corruption and lack of accountability, which is why the programme has not progressed in some countries.
However I would also like to make it clear, and this is why we are in the centre, that we also do not entirely agree with the feeling that we sometimes get that the rapporteur - although subsequently he was generous in accepting amendments from other groups - does not really have, or at times may not have had sufficient sensitivity to assess what the general interest means, to understand that not everything is subject to the rules of the market, to understand that the Member States do of course have to have and retain the freedom to protect certain services outside of the pure market, in a regulated form or by providing them solely through the public sector.
The ports sector is a public service of strategic importance for economic and social development, the environment, the defence and sovereignty of each Member State, which is why it should not be liberalised at EU level.
There is great uncertainty, great unease across a wide spectrum of this Chamber, which is why I believe we need to reassess, re-evaluate and examine more carefully the implications of these proposals back in the Committee on Transport.
This appears to be a case of double standards and that is why I voted against Amendment 5.
Domestic government and national central banks are best placed to respond to changing economic circumstances, and that is why I have always opposed measures that have undermined economic sovereignty.
in writing. - (RO) I would like to tackle the social dimension of mobility, which is extremely important: it provides young people with an extremely rich experience in terms of academic, cultural and social diversity, and this is why I would like to congratulate Mrs. Pack on this report.
The text of the framework decision now covers only cross-border exchanges of personal data, and that is why we wanted to go further.
We have been prevented from speaking and that is why I am gagging myself!
The content and organisation of studies remain within the remit of the individual states, which is why their role, and that of the universities themselves, is so great.
The statistics reveal all this, which is why the EU has set itself the lofty aim of reducing the amount of waste to be disposed of by 20% by 2010.
Combating terrorism should not be at the expense of citizens' fundamental rights, which is why it is imperative to guarantee the protection of personal data.
I genuinely believe we need to sort this out, and that is why I think, President-in-Office, that Parliament's resistance is not a question of pride.
The security of our external borders is a condition of the freedom of European citizens, and that is why we urgently need SIS II.
It is clear that they are completely overwhelmed by many areas of EU law, which is why the failure rates are so high.
That is the inherent position, which is why we are rejecting the compromise.
This is not the first attack on Christians, which is why some 60 000 Christians in the state of Orissa alone have now fled their homes.
All of us - rapporteurs, draftsmen and shadow rapporteurs - were united in these aims and that is why we were able to reach a solid compromise, attested to by the small number of amendments on which we are to vote.
Improvised interim solutions can cause security gaps, however, which is why I have rejected the planned introduction of the improvised version, as I believe that it is premature.
These differences can hinder the trade in medicines containing these colourants, and that is why the regulation must be amended; this would bring more clarity and make the work of quite a few institutions easier.
Unfortunately, the resolution put to the vote did not reflect this approach which is why I voted against it.
The key issue of food security is not adequately addressed at the WTO and perhaps this is why ultimately the talks failed to deliver.
It would clearly be a mistake to ignore the weaknesses in the Indian democracy, its economic structure or its social organisation, which is why these aspects should be at the top of the agenda in our relationship with this country.
It is now economic confidence that will kickstart growth and that is why we must cast aside dogmatism to take firm action and use the full range of tools at our disposal.
To explain why I feel so strongly about biofuel policy, what we have in transport is: firstly, more efficient cars - and in this House there have been some very tough debates on cars; secondly, there is modal shift, but people still prefer in a lot of cases to use the car; and the third is replacement with alternative fuels - one of the alternative fuels is biofuel, but we should take into account that it is produced on the land that could also produce food products, so that is why I believe that although this measure is positive - and it is very clearly positive - all the necessary precautions need to be taken.
Yes, adults can make choices but children need to be protected by the law and that is why we want to see independent monitoring of any voluntary agreements by industry.
We need to join forces to combat obesity which is why the actions must be concerted and involve schools, families and operators in the productive, health and social sectors.
In other words, there should be no additional burdens on the consumer, and that is why we are saying that the possibility of introducing VAT on financial services should apply only to transactions between one business and another and should therefore be recoverable.
Online operators say that licensing of music in Europe is too complicated, which is why there is still no legal online service available in any of the new Member States.
The deadline was very tight and that is why we want to have more time and to have the vote on this during the next Brussels session.
These measures can change a few things for the better, which is why I judge them very favourably.
Only Europe can offer a rounded approach to the crisis, and that is why the Commission must take the lead, starting today.
This is what is worrying the host Member States, and that is why you cannot stick solely to national supervisors dealing with this.
This appears to be guaranteed by the report before us, which is why I supported it in the vote.
I agree with the use of the symbols of the Union, which is why I voted for the report by the rapporteur, Mr Carnero González.
in writing. - (FR) This Parliament believes in the intrinsic goodness of the financial markets, in their capacity for resilience and self-regulation, which is why there are only minimal specific rules at European, and perhaps global, level.
At the same time, and this is why I asked to have the floor, what has happened in Austria is extremely worrisome, namely, the far right has won nearly 30% of the votes in these latest elections.
Safety of workers and the flexibility required by businesses are extremely important; that is why, today, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats - which is based on these foundations of equal treatment, on access to vocational training, and on the procedures for representing temporary workers in accordance with collective agreements - has sought to make progress with this work, too, and reach a consensus.
Indeed, this could not possibly be laid down any more clearly in a text - which is why I do not understand what the problem is.
At the moment, we cannot disregard, either, the economic risks involved in children using the Internet, which is why we requested mobile telephone services too to be mentioned explicitly as an area in which children need to be protected from abusive or harmful conduct.
In the case of adolescents, of course we have to empower the children themselves, and that is why I believe that informing them that they can stop themselves falling into the trap is the best way, because we cannot put a policeman behind each child - that is really not possible.
Account is taken of the fact that cod stocks at a particular point in time are being rebuilt, which is why we cannot simply make reductions, but rather changes are needed.
In the report we also emphasise the fact that the recovery plan will have important consequences for the fishing industry as well as the economic and social development of local communities, and this is why the Commission should reconsider the fishing effort system once cod stocks have significantly improved.
We know that climate change has caused the North Sea to warm up by one and a half degrees and the fighter plankton that the cod larvae feed on have moved hundreds of miles north, which is why most of the big mature cod that we buy in the shops anywhere in Europe comes from around Norway, the Faroes and Iceland.
Having said that, however, they still maintain that the stock is in bad shape and needs to be recovered, which is why we have included it as part of the new cod recovery plan.
It needs support for its renewal and modernisation which is why this is a perfectly natural issue.
Workers must be treated as workers again, and that is why we need a revision of the Directive.
Restoring this social Europe is the reason we have been elected to this House, and this is why we must adopt the report.
I have heard many of my colleagues here this morning re-echo these sentiments, and that is why I am pleased with the efforts of Parliament here this morning.
This is unfair on both sides; and that is why we should make this clear.
It is precisely at a time like this that we need to stick to the 'three times twenty' objectives that we set last year, and that is why the message needs to be very strong.
We must, and I would say this to other speakers as well, stay on course, and that is why we are sticking with the energy and climate change package.
In my opinion, more attention should be given to this area, which is why I am abstaining from the vote on this report.
in writing. - (SV) Joseph Kony and the Lord's Resistance Army are guilty of committing appalling crimes over the last 20 years, which is why the International Criminal Court now wishes to put him on trial.
The European Union has made this choice, and we believe that it is in Russia's interest to make this choice, and this is why we truly wish to continue this dialogue.
Strasbourg is a beautiful city but we cannot get here, and that is why we all complain about the sessions here.
Given the very grave humanitarian situation, we do not wish the population to become a victim of this situation, and that is why the Commission has just released an additional amount of EUR 10 million to deal with the situation in which the people of Zimbabwe find themselves.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission is well aware of the historic importance of the Polish shipyards, and that is why we have been working very hard to find a solution that will allow the restructuring of the sector in a way that provides a livelihood for the regions concerned.
That is what we are talking about, and that is why I mentioned the example of Olympic Airways.
After all, an internal market, and this is why I believe in Europe, can only function well on the basis of trust on the part of industry, the government and the consumer.
The answer is to improve the legislation, which is why we voted against Amendment 24 and Amendment 16, which was both unhelpful and unnecessary because it does not deal with the legislative imperative.
Needless to say, food aid is needed for people who are in immediate peril of death, but ultimately, it is about the long term, which is why food production should return to the EU's development agenda as an area of attention that should be given priority.
The countries neighbouring Bosnia and Herzegovina - as Hannes Swoboda said - will most probably reach the target more quickly, which is why it is our job to keep helping Bosnia and Herzegovina to find the right path and to then join the European Union once the conditions have been met.
The Commission must be equal to its own diagnosis and that is why we anxiously await the concrete proposals to be made by the Commission on 26 November to this House and to the European citizens.
We must therefore allow sufficient time for people to adapt and that is why we propose, on behalf of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, a transitional period for those Member States which still have duty-free outlets, allowing them to gradually adjust to the new situation.
The Solidarity Fund is a political instrument for solving problems, which is why I must once again stress the need to make every effort to take this fundamental issue forward, but we must do so with the necessary changes that are appropriate to today's reality.
For the time being, though, we need to concentrate on real change, and that is why I urge the Commission, and in particular the Council, to support the modification of the European Solidarity Fund.
These financial products strongly affect the lives of consumers, which is why they must be taken into consideration.
I believe we have reached a compromise solution which satisfies all political groups, which is why I hope tomorrow's vote on the report will be successful.
We can only overcome the present financial crisis through joint efforts, which is why we need to unite and work together on this common initiative.
This is the case with the sheep sector and that is why we have agreed to call these small CMOs (common organisation of the markets) as, although small, they are very significant and very politically, economically and socially important to certain regions of Europe where alternatives are very hard to find.
We should take part in it too, which is why a soft landing of the milk quotas is necessary.
The situation is the same in this case, if not even more clear, which is why I am obliged to vote against the motion.
This project seems to have such an objective, which is why I have voted in favour of the Lulling report.
This can only produce positive results, helping to reduce obesity among children by moving closer to the 'five a day' recommendation, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
This is a retrograde step, which is why we do not accept this report, but instead have lodged an alternative proposal.
On internal policies, regarding immigration, once more your Commission has in recent years ceded to the pressure of the Member States, and this is why today, when we talk about legal immigration, in reality we are referring to legislative instruments which remain very weak, and exactly the same can be said with regard to social policy.
As my colleague Mrs Wallis has said, this is why we in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe are making a number of proposals.
With current funding of EUR 12 billion, there is a risk that this mechanism will prove inadequate to meet future requirements, so this is why the Commission has just proposed increasing the assistance available to this country to EUR 25 billion.
I am in full agreement with Mrs McGuinness and this is why we need to develop everything to do with 'Military Erasmus'.
Although the report is not ideal - for example it does not allow the redistributive effect of additional modulation - I am pleased with the final result of the vote in plenary which is why I voted in favour of the legislative resolution.
Particular attention must be given to small farmers, which is why I supported Amendment 211, which introduces a derogation from the additional reduction in direct payments in the case of cooperatives or groups of farmers paid directly and which centralises grants for distribution to their members.
Our farmers rely on subsidies and this is why I have voted in favour of the Capoulas Santos report.
We want people who want to come to use and develop their skills from a wide variety of countries - India, New Zealand, Ghana, China, wherever - and that is why we will not be supporting Amendment 84, nor indeed Amendment 24, which talks about granting Blue Cards only to those highly qualified migrants from countries with which we have previously concluded partnerships.
Yes, we also need to maximise the skills in our own Member States, and that is why we support the amendment recalling, for example, the anti-discrimination legislation, which we also hope will be ambitious in its next stage.
The system - I am not talking here of principles -, the system is slightly overcautious, at times too protectionist, but fundamentally it represents a necessary step forward, and that is why I, personally and as Chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, shall vote in favour of the two reports.
I happen to be one of them, which is why I am aware of this.
Financing and the information strategy can also bring about contradictory results, which is why particular care is needed to ensure that we do not hit a nerve among our citizens, who do not want to see money being squandered unnecessarily on the events, publications and decentralised activities you mentioned.
The structure and governance of ERA are extremely important, and that is why we have to be patient.
Social security and pension systems in the Member States have traditionally been designed, developed and financed in very different ways, which is why it will not be possible to harmonise them at an EU level.
I have just spoken to him on the telephone, which is why I am a couple of minutes late, and have congratulated him warmly on behalf of all you - I hope I am allowed to do this - and, of course, on behalf of his political friends from Bavaria on reaching his 96th birthday.
This has a disastrous impact on respect for the law and this is why we are placing such a great emphasis on equal treatment for everyone affected by an OLAF investigation.
in writing. - I support workers' rights, which is why I voted in favour of this report.
(RO) The EU economic recovery plan provides for sound investments, which is why it supports the increase in budget allocations by around EUR 200 billion for the period ahead, as part of the economic growth and stability pact.
Mr Dăianu, it is true that the regulation of financial markets should be coordinated at international level; that is why, on the initiative of the European Union, the Washington Summit was held.
But the fundamental problem is - and that is why what has been said about the organisation is also correct: if we do not establish structures with the representatives of Roma organisations, we will fail because we will always talk paternalistically about their problems and not try to solve their problems together with them - including their objections.
It would be in order for all of us here to recognise that we are concerned about people and that is why we take the position that we take.
These are the options facing us and that is why I think it is important that we can respond with a facility such as this.
If I may say so, this is why we shall obviously make the best possible use of all the debates and opinions that we shall hear this morning, and even early this afternoon, and I hope that this codecision procedure will enable us to take this major step, a step which, I might add, European citizens are anxious to see. It is a responsible step and a step towards hope.
There are numerous links between these five texts, which is why they must be tackled as a coherent political whole.
Combating climate change and promoting eco-innovations also means, in the medium term, kick-starting Europe's economy and industry. It also means planning our investments, today, in order to safeguard jobs, tomorrow, and that is why we must secure the support of the citizens.
Mr President, eyes and minds are now focused on the key issues and that is why I think we are making progress But, Minister and Commissioner, you have not heard today the voice that I think you should be hearing and that is voice of the low-income countries.
in writing. - (PL) Mrs Grabowska's report proposes simplification of the child support system, across the entire European Union, which is why I support it.
The proposal under consideration appears to be a further step in the right direction at any rate, which is why I also voted in favour of it.
That said, let us not be naïve - in this complex and dangerous world in which we live, these subjects are sensitive, and that is why I rose up to oppose the oral amendment tabled by Mr Pflüger. In my eyes it is too quick to make a link between the Code of Conduct, the implementation of the future Directive on intra-Community transfers of defence-related goods, and the control of arms exports.
All avenues remain open, therefore, and that is why I am calling for a truce on this issue of the opt-out.
They fail to compete and jobs are lost, which is why France abandoned its 35-hour working week.
The current economic impasses and social agitation are clearly due to the structural crisis in the neoliberal model, which is why the Council's common position should be withdrawn and a new proposal should be put forward which will promote solidarity, political equality and social justice.
Today when the possibilities of increasing the productivity of labour allow working times to be reduced and free time to be increased, this sort of proposal is unacceptable, which is why we are radically opposed to the Council's common position and Mr Cercas's proposal.
The law will only work, though, if it is enforced, and that is why it is good that we are giving more power in this law to 27 Member States' enforcement bodies to demand all the necessary information they need for any operator in the supply chain and, where necessary, to conduct raids on premises.
To close, I should like to point out that liability takes many forms in the toy safety sector, which is why importers and distributors should ensure that specifications are complied with.
Your comments concerning noise - that toys must, of course, not cause damage to hearing - are quite correct: that is why the directive contains rules concerning that.
In particular, Euro 6 reduces fine particulates and nitrogen oxides: fine particulates alone are responsible for more than 348 000 premature deaths in Europe, which is why I would perhaps have hoped for a more ambitious limit here.
It is important that citizens cannot mistake tokens similar to euro coins for the euro itself, which is why I have voted in favour of the Ryan report.
We also need the commitment of our partners, particularly our US partners, which is why, as I said at the end of the European Council, now that we Europeans are taking the lead on this matter, we can say to our US friends: 'Yes you can!
That is the policy: when VIPs are with us, we prostrate ourselves, and that is why we reject this policy when it is expressed in this way.
However, we do not want to allow the situation to escalate and this is why I have not spoken about it in public until now.
That is how it was, but that is not the Europe of today and that is why I called for reconstruction of this Franco-German axis, on a bilateral basis.
Germany is the largest economy in the EU and that is why it is a good thing that the EU partners have reminded the German Government of its responsibility.
We are in a situation we have never been in before, and that is why I welcome the dynamic leadership we have had, in contrast with Mr Kirkhope's party, whose members, like rabbits paralysed in the headlights, think that doing nothing is the only solution to our great crisis.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, CO2 is not poisonous, nor is it explosive, but CO2 does have one unpleasant property: if it gets into the atmosphere in large quantities, our climate changes, which is why carbon capture and storage (CCS) technology is an important bridging technology.
The only way to move forward with CCS research without allowing this to happen is by adopting a clear emissions performance standard and that is why the Verts/ALE Group has tabled an amendment to control the level of emissions from new fossil-fuel power stations.
In principle, during the production of algae oil, there is far less CO2 involved, and that is why it is so attractive for oil companies and others to invest in precisely these technologies.
We should do this, though, in a uniform manner, and this is why I am in favour of one maximum amount.
All this must also be reflected in the European budget, however, which is why new priorities are necessary.
It is important to act in good time; which is why we need more resources for the Instrument for Stability.
We should be taking the right course, therefore, and that is why I abstained.
This Directive would have been exactly the right place to give Sunday a real footing as the non-working day throughout Europe, and that is why I find this regrettable.
The report includes strict sustainability criteria so that this report really can produce positive change and reductions in emissions which is why I support it.
The compromise reached between the European Parliament and the Council, although not ideal (for example, since it allows excessive use of flexibility mechanisms), is generally balanced in my opinion, and that is why I voted for this report.
The whole system is half-baked, which is why I abstained from voting on this report.
On the one hand, it is right to urge the automobile industry to make CO2 reductions, which is why we voted in favour of the proposal.
This report will bring a real improvement in living standards to thousands of Scottish employees which is why I support it.
Other measures to promote road safety are being left behind in the process, which is why I rejected this report.
My plane took off later than scheduled, which is why I was late.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (PT) Europe tends to closely scrutinise human rights in all four corners of the world - and it is right to do so - and that is why we are today celebrating 20 years of the Sakharov Prize.
Sport is very necessary and also popular and that is why any programme in connection with Article 149 should be closely linked to the space and agenda of education and young people, for sport has been added explicitly to Article 149 for the first time.
Indeed, we are well aware that we need to adapt our rules to the specific circumstances of small and medium-sized enterprises, and that is why we very strongly support the plan for small and medium-sized enterprises that has been proposed by the Commission and endorsed by the Council.
I am well aware, however, that there is still more work to be done, and that is why the Commission is going to prepare a Green Paper on the authentic act and possibly on other public documents, to really have the opportunity of a broad-based consultation on this subject.
Mr Medina says that the authentic act - and this is why I say that we must look carefully and we must look deeply - has to be a public act.
The toy industry has frequently highlighted the fact that we cannot compromise on the safety of our children, which is why they are in favour of the proposed changes.
However, the potential scope of e-Justice could be much wider, which is why the boundaries of its action must be clearly defined so that the effectiveness and credibility of the EU's actions are not called into question.
If we recognise and monitor sensibly, if efforts are made for professional and informed use and if we also take into account that agricultural production takes place within a global market, we strike the right balance, and that is why this compromise receives our support.
I am talking about one of the key environmental and health issues, and that is why only a change in the development paradigm can help us, not mere cosmetic actions.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, as has already been mentioned, my colleague Ms Kroes had a small accident so that is why she cannot be with us.
The Community standards imposed on food producers are stringent, which is why food prices in the EU are high.
This needs to be counteracted, which is why it is so crucial and so important that the Stability and Growth Pact must not be undermined or discarded.
I agree that the common agricultural policy should be adapted to the new conditions in order to better address the problems of food security, and this is why the removal of instruments which manage markets and a reduction in the level of EU expenditure on agriculture in the future financial perspective should be opposed.
I abstained because it was my party's whip to abstain on this report, but everybody knows that food security is a very important subject to us all, which is why I am bemused by the way that this place deals with such a matter.
There is no two-way dialogue, and that is why the citizens of the EU, when they are given the chance and asked about the Treaty of Lisbon, will choose to reject it.
This agreement is another fundamental step in the external dimension of the European transport policy, which is why I voted in favour of this report.
The planned changes will improve the situation for consumers, which is why I voted in favour.
Madam President, I consider the adopted reports on pesticides and plant protection products to be the best we could achieve, as well as realistic and fruitful, and that is why I gave them my support.
The planned regulations are a step in the right direction, which is why I voted for them, but far more is needed.
I know that Europe has no jurisdiction over this area - the issuing of passports is a national prerogative - and that is why I was very happy when Commissioner Barrot agreed to having the European Commission collaborate in this study on breeder documents.
Medicines are subject to strict supervision, which is why it is not possible to put any old thing on the market.
All warnings and measures to regulate the use of dichloromethane have proved to be ineffective, in view of the high toxicity and the volatility of this chemical compound, which is why it is necessary to completely withdraw dichloromethane from widespread consumer use.
As has been said here, our goal is for it to enter into force soon, preferably before 2012, which is why we are calling for its ratification by all Member States.
This is why I supported and fought for the adoption of this report, and this is why the Hungarian delegation of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats also voted for it, in spite of several debatable adopted paragraphs which we cannot agree with, as we consider it unacceptable to regulate certain issues at EU level.
in writing. - (NL) Common sense has prevailed in the Coelho report, and this is why I have emphatically voted in favour of it.
And that is why we have to be very clear here.
Partnership cannot be built on prohibitions and sanctions, which is why I am pleased to note the European Commission's latest initiative aimed at improving relations with Belarus.
The massacre in Srebrenica must never be forgotten, which is why we welcome and support the initiative to proclaim 11 July the commemorative day for the victims of this genocide.
We can use this to promote our products in a positive way, and this is why transport of animals is not only a motive but it is essential to have the right legislation in place.
The Mediterranean diet still consists of high-fibre bread, large amounts of fruit and vegetables - which is why we welcome the Commission's School Fruit Scheme - fish, dairy products in moderation, and wine too.
Partnerships cannot be built on prohibitions and orders, which is why I welcome the European Commission's recent initiative to improve relations with Belarus.
If we do not measure, we will not have results, and that is why we need a baseline against which improvements can be measured.
It is, unfortunately, damned hard, which is why the answer is so varied.
Indeed, triggering a strong public-sector demand for the development of new innovative products and services in Europe can make a difference, especially for our SMEs, and that is why I welcome the initiative.
I refer to the phenomenon of trafficking in abandoned infants which we have seen emerging on the Internet and, when I say Internet, I mean not just the World Wide Web and the chatrooms which children enter from their bedrooms, but also the numerous other means, including mobiles, which children can use, which is why we need to make provision for all the parameters.
In other words, we are at last treating illegal immigrants as human beings, without at the same time legalising illegal immigration, which is why we support this compromise.
We must therefore mobilise to defend these rights and this is why I think we should give our support to this report, because it is a decisive step in the introduction of minimum standards and in the fight against illegal working and the exploitation of migrant workers.
Today's report appears to be a step in the right direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
And this is why we must insist they be held accountable.
The differences between the different countries are too large, and that is why we have the problems that we are talking about now.
However, there is one concern about our tactics and we need, first of all, to convince society at large and then proceed dynamically to integrate certain productive sectors into the quantum leap by agriculture: that is why we need to remember that agriculture has already been included in the national commitments to reduce emissions by 10% by 2020, that there are already important proposals from the CAP for environmentally-friendly agricultural practices and that international agreements on agriculture must be reciprocal for all international partners.
The second lock in the series is the United States and that is why we are putting so much emphasis on making contact as quickly as possible with the new US administration and why we are planning a joint visit in the Troika together with the upcoming Swedish presidency and the Commissioner for Environment Stavros Dimas.
The fact is that our voters saw through us long ago, which is why, at every opportunity, they vote 'no'.
Some of the proposals made in this report are typical examples of this, which is why I voted against it.
That is what this is about, and that is why we favour a common foreign and security policy over nationalist foreign policy.
We also wanted to support the promotion of university exchanges and that is why, for example, I decided to extend the Erasmus Mundus programme to the countries of the southern Mediterranean to offer them extra university grants.
Member States' budgets are under great pressure in facing up to these challenges, which is why the best instruments and actions need to be found to prevent them from greatly exceeding the limits envisaged by the Commission for the budgetary deficit and to prevent protectionist measures from being adopted by some Member States or in favour of private manufacturers.
The Union's current legal basis for development cooperation, however, is flawed in terms of legislation, and that is why I would like to thank the rapporteur for raising what is an important issue.
That is why public financing has to act counter-cyclically and that is why, even in Europe, we have had that kind of example.
I am particularly concerned about the future of adolescents and children, which is why I have proposed action to make citizens aware of the deterioration in the state of mental health in children whose parents have emigrated, along with the introduction of programmes in schools designed to help these young people face the psychological problems linked to their parents' absence.
I believe this report is also about job creation, and that is why I supported it.
(PL) Madam President, the Eastern Partnership is a project of the utmost importance, which is why I am eager to see it become a priority in terms of European Union foreign policy.
The whole issue of capturing whales for scientific purposes is still a 'cover' for the capture of these mammals, which is why the EU must intervene in terms of revising this international position.
This is yet another directive which lays bare the inhuman immigration policy of the EU, which is why we can only reject it.
Yet so far-reaching is this step that we believe the matter must first be carefully examined, which is why we support the debate - indeed!
We must further promote the process of enlargement of the European Union and this is why we need the Lisbon Treaty.
Employee participation in SMEs exists only in a few Member States, and this is why a solution based on national laws, which would allow for the coexistence of different models, seemed the most appropriate and reasonable approach.
Declarations of intent alone are of no use to SMEs, and that is why we make a crystal clear call for national and European legislation to be led by the 'Think Small First' principle, and we have made four demands.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we decide laws at European level for several hundred million people, and that is why transparency is required.
(DE) Mr President, the problem of the estrangement of the public from politics in the EU is something that is well known, which is why we attempt to demonstrate our citizen-friendliness over and over again.
It is very difficult to get speaking time in some of the key debates if you are not in agreement with the big group's line, without either dramatically compromising your position or kissing backside in endless mind-numbingly boring meetings, and that is why, for people like me, explanations of vote are very important.
This initiative appears to be taking us in that direction, and that is why I have voted for it.
It is clear how important SMEs are within the European Union, and that is why I intend to support Mrs Herczog's careful piece of work.
This report is a serious attempt to deliver what Parliament has called for over many years. It will be an important tool in combating congestion, in improving the environment and in facilitating modal shift, which is why it deserves our full support.
(RO) I would like to start by saying that the current directive was implemented badly or inadequately, which is why I would like to ask the Commission whether it is considering cutting VAT on products too in the future.
It is much more complicated on the worldwide web, and that is why we have developed a whole series of instruments in order to fight such crime.
Member of the Commission. - Crime is crime wherever it happens, and that is why we also have instruments to go after crime when it is committed on the Internet.
The problem of the Internet, of course, is that it goes beyond national territory, which is why collaboration between police forces and those forces which combat terrorism and international crime has to be reinforced.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, I have a high personal regard for you, and that is why I regret the fact that Commissioner Rehn is not here, as I am far from satisfied with that answer.
It is hypocritical of us to say that there is no family and that is why there are abandoned children.
Citizens now expect Europe to act, and this is why it is mystifying that many national leaders, even now, remain caught in the 'each to his own' policy.
The Presidency is devoting particular attention to this issue, which is why we have called an additional meeting in early May on the problem of growing unemployment.
We want to protect jobs in the European economy, which is why the spending programmes were necessary.
Our economies are integrated with each other, and the crisis is a global one, and this is why the recovery measures proposed must also constitute a response which is global in character and extent.
The Eurovignette under consideration today seems to represent a reasonable compromise which is why I have voted in favour of it.
These countries are facing increased financing difficulties, which is why I clearly support the possibility of having, in the eurozone, a single central issuer of European public debt.
This is exactly what the Ferreira report proposes, which is why I voted against it.
I fully agree with Deputy Prime Minster Vondra that the accession negotiations with Croatia have generally been going well since they started in October 2005, and that is why, in November 2008, the Commission proposed an indicative road map for reaching the final stage of accession negotiations by the end of 2009, provided Croatia fulfils the necessary conditions.
We are perhaps sometimes somewhat arrogant when we debate candidate countries, which is why I should like to raise the issue of personal responsibility, because we discuss the prospects and shortcomings of candidate countries here but, on the other hand, we have very fundamental political forces, such as the conservatives in Germany, who want to push for Croatia to be accepted and for no other states to follow.
(DE) Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, Croatia is the first country for whose accession to the European Union, following experience from the last two enlargements with Romania and Bulgaria, the bar has rightly been set very high, which is why the benchmarks and progress made by Croatia are especially praiseworthy.
Unfortunately, however, over and beyond this clear position, there are additional phrases in paragraphs 12 and 13 which undermine efforts to resolve the problem and encourage intransigence, which is why they are absolutely unacceptable, while Amendments 1 and 2 restore the correct wording to paragraphs 12 and 13.
Such development has to be done in accordance with the notion of the public good, and that is why I am pleased that the text of the resolution points out that public-private partnerships must be strictly defined and subject to regulation.
We now have the opportunity to send a parliamentary delegation to Istanbul, and it would be advantageous if our presence there were supported by an equally strong resolution as that of 2006: we are not quite there yet, which is why I am tabling these amendments.
As for the focus on immigration, despite the shameful directive, I believe that in this specific case it is talking about human rights and the rights of migrants, which is why I think it is very appropriate.
On the other hand, there are aspects of the report that we do not like, which is why we are going to abstain.
Such a country should be allowed to join the European Union, should it choose to, based on its own self-determination - which is why my previous colleagues should possibly reflect on this matter.
Therefore, stability in the region matters a great deal, and that is why we need to make it clear to those in power that it is only through dialogue, only through the rule of law, only by strengthening democracy, infrastructure and small and medium-sized enterprises that this country will finally find long-term stability.
Madam President, the truth is that we knew the order to expel the NGOs was coming, and that is why I reaffirm that my preference is for a firm and clear line that is also pragmatic.
We are not afraid of transparency at intergroup level, which is why we are urging you to make an assessment, quite openly, of the intergroups during this term of office.
However, I know from my visit to Port Moresby at the last ACP meeting that there are other Pacific countries that would like to sign a final agreement provided it meets their requirements, which is why, in my case, I am actually in favour of the interim agreement.
While we should be ambitious, there must also be no imposed dialogue, which is why issues like government procurement have already been removed from some negotiations, and Singapore issues only included when they are welcomed and wanted by the countries concerned.
Unfortunately, and this is why I have some misgivings, for some of us there are issues, questions and fears that still remain in relation to these Economic Partnership Agreements.
They have to be harmless to humans and to the environment, and that is why we now need a review of all biocidal agents.
The European Council did not allow me to do that, which is why I sent the country strategy papers to the joint parliamentary assembly. Through that channel, you sent them on to the various parliaments of Europe, but all that does not add up to any sort of institutional rule, as I sincerely wish were the case.
That is why - although Parliament has already condemned this practice on several occasions in previous years and in fact gave funding through DAPHNE to 14 projects to combat female genital mutilation - that is why today we again find ourselves discussing this topic, because the phenomenon has unfortunately not become less prevalent, but remains on the increase.
The new concept of territorial cohesion is included, which is why a consultation process was started - which is now about to end - that must be taken into account.
Lastly, in addition to other important aspects that we have not highlighted here, we would reaffirm that it is unacceptable for regions to be financially harmed by the so-called statistical effect, which is why measures cancelling out this effect must be adopted.
As is well known, the implementation of the strategies and operational programmes for the 2007-2013 period is still in its initial stages, which is why the scope of application of the report being debated is still restricted.
Language lies at the heart of one's identity, and that is why we in the European Union should nurture multilingualism.
By touching on these topics and others of interest to Europe's citizens, the report and recommendations from Mr Lambsdorff mark a step forward, which is why I am voting for it.
This report would have compromised and constrained the Government's ability to tax tobacco, which is why I abstained.
It is estimated that in Europe some 500 000 women have been victims of this crime, which is why it is vital that the European Commission and the Member States work together to harmonise existing legislation in order to prevent and eliminate FGM in the European Union.
The reasons for my disagreement derive from a different view of territorial cohesion, which is why I feel I cannot endorse the rapporteur's considerations.
The markets have said so, which is why our currency has devalued by 30%, and soon the voters, too, will get their chance to say so.
The ATM Master Plan requires huge resources, which is why it must be possible to use public financing where necessary, and the initial investment should not be pre-financed by users.
I wanted to say to you that that is why I am so relaxed about this issue, because I do not believe that we are making life unnecessarily difficult for the industry, as the USB standard is already in place.
I feel that this is a question I cannot respond to if you ask me at this point in time, and that is why I am pre-empting it.
This is a key building-block in restoring confidence, and this is why the Commission will continue to adopt the proposals as set out in its communication of 4 March 2009 on hedge funds and private equity, on executive pay and on how to follow up on the ideas set out in the report of the high-level group I have established under the leadership of Mr de Larosière.
In my opinion, however, you are here as the President-in-Office of the European Council, which is why I fail to understand your comment about obstruction by the social democrats.
On the contrary, what we are seeing is increased convergence between Europe and the United States and hopefully others - because it is not just for us and the Americans - and that is why I am confident about a positive result of the G20 Summit.
To conclude, that is why I think we should build on what was already agreed and focus now on implementation, with strong coordination and a strong commitment to concrete results.
Euro-federalists - including the author of this report, the good Baroness Ludford - well understand this point, which is why for the past five years their chief endeavour has to been harmonise justice and home affairs.
- Madam President, as you can see, my colleagues are jealous of our relationship, which is why they have acted as our chaperones here this afternoon.
Many things have changed in the years since, which is why we need a new partnership agreement.
For the successful implementation of the EU Strategy for Central Asia it is important to have all Central Asian countries involved, and that is why it is important to create conditions for involvement of Turkmenistan as well.
I would like you to look into this again and that is why I specifically ask you to do me a favour: look into our paragraph 11, where we raise our concern with regard to the legal obligation and the differences between the Interim Trade Agreement and the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement.
This is one of the most important lessons of the history of the past decades, and this is why it is important that we remember the horrors of totalitarianism.
So that is why I said we do not need more legislation, rather due and appropriate implementation, and then, of course, further evolution and improvements.
My report is not a single-issue report; it is a report that talks generally about protecting fundamental rights and security on the Internet and, indeed, that is why it received unanimous support.
We would like to promote an increased legal certainty, which is why we started the process.
However, this just emphasises once again the aspect of socio-political responsibility, which is why I would advocate co-financing.
This is not the direction we should be moving in, and that is why we need to ponder these matters nationally, and, more than anything, establish a system in which farmers, the producers of food, can survive, and in which people can buy good quality, healthy food at a reasonable price.
Our constant experience with Russia has been one of unity; that is why I say that in the area of energy, where Europe has deficiencies, we must let Russia know that our friendship should continue, but with clear rules, as gentlemen always had and as we have always had, but now in the form of written rules.
My group has great difficulties with this report by Mr Onyszkiewicz, which is why we voted against it in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Strategic partnerships run the risk of having only limited defensibility and reliability, which is why the EU has to protect itself against unreliability.
There are some points included in the report which do not satisfy all of us, which is why we shall support certain amendments which have been tabled and which strengthen cohesion.
No, it is not, and this is why I am asking the Commission and the Member States:
Nevertheless, this report's clear position on the realisation of the free internal market has outweighed the negatives, which is why we have decided to vote in favour of it.
For all these reasons, which led me to vote against that report, I cannot fully support this report, which is why I have abstained.
This is unacceptable, which is why I welcome the adoption of this text by the European Parliament, despite the incomprehensible vote against by the right.
The June List believes the EU to be a union of values, and that is why I am very much in favour of a broad directive against discrimination.
Unfortunately, we do not have space for everything and that is why we were forced to vote against some of the amendments to the resolution.
Non-democratic regimes remain in perpetual fear, which is why they persecute journalists, imprison and torture them, and even kill them.
This Labelling Directive also benefits the manufacturers of quality car tyres, which is why we attach so much importance to monitoring its implementation, which is essential for creating an equal playing field, except that it is at a high level.
It goes without saying that environmental friendliness should never be at the expense of safety, and this is why we have tabled amendments to this effect.
The price of energy is rising; it is an expensive commodity, and that is why people's rights have to be guaranteed.
The consumer must have the option of choosing his or her service provider, which is why he or she also needs a smart meter.
If the US can do it, we should do it, and that is why Parliament is seeking to amend this proposal.
We believe that this can be better achieved if Parliament closely monitors the application of the new instrument from the outset, which is why we called for this own-initiative report.
The answer to this second question will be given by us because, as co-legislators, we shall exert pressure so that we do not just stay with the Gauzès report on credit rating agencies, which failed to see the iceberg coming towards the Titanic, which is why what happened did happen, but which quickly saw that certain Member States needed to be downgraded because they did not 'allegedly' have an adequate credit rating.
They have taken guarantees, they have debts, they have equity stakes, and that is why I wonder whether the European Union ought not to propose, as part of the new global regulation of capitalism, the creation of a global public state rating agency, an independent body that would come under the International Monetary Fund and would enable citizens to have an idea, via these ratings, of the quality of the finance of states, which, I repeat, have become key financial players.
Completing the internal market is one of the EU's fundamental objectives and that is why our joint efforts to achieve the best possible competition conditions in various economic sectors are so important.
Immigration is a common concern in the EU countries, which is why the latter must act in concert to find an appropriate response to this problem.
The importance of cross-border links to progress in the European transport network is clear, which is why we support improved interconnections between all modes of transport, in particular those which have found it more difficult to transform and develop, such as rail or maritime transport.
On the other hand, unrestricted opening of the freight transport market would lead to distortions as a result of unfair competition - which is why this is being tackled gradually.
As long as salary and working conditions are more or less the same, I personally do not have any problem with this, but this is clearly not the case yet across the board, and that is why this intermediate step is necessary.
So, I think that today we are discussing topics that affect the lives of all citizens, which is why I am persuaded that as far as the bus and coach proposal is concerned, support should be given - and the meeting of the Committee on Transport and Tourism of 30 March showed encouraging signs of this - to the Commission's approach for the widest possible scope, covering all regular passenger transport services whether international, national, regional, urban or suburban.
I think that the major instrument - that is why this discussion was very much one of the topics of the G20 summit - should be channelled via IMF support.
The Commission is aware that provisions on state aid found in existing trade agreements, such as the 1972 agreement with Switzerland, need to be improved and that is why, in line with the conclusions of its 2006 communication 'Global Europe: competing in the world', the objective of the Commission is to try and negotiate stronger rules on state aid and better remedies, such as the application of a dispute settlement mechanism, in future free trade agreements.
This is why I am profoundly grateful to Mr Crowley, Mrs Gill, Commissioner McCreevy and the Commission for all of this work. It reflects the state of the world, increased life expectancy and new uses for works, and this is why we must adopt this text - to try to ensure that it is made definitive at first reading.
We think not, and that is why the European Parliament did not want us to keep quiet, did not want us to keep quiet on urban mobility. Rather, in some ways it wanted us to use this initiative to call on the Commission to take up this matter again as a priority for the next mandate.
Parliament's decision to go ahead with its own action plan before any Commission proposal was made sends a strong political signal; that is why I emphasised the significance of Mr Savary's work as rapporteur, as it shows how much importance Parliament attaches to a job we absolutely cannot afford to neglect.
That is what we are aiming for, and that is why we are calling for a financial instrument.
However, I think that it is important for intelligent transport systems to relate to all types of transport and not just urban transport, which is why I have made amendments with this in mind.
(DE) Madam President, in competition with road freight traffic, freight traffic on the railways only stands a chance if it really is established throughout Europe, which is why I welcome the introduction of cross-border freight traffic corridors, on which freight traffic will be optimised.
Neither must we exclude disabled people, which is why I am delighted that many of my amendments on this point have been accepted.
It is a problem right across the European Union, and that is why it is extremely important that your initiative on health-care-associated infections should go ahead.
This is therefore an excellent example in the health sector where Europe can add particular value, which is why the Commission has approved the strategic action.
This report is a step in the right direction, which is why I voted for it.
Thirdly, and this is why we should act now, not only to maintain the perspective, but also to make it realisable: Greece must lift the blockade in NATO to Macedonia's membership and we must unite in recognising the independence of Kosovo, otherwise our EULEX mission will suffer.
If the EU moves forward, it can set the standard, which is why I completely fail to understand why the majority in this House obviously does not want to support these ambitious aims of reducing weapons of mass destruction.
This is why the amendments that have been tabled are liable simply to confuse the naked urgency and necessity of this message, and that is why I hope they will not be adopted.
I also think that motherhood and fatherhood are a fact of life, which is why I agree with treating this matter in the way it deserves and not like a problem or possibly an inconvenience.
Unfortunately, it seems that we Europeans are showing no interest in that treasure and this is why European culture and identity are coming under threat.
And then, from 2004 on, they have been covered by Article 90 of the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants, which is why they are now called AICs.
I consider the compromise to be totally in line with this objective, which is why I fully support it.
That is why we attach particular importance to the provisions relating to public procurement, that is why we attach particular importance to the adoption of incentives to promote the most efficient appliances and that is why we want to strengthen the provisions relating to market control and supervision.
Nevertheless, some good approaches for improving access to documents do appear in the report, which is why I also voted for it.
It was not in fact the time to discuss internally how we organise ourselves, which is why I want the Treaty of Lisbon to be quickly ratified so that we can face the world stage united, standing shoulder-to-shoulder as Europeans.
Finally, can I say that all of us clearly have different views on all sides of this House, but one thing we have in common is that we all care about the issues, which is why so many of us have been overrunning our speaking time.
The workers and farmers understand that these measures are being taken in order to strengthen capital and the monopolies, which is why they are rejecting them and fighting them and demanding that grassroots changes be satisfied so that they do not become the beasts of burden of the crisis.
In my opinion, 10% is far more appropriate and that is why I have tabled an amendment.
Introduction of new legislation in this area will limit the unnecessary suffering of animals, and this is why the legislation is needed.
Nonetheless, I have to say that we in Europe are naturally dissatisfied with many areas of the interplay between the institutions of the European Union and that is why we have negotiated this reform treaty over the last eight months.
As for the debate on the Lisbon Treaty, it proved to be very intense, and that is why the Senate has not approved the Lisbon Treaty until now, following long discussions on the subject.
Finally, Mr President, can I thank you for all those who are here tonight, because I think only the lonely are here tonight, and we are all hopelessly devoted to you because that is why we are here tonight.
I believe that the slots belong to the public and not to the airports or the airlines, and that is why we must pay particular attention to this in the future.
These are our major challenges, and this is why the Treaty of Lisbon will provide us with an exceptional tool to meet those challenges.
The Chinese regime is aware that a longing for freedom and the rule of law are concomitant with Christianity, and that is why it is trying to halt the spread of that religion.
However, a recent article published in the Wall Street Journal attracted my attention in particular, and this is why I am making it a duty of honour to present this article to Parliament and to put forward the requests made by its authors.
In Northern Ireland, we have not forgotten the victims of our past and of terrorism and that is why I would ask this Parliament to back the campaign for compensation from Libya.
It does not, however, explain environmental disasters, especially if the same phenomena recur every few years, and that is why we might need to be better prepared.
That is what this resolution requests, and that is why we shall be supporting it wholeheartedly tomorrow.
I agree, and this is why the responsibility and the powers of the European Parliament are growing.
I cannot find any of these things in your programme, Mr Barroso, which is why I cannot vote for you.
Over-regulation is significantly reducing people's motivation and alienating them from the concept of Europe, which is why we want an independent assessment of the impact of legislation.
Mr Špidla has carried out that analysis, and that is why I can now propose a solution, trying to get a broad agreement in this Parliament.
I am committed to social and economic cohesion, and that is why I believe this caricature that some try to present is damaging Europe.
Finally, as you call everyone who does not agree with your programme anti-European, you will not have the ear of all Europeans, especially those who want a different Europe, which is why, in my opinion, Mr Barroso, you are not suited to this position.
That is why, I might add, we launched the interconnections programme in the Baltic states, and that is why it was the Commission that broke the deadlock on the Nabucco issue - and let us be clear, it was completely deadlocked.
It is right to say that no risky players, no risky financial centre can remain without reasonable regulation, which is why we need regulation of the offshore centres from which dubious products are flooding the entire world.
People in Tajikistan have no wish to see the return of bloodshed, which is why they have given courageous support to NATO operations against the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The European neighbourhood policy is one means of making fortress Europe even more impenetrable, which is why it is looked on very sceptically from our point of view, from the point of view of the GUE/NGL.
All the countries in the world are interlinked like a connecting vessel, which is why we also need to demonstrate our maturity by ensuring that all the countries in this region are given equal attention, regardless of their size, stage of development or how much energy wealth they possess.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is why, once more, we will build a Europe of regulations and of values that we hold very dear.
This law flies in the face of European values, which is why I was delighted that Commissioner Barrot responded on this back in July.
However, action needs to follow and we see none, which is why I would ask that you brief us properly once again on this issue in the run-up to negotiations on the agreement.
However, these initial measures, on which we will vote today, are not enough to support the producers in crisis, and that is why the Committee on Agriculture, through an oral question and a resolution on which we are preparing to vote, is calling on the European Commission to introduce new and effective measures to combat the crisis and to support the sector.
We must say 'yes' to the coal policy, and that is why we need new power station technology.
However, in this case the Union comes very close to infringing the principle of sovereignty of a Member State, and that is why I have opposed this resolution, also bearing in mind that it would have a negative result on the Irish referendum as a bad example of how the sovereignty of the Member States could be treated.
Despite certain positive elements, this resolution does not meet these expectations: that is why I abstained from the final vote.
Mrs De Keyser, this is why it was necessary to hold an emergency debate.
That is what we need to have in place and that is why I am so precise in saying that we are now at number 24.
So the question is: how long does it take? And that is why I stated very quickly - and Prime Minister Reinfeldt knows what I think about it - that it is one thing to wait for some weeks and another thing to be waiting we do not know until when.
Member States and their leaders have, of course, invested a lot of time and energy in this procedure and this is why it is not static: it cannot be compared with a football match.
The expansion of the protection area does not, however, extend as far as the location where the fishermen are fishing, and that is why we are issuing a call to the ship operators, asking them not to go outside the security area, and we are urging the European Union and its Member States to grant an extension to the south of the coverage of Atalanta and more resources to guarantee the free movement of the 20 000 vessels crossing an ocean whose surface is three times greater than that of the Mediterranean.
I think I can understand better why the Italians do not trust the Left to govern in Italy for more than a few months, the reason being that upon analysing this party's policy it becomes clear that it can only suit those who want to attack the very concept of democracy, which is why I believe that they should have heeded the Italian President, and from here I would like to greet him, when he said that this debate has no place within this Parliament, but should be dealt with within the Italian Parliament.
That must be clear in the motion and its title, which is why we are asking for support for our motion.
The European institutions do not just include the Commission or the Council alone; they also include this Parliament, and that is why we are asking for codecision.
Firstly - and it is true, as you said, I am addressing the Council here - large-scale and long-term action to combat climate change, which means having a new, more ambitious Kyoto Protocol, and that is why the Copenhagen Summit in December is so important; secondly, an increase in the financial aid for the commitments already made so as to attain 0.7% of GDP by 2015; and, lastly, thirdly, legal protection for these new environmental refugees who are starting to flood in.
(FR) Mr President, we are the main ones responsible for climate change, but developing countries are its main victims, which is why the developed countries, which are also the biggest polluters, will have to make some strong commitments in Copenhagen.
There are indeed some sectors, often called 'traditional sectors' in certain European countries, especially, but not exclusively, in the south of Europe, which are particularly vulnerable to the new conditions of international competition, and that is why they are making a special effort to adapt to these new conditions.
It does not really work as something brought in from the outside, and that is why I would like to emphasise the importance of including civil society in the process, because that way, democracy grows organically, as it were: from the grassroots of society.
I am keen to stress that in this regard, Parliament considers it essential to be involved at every stage of the decision-making process in order to guarantee democratic scrutiny, and this is why we believe that the Commission should notify Parliament in advance of how it will actually use these new powers conferred under Article 186 for the milk sector as well.
It is an offer, and that is why I do not want to make it compulsory; it is a possibility for helping farmers out of business.
There are actually clear conditions for an economic recovery in the near future, which is why we can initiate the discussions on reducing the financial incentives in certain areas.
Has it occurred to you that, in the 10 years of debates, you and your colleagues have simply failed to convince enough people, and that is why you and your colleagues have had to resort to the blatant manipulation to which I referred earlier to get the Treaty through?
We are not far beyond that now, which is why we simply cannot continue to rotate the presidency of the European Council every six months and have up to five different people speaking on foreign affairs-related issues for the Union.
In that context it is not only important that we are well organised to run Europe internally; it is also important that we are equipped to deal with situations like this in the developing world, which is why I want to make a case for a strong, independent, separate Commissioner for development aid who will have his or her own clear budget and remit and who will be accountable to this Chamber through our Committee on Development.
This is a principle that the Conservatives hold dear, and this is why I am proud that the European Conservative and Reformist Group played its part in voting down this despicable resolution.
All of them must complete at least part of their education together and this is why we are calling for a European External Action Academy.
But I do want to agree with Mrs Malmström that this is not prejudiced by retaining responsibility for trade development and enlargement in the Commission, which is why I have collaborated with my colleague, Mr Gualtieri, on an amendment to paragraph 6(c) supporting bringing together EU development policy programming and implementation.
Small countries do not have much money and do not have representations all over Europe and all over the world, which is why they have high hopes of this service.
We no doubt need to work on the right balance between ambition and realism, which is why we are working on medium-term priority tasks for the TEC.
We are cooperating with Turkey, but you have not given me a clear reply, which is why I wish to focus on and repeat my question as to whether Turkish airspace was, in fact, violated during the Frontex mission, as it claims.
Thank you for taking the question, because Mr Kelly is very shy and he has not said that he was a former President of the Gaelic Athletic Association, the most important sporting movement in Ireland, and that is why his interest is in sport.
We, the European Parliament, the Commission, the Council and also the Moldovan Government, should ensure that more ballot boxes and special polling stations are set up at the next elections, so that Moldovans living abroad can take part in these elections, because it is from them that we can expect a clear commitment to Europe, which is why I should like to direct your attention, your focus, not only to economic and financial support, but also to the need for us to provide conscious and constructive political support.
The people of Moldova must be able to leave their country and travel, which is why I am in favour of a proper visa policy.
The new government would like to join the European Union in the future, which is why we should support it to keep the changes the country is undertaking on the right track.
He knew full well when he implemented his reunification programme that he was facing an all-powerful adversary, but he was counting on NATO and the US to cover his back, which is why he decided to wrest renegade provinces back by force.
We now see the truth, which is that the core function of the EU is the employment of its own employees, which is why its budget always rises.
However, use of this instrument must not distance Parliament from this process, all the more so as codecision draws closer, which is why it is vital that the Commission oversees these actions.
The above is in line with the Portuguese Communist Party's proposal regarding fishing agreements with third countries, which is why I voted in favour of this document.
I worry about the stability of Sri Lanka, because this minority problem has existed for centuries, exacerbated during the period of colonialism, which is why we must do everything to mediate between both sides and get both sides to come round.
That is why my group is asking you, Mr Reinfeldt, to do everything it takes to obtain an agreement as quickly as possible on the names of the Council President and the High Representative, and that is why my group is asking you, Mr Barroso, once the Member States have nominated their candidates, to divide up their responsibilities as quickly as possible before they are questioned by the European Parliament in hearings, which we also want to be as in-depth as possible.
It also deals with policy matters and that is why historically, we have had a vice-president chairing the delegation.
We do want to resolve this matter, but, as you know, the Non-attached Group did not propose a candidate, and this is why it is not involved in some work.
30% would therefore still not be enough, we know that, and that is why we must actually offer this target, as it will drive up the ambition of other countries.
The approved resolution ensures that this will be done, and that is why we voted in favour of it.
Mr López Aguilar, to answer your second question, yes, we do wish to closely involve Parliament, which is why this will be one of the priorities of the next Commission and something which is already expressed in the constitution, not least because Parliament will have greater powers of decision on this matter.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, the UK Independence Party opposes the Euromed agreement, and this is why: the Euromed agreement will offer significant trade concessions, and even subsidies, to non-Member States.
I know that you have also been fighting for this and that is why I would like to offer you my sincere thanks, despite the criticism that you usually receive in this House from me.
That is a shame and that is why I will abstain.
(EL) Madam President, there is only one Macedonia and it is Greek, which is why these games need to stop.
The latter must be protected, and that is why, in the resolution to be adopted tomorrow, we shall call on the European Parliament and on its institutions to make certain commitments.
Frankly, that is not quite what this issue is about, and that is why I am so glad that those who wanted to broaden this issue out to imports from third countries have achieved that aim.
In tough economic times like these, volunteering becomes all the more important and that is why I and others who brought this report forward are keen not only to raise awareness of the benefits of volunteering, but also to create a European Year where properly-funded initiatives will provide volunteering organisations the opportunity to encourage new volunteers to come forward.
Respect for human life and dignity is not consistent with crimes whose victims are many European women and children, which is why firm policies on the prevention of violence and the punishment of its perpetrators are necessary.
The protection of human health and the quality of life of employees at their places of work and that of the general public forms the basis of this resolution, and that is why we voted in favour of it.
I agree with all reasonable measures aimed at combating smoking and protecting non-smokers, which is why I voted for this resolution.
It is a country where there was too much interference by the superpowers, America and the Soviet Union, and that is why that country is constantly on the verge of civil war.
My third point is that it was said that Mr van Baalen was accused of discussing a coup and this is why he was expelled from the country.
This is what makes it so difficult to bring up the breaches of human rights repeatedly, but that is why it is particularly important to talk about this subject today in the run-up to the summit.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we have asked that this oral question be added to the agenda since we believe that Parliament should receive an appropriate answer on such an important point, and that is why we are asking for this amendment to the agenda.
The EGF can provide exactly that, and that is why it was set up, in other words to provide assistance to those directly affected by the negative effects of globalisation and who, through the abrupt loss of their jobs, have to suffer the consequences of the irresponsibility of financial market speculators.
It is this sleight of hand that this Parliament does not accept, and that is why we have not concluded the negotiations.
The Court of Justice of the European Union plays an essential role in this area, and this is why the Committee on Legal Affairs has proposed a series of amendments intended to restore means provided in the initial draft budget, which will barely allow the Court to meet just its most fundamental needs.
However, both articles concern possible intrusions into the individual rights of citizens or legal persons, which is why the Council and the Commission must explain what the relationship between these two provisions is and why Parliament is not involved in the case of Article 215 in particular.
A total of 744 people from nine different companies have lost their jobs over the last few months, and that is why the Province of Styria has asked the EU for assistance.
The regional perspective is important, which is why the action plan places great emphasis on regional cooperation in particular.
That is a problem for the EU, and that is why it is so important for us to have this plan now.
This means that, overall, this quickly becomes an issue for the whole of society, which is why it must be dealt with as a priority, as this is the future we face.
President-in-Office of the Council. - In times of economic crisis it is always the most vulnerable who suffer the most - children, young people, old people, people with disabilities - and that is why we, as responsible politicians, have to be very aware of this.
It is of course beneficial in the long term, but Member States have not invested in the appropriate infrastructure and that is why it has taken so much time.
This is confirmed by data from Solvit, and this is why the problem with implementing the directive in time is only one aspect of our discussion.
Importantly, support for people themselves also forms part of the cohesion policy and this is why I regret the fact that the Commissioner's response was slightly evasive.
The values given in statistics are often fictitious, as the European Union itself admits, which is why it created the transitional support regime for a series of regions, three of which are in my country, Greece.
The first is the secrecy surrounding the Commission's mysterious 'non-document', and that is why we are eagerly awaiting the Commission's explanations.
We had differing opinions, we still have differing opinions, and that is why we should not come back to it to try and arrive at a new resolution.
We cannot let that happen, and that is why we are sounding the alarm bells for the Netherlands and the free Western world.
To use his own terms, the nature of the impact is unprecedented, and I think that that is a fair point to make in a country of this kind, which is why - and I mention this just in passing - I really do think that the European Union has to be more visible.
(FR) Mr President, Mrs Ashton, politics is, first and foremost, about symbols, and that is why I think you should not be here, but in Haiti; that is why I think you should not be travelling to the United States, but to Haiti.
This debate should remind us - and this is why I have taken the floor during this evening's sitting - that we need to approach agreements with countries which face serious economic problems and which are especially vulnerable to natural disasters, as the tragedy in Haiti has proven, in a completely different spirit from other economic agreements entered into by the European Union.
This is my point - and this is why I must stress it here today: this is the first time that we have had a new rotating Presidency of the Council at the European Parliament.
We work in the area of making law, which is why the governments of successive presidencies are essential for us to be able to carry out the legislative process.
(PL) Mr President, the climate, and nature itself, which is all around us, belong to all people, including future generations, and that is why we must feel responsible for their protection.
This is true, and that is why all this is very worrying, because we are not talking here about gaps, Commissioner, or about small steps.
They say that the situation is far too complicated and that there is not enough transparency and experience, which is why they find themselves unable to take the right investment decisions.
Effective information exchange between the customs and tax authorities in the Member States helps to combat abuse, and that is why I think that we should be promoting the exchange of tax records and not blocking it.
Women can promote their case and market their agenda, but the real power lies in decision making, and that is why women ought to take part.
Remaining obstacles call for a policy response, and that is why we still need policies geared towards gender, both at national and European level.
Secondly, the participation of women in politics should be significantly greater, and this is why I think rules on parity should be put in place in all Member States.
We want the Union to be represented by institutions which are more dynamic, and this is why the agreement is so important to us.
The devil, however, is in the detail, which is why we are going to watch the negotiations closely all the way, to make sure that promises, such as including Parliament in the process of building EU diplomacy, will be kept.
It was linked to other areas, which is why an agreement was not reached under the Swedish Presidency.
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia has continued to work on its relations with the European Union, which is why the European Commission stated that it had made real progress and recommended that accession negotiations be opened.
We must strongly condemn this and that is why I have tabled Amendment 16.
Turkey, which wants to accede to the EU, counts the Iranian Government as a great friend and must be strongly condemned for this, which is why I have tabled Amendment 17.
We surely do not wish this to happen and this is why we must continue to make every effort in this area.
Because the so-called bilateral issues are not bilateral issues at all; they are international issues, which is why they are being addressed by the UN.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we wish to back the membership of Croatia and this is why we call on the Croatian authorities to ensure that the assets nationalised to Italian citizens at the end of World War II, and still owned by state or municipal institutions, despite the requirements of European law, should be returned to their legitimate owners.
We wish to back the membership of the Former Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia and this is why we call for compliance with the method of consensus, part of the history of the European Union, and we call on the European institutions to offer their sympathetic support for the views of all of the Member States on the reasons that still block this path.
I should merely like to point out that this amendment has enabled me to stimulate debate, which is why I wish to withdraw it and thus allow debate to thrive in the Council.
All these measures help to combat tax fraud, which is why I voted in favour of this legislative resolution.
This motion for a resolution takes a similar approach, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
The report supports Croatia's aims, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
The security of our citizens will be improved as a result of this agreement, and this is why we support it.
Mr President, we, too, in the Socialists and Democrats, want to fight for the European citizens and we want to fight against terrorism, so that is why we will be recommending, as my leader said, a 'no' vote tomorrow to ensure that we vote in this Parliament on the first consent procedure under Lisbon against a bad agreement for this whole Parliament.
Mrs Clinton, too, in her letter acknowledged that Parliament had a point, but neither of these documents went further and gave us a blueprint for solving this problem, and that is why a 'no' will, in our view, push towards a better agreement for the whole Parliament.
Terrorism is, as we know, a global phenomenon, and that is why we will remain dedicated to cooperating with our allies and partners and international organisations all over the world.
This may be the last moment when this can be said, and this is why all Ukrainians must be certain that integration, cooperation with Europe and changes to the law are their own personal opportunity.
And that is why today Oxfam have today launched a call for what they have called a 'Robin Hood tax'.
Commissioner, your good will is not in question, and that is why I say to you that the consultation is a good idea and that the green paper is also a good idea, provided that it is used to identify the correct legislative framework and is not just an end in itself.
This is, moreover, certainly one of the issues being studied by the Council working group, which is why, on this issue as on others, the Commission will be working with the Member States.
We all know that when people want to vote separately on a paragraph, it is because it is particularly important, and that is why they do not want it voted on in a block with the rest of the resolution.
If we had a European observatory, it would clearly show that this is the case, which is why combating climate change is so important.
No energy policy is established by the collection and evaluation of information alone, which is why, in my view, a decision is needed here.
The fishing sector and the processing industry are those most interested in seeing sustainable fisheries, which is why they are involved in the preparation of the reform or are participating in it, for example, in the revision of a control regulation in 2009, which should have been drawn up in a more open manner.
As energy security is a crucial factor for the Member States of the European Union, the role of Ukraine is important, which is why it should be encouraged to address its energy problems by improving relations with Russia through bilateral agreements.
We will see, however, which is why we have the Commission looking at this.
And the second aspect concerns ... and this is why Commissioner Šemeta's answer did not convince me at all, either in terms of the schedules, or in terms of the basic issue.
Indeed, to be active on this issue, the European Union has to have clear thinking, we have to have a united position, and that is why I would like to see the Commission come forward with a proposal very soon on how to make this FTT workable.
Unfortunately, in Europe, we are seeing the closure of many of these small enterprises, and this is why we should not be making assessments; this is why we should act.
As for adults, it is true that consumers sometimes have difficulty protecting themselves via the appropriate legal channels, which is why we are in favour of non-judicial redress, but we believe that a greater effort could be made, particularly in times of crisis, to make what already exists work, rather than seeking to increase the number of consumer ombudsmen.
We must remove the barriers, and that is why, Mr Harbour, it is important to determine where the missing links are, which is something that is perhaps not emphasised enough, but which is nevertheless laid down in the 2020 strategy.
The protection of our oceans, which function as a source of food for millions of Europeans, is also an important task for the EU, which is why I have unreservedly voted in favour of this report.
It is also important to point out that 80% of the rubbish and pollution in the sea originates from the land, which is why there needs to be a concerted strategy which also involves combating this problem on the land.
Where I think that one of the new things to pay attention to is that we start to say we must define the pathways between 2020 and 2050, and that is why I will come up with something on what should be achieved by 2030.
As has been pointed out, we are now in the European Year for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion, which we know is difficult in times of recession, and that is why we have been asking for social conditionality on rescue packages so that those who are the most excluded do not find themselves falling even further behind.
We have heard already that the gap is widening, which is why our EU 2020 strategy also needs to take into account the need to reduce the gaps between rich and poor.
The Roma population's situation is different from that of other national minorities in Europe, which is why we need to adopt specific measures concerning them.
This is also the case with the action being taken against gender violence, which is why it is so important that, as soon as possible, we have the directive on the protection order that will combat gender violence, for this action will particularly benefit Roma women; that is also the case with the directive on non-discrimination, which will particularly benefit the Roma population.
Two unpleasant things happened, which is why this step made in 2000 became extremely unpopular.
The ACTA negotiations concern sensitive European legislative issues such as guaranteeing the application of intellectual property rights, data transmission and data protection, and this is why we are once again requesting greater transparency.
Many of the countries of Europe have built their wealth in this way, which is why it is important for us to try to extend this to other countries.
The question is how to do it, and that is why we are in dialogue with the Council and the Commission at the moment.
(LT) Mr President, I would like to announce that I support this decision, although my card was not working to begin with and that is why I want to announce this.
I believe that Israel is under threat, and that is why the country had to defend its civilian population.
That process is exactly what the resolution proposed by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs is calling for, which is why I voted in favour of the resolution.
This is unacceptable, and that is why we have voted in favour of this resolution, which calls for complete transparency in the negotiations and threatens to drag the Commission through the courts if it refuses.
All this work is in progress, and that is why I am very eager today to hear the views of Members of this House.
Baroness Ashton, I suppose you must have felt the same sort of anguish by now, and that is why we greatly appreciate the fact that you are initiating a debate on Arctic policy so early on and that over the weekend, you are going to Lapland, which is part of the Arctic region.
Article 174 of the Treaty of Lisbon recognises the role of mountains, which is why we are anxiously waiting for an initiative from the Commission to implement this article and for a European mountain policy also in the field of energy.
Regrettably, up to now the response from the Mexican authorities has been ineffective, which is why we can now accurately say that we are looking at a case of almost total impunity.
However, we should also respect the choice of others, and this is why I am in favour of discussion on this subject, including discussion with people in South Korea. It is a democratic state, and a democratic country.
We should step up outreach activities and build trust, most obviously with developing countries - which is why respecting our pledges on fast-start finance is so important.
That is why we have to be creative; that is why we have to show solidarity.
That is what our aim must be; that is why I am calling for a debate on the social market economy in Europe.
It might be said we are pioneers in this exercise, which is why, of course, a particular responsibility rests upon us.
For this reason, of course, our options are limited, and this is why the report of the Committee on Budgets which I have drafted so strongly demands, expects and requests an ambitious review and revision of the Multiannual Financial Framework, not just because those margins are coming to an end, but also because when the revision is carried out, it will be necessary to take into account the significant budgetary consequences of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The responsibility of Parliament is growing, which is why we, as Members, need more advice, expert opinions and support from a variety of professionals, and someone has to pay for this.
There is no lender of last resort, which is why we have this Greek crisis and a Portuguese crisis round the corner.
However, that is why we have to be innovative.
The ECB does not have the same tools as the Fed, which is why it could not have an active monetary policy supporting growth.
However, there has been a failure to address the issue of genetic modification in the import regulations, which is why I have abstained.
This is why our work in Europe, in the European Union, makes so much sense, and this is why we can be glad that it has been possible to solve many of these problems in our Europe, although we still have not solved them all.
We all know that strong, clear messages give something for people to rally around, and this is why the concrete targets and the flexible initiatives proposed for these strategies are so important.
The scale of the task is great; that is why it is so important that you work together with the European Commission, and also with the European Parliament as the representative of the citizens of the European Union.
This is exactly what we have been looking for, so that is why I have on this point nothing to add because I think it describes exactly what is at issue.
This is the challenge: to maintain our leading role in the global shipping market, which is why we need an effective and coordinated maritime transport strategy.
I might add that is why the Commission, and more specifically, Mr De Gucht, obtained permission, from our partners in these negotiations, to make public all the texts from the negotiations.
Regarding the issue, if I may now use the other minute to answer the question on the aviation sector, we are aware of the very important impact on industry of this volcanic problem and that is why we are already doing our work to see how we can in fact help, if needed, the European aviation industry.
Ladies and gentlemen, Latin America is very important for the European Union, which is why I am very pleased that in the next few months, perhaps largely as a result of the work done by Mrs Ashton and also the Spanish Presidency, it might be possible to conclude four major and very important agreements, with Colombia, Peru, Mercosur and Central America.
During the Soviet era, differences between the ethnic groups were largely suppressed, which is why there is so much religious and cultural conflict in these countries today.
Mr President, Mr Papastamkos, I am aware of your long-standing commitment, and that is why I welcome this dialogue that you are opening between us for the first time today, because I personally have only been in post for a few weeks.
However, if we are honest with one another, we know what will happen and this is why my group decided against an amendment.
There is no internal control system - no matter how complex - that is free from error, since it is the work of human beings, and that is why we give a discharge every year
VAT fraud is often organised on a cross-border basis, which is why the European Union and its Member States need to be better coordinated to combat VAT fraud, in particular, and fiscal fraud, in general.
These rules, however, are in breach of international rules on the transport of dangerous goods, which is why the Commission has put forward a proposal for a revised directive.
The European Parliament can at last fully guarantee that the interests of EU citizens are defended, and that is why I voted for this resolution.
I agree with the approach of the report, and this is why I shall be voting in favour of it.
This report should be seen as a positive step in the right direction and that is why I have voted in favour of it.
The new Digital Agenda for Europe is an ambitious programme to disseminate new technologies and fast links in the Member States, which is why I voted for it.
However, this proved to be unfeasible, which is why I voted against the entire Liberadzki report.
I believe it is essential for public servants to be answerable to the public, which is why they must give objective and detailed accounts of how public funds have been used.
I believe it is essential for public servants to be answerable to the public, which is why they must give objective and detailed accounts of how the public funds made available to them have been used.
I think that these are steps that are being taken towards an economic government or governance of the Union; the aid and loans to Greece are part of this, and this is why I believe that the European Union is going in the right direction and has consolidated that direction.
We need loyalty, and that is why we postulate that inter-State applications should not be brought concerning an alleged failure of compliance when the act falls within the scope of Union law.
That is why the European Union's journey towards an increasingly powerful institution means that as well as the Member States signing the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and submitting to the jurisdiction of Strasbourg, the European Union therefore also needs to submit to the jurisdiction of Strasbourg; that is why the Treaty of Lisbon establishes that this is the case.
The prerequisite for this, however, is that there must be no revival of the hazardous nuclear energy, which is why the production of renewable energy is the conditio sine qua non.
Electric vehicles have the advantage of being able to thread in and out of traffic easily and of not requiring any major infrastructure for their manufacture, which is why I believe that this issue is of strategic importance.
They are included in the Lisbon Strategy and the Europe 2020 strategy, which is why they lead to a dead end.
That probably sounds a ridiculously tiny number, and that is why it is extremely important that these changes do not in any way jeopardise multibranding.
This is why I voted in favour, this is why I would like to join the supporters of this measure.
Mr President, that is why I voted in favour of the report.
That is my criticism, and that is why I abstained.
In the current proposal too little attention is paid to other alternative drive systems, which is why I have abstained.
I think that the motion for a resolution is a very balanced text, because it addresses all the above issues, which is why I voted for it.
This report should been seen as a positive step in the right direction and that is why I have voted in favour of it.
The policy of energy saving will characterise the sustainability of the European social model, which is why I decided to vote in favour of the report.
In Italy we also have the terrible problem of summer fires, and that is why it is absolutely crucial to improve safety conditions.
This is made clear in the motion for a resolution, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
As we know, energy use in the European Union is well above acceptable levels, and that is why it is so important to move forward with proposals of this nature.
The construction sector is considered one of the sectors or markets with the greatest potential in terms of energy savings and other matters, which is why it is the sector of excellence for supporting public policies.
This is why I consider it important to support the report, which is why I have voted in favour.
Monitoring and enforcement are very difficult in this area, which is why we have made proposals in this regard.
For Greece in particular, this is a very sensitive issue, which is why we believe that this report will constitute an excellent starting point for further action.
Furthermore, we believe that financial discipline and spending cuts are needed now more than ever, and European citizens quite rightly expect them of us, which is why we have prepared a budget that guarantees financial austerity and transparency.
If we want to think about a secure system, SIS II must be introduced, and this is why I think we need to continue these measures and support the Commission on this.
The economic crisis and the crisis in the dairy sector have affected these regions disproportionately in relation to most of the rest of Europe, and that is why these regions deserve some special attention.
(CS) I wanted to speak again about the report on the refugee fund, and that is why I have come forward.
The new proposals are not only badly thought-out, they are quite simply counter-productive, and that is why I abstained from the vote.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, to encourage, coordinate and supervise organ donation: those are our objectives, and that is why it is very important that we be gathered together here to enable the development of organ donation and transplantation in Europe.
The Court cannot perform its functions without the states arresting those for whom an arrest warrant has been issued by the ICC; nor if the witnesses cannot be protected; nor if there are no prisons for those who have been condemned, and that is why the EU supported the Court over the last ten years to help solve these problems.
The Stockholm Programme is extremely important, which is why we welcome its adoption by the Council in December 2009 and subsequently by the European Council.
I think the social distress in this over the last few years has destabilised society on a much wider scale, and that is why we have to be sensitive to this.
We must get rid of this deficit, which is why we need economic governance.
This is unacceptable and this is why there are more protests against the necessary measures than would normally be the case.
(FR) Mr President, this is probably the most serious crisis that has ever confronted Europe, which is why urgent action is needed; we have to take decisions, and good decisions at that, and we cannot wait until October.
That is why it is vital to create synergies between the national budgets of Member States - I would have preferred the Commission to have expressed it in these terms - which is why it is probably vital to reform our tax system and to direct it more towards development and growth and to harmonise it.
We need to deepen solidarity in the euro area, which is why the aid to Greece was so right and why the decision was so right to create this EUR 750 million fund - for a three-year period, so it is not yet completely permanent - to prevent possible difficult situations with public accounts or imbalances in public accounts.
At a time of climate change, we all want to protect the environment and prevent abnormal weather, and this is why, when choosing food and everyday products, we are guided by ecological principles.
The choices available in the public procurement process are not specified clearly enough, which is why I have abstained.
I hope that the report will contribute to improving quality and safety standards, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
It is, above all, a concrete programme of reforms to be implemented, and that is why we are proposing seven flagship initiatives as part of this strategy.
Mr President, we have quite rightly heard a lot about economic recovery in the Commission's proposal for the EU 2020 strategy but not enough, in my opinion, about poverty, and that is why I was delighted that you mentioned poverty reduction in your speech.
We have to remember that the most vulnerable in society suffer in any economic recession more than anyone else, and that is why we have to put in place mechanisms to protect them.
We are all agreed on this, and that is why I fail to understand these critical remarks, because it is enough to read the report, where, in the very first paragraphs, we have written very clearly and stress that the intellectual and financial independence of higher education institutions vis-à-vis business must be maintained and no relations of dependency on business must arise on the part of higher education.
This dispels any problems or doubts whatsoever in this area, which is why I do not understand what these problems could be, unless it is a question of old-fashioned ideological exploitation.
We also need, in addition to economic conditions, new political conditions, which is why we placed an emphasis on cultural integration, education, cultural projects and on the rights of men and women.
Our security and growth depend on the development and stability of the Mediterranean, which is why the Union for the Mediterranean is still the best instrument at our disposal.
This report highlights some of the problems involved with nuclear power and the decommissioning of nuclear reactors, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
in writing. - (FR) It is simply unacceptable that this report has been adopted by the majority Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament; that is why, in line with our rapporteur Mr Hoang Ngoc, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has voted against it.
Following several amendments, the final content of this motion for a resolution focuses on some of these challenges; that is why I voted for it.
I sincerely believe that the cohesion policy will be a vital instrument in achieving the Europe 2020 objectives, which is why I voted for this report.
Although I do not fully agree with some of the points made for the reasons mentioned, the report is balanced and this is why I have voted in favour of it.
To allow the international community to be involved in this phase, the crucial factor is information, and this is why the state of emergency must not be a form of veiled censorship.
More and more regular employment relationships are being ousted by ostensible self-employment, which is why we urgently need the situation to be analysed and a proposal to be made for what we can do about it.
I would firstly like to know whether it is feasible, which is why I am calling for an impact analysis.
For the ingredients of processed products, it is, of course, more complex, which is why it is only being proposed for meat, poultry and fish in processed foods.
Naturally, being overweight causes a range of chronic illnesses and that is why what we eat as food is important.
We want all actions to be able to be checked, which is why Eurostat must be able to carry out unannounced checks at any time.
As ever, the transparency initiative is largely empty words, which is why I abstained from voting.
The devil is in the detail, which is why it is so important to watch over this process to the very end.
This report is moving in this direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
The problems of the latest developments on the Internet were scarcely considered, which is why I abstained from voting.
The report is essentially a rehash of old measures, which is why I abstained from voting.
The report on the Millennium Development Goals fails to give this sufficient consideration, which is why I have voted against it.
That does not happen between peers, and that is why I believe that the Commission must defend its position in the context of Europe 2020 and within the working group that Mr Van Rompuy is currently heading up.
In the case in point, these are institutions that have really quite considerable powers, and that is why we must look closely at the way in which they work.
But the truth about numbers can be unpopular, especially here, which is why we hate them.
We must counter monopolistic dominance with a second opinion and increased competition, which is why we also need agencies that are based in Europe.
I have not seen any signs of this to date, which is why I need to ask you the following question: are you prepared and do you consider yourself able to revise the Multiannual Financial Framework while, at the same time, working with us, reconciling it with the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon?
Everybody who was part of the conciliation is aware that this was necessary and that is why we should defend it.
Well, we do not live in a perfect world and that is why we are having this debate.
It would be a great mistake at this moment in time, and that is why I believe that it is important to keep alive these debates and policies on equality, which, over so many years, have enabled us not only to grow, but to grow and maintain an enviable and impeccable social cohesion model.
Presently, the main trade in goods is carried on with Indochina, and that is why it is so important to concentrate on ensuring that the Baltic Sea Strategy, too, will include the possibility of connections in the 'North-South' TNT network.
We have witnessed distressing shortage situations in the past, which is why the European Parliament should make security of supply based on EU production the main objective of the next reform, without leaving aside other contributions, such as the fight against climate change.
(FR) The Commission is perfectly aware of the sensitivity of the sugar issue and that is why the offer to Colombia and Peru was limited to tariff quotas at zero duty for a modest volume and without an out-of-quota tariff reduction.
Finally, the statistics on the proportion of women and young girls affected have demonstrated the failure of the current prevention policies, and in my opinion that is why it is essential to adopt an ultimately realistic approach, by increasing the funding of research into new vaccines and microbicides.
This report has correctly identified the key problems which the common agricultural policy will have to tackle from 2013 on, which is why I voted in favour of it.
They are not covered by this resolution and that is why we are demanding an amendment.
Therefore, we must use every available means, including diplomatic channels and public awareness, to achieve our goal, and that is why the High Representative has made the European Union's action for the abolition of the death penalty a personal priority.
Ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, that is why we are recommending to you in our resolution that it would be appropriate to have a moratorium at least on new applications for deep-sea drilling until such time as we have a complete overview of what is needed and how we can close the gaps and remedy the shortcomings.
Sound regulation would be the big stick par excellence to induce oil companies primarily to take a great many measures themselves to reduce the risks - that is why I consider this important.
The European Union is primarily about its 500 million citizens, which is why Europe must have a social aspect.
It is quite right that a penalty is applied but this penalty needs to be truly proportional, which is why we wanted to know whether or not the Commission would amend its rules.
It should be regarded as an integrated policy, which is why it definitely focuses on cities.
The EGF should, therefore, be mobilised in order to provide a financial contribution for the application submitted by Spain, which is why I have voted in favour of Mrs Matera's report.
Executions or death sentences have never resulted in improved crime figures, which is why the European Union should promote alternative sentences at the disposal of criminal justice systems when dealing with countries that still apply this punishment, which is contrary to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The EU has consistently called for abolition of this penalty all over the world, and this is why, to the greatest extent possible, it provides financial support for civil society organisations acting to abolish the death penalty.
I feel that the resolution tackles the issue in a fair, coherent manner, which is why I voted for it.
It must be acknowledged that the management of the ERDF in our regions is characterised by serious disparities, and that is why I call for the standards in this area to be harmonised at European level.
Human life begins in the body of the mother and that is why we must protect her health before as well as after the birth.
In this way, these eight Member States were able to join the Visa Waiver Programme, which is why they did it.
(PL) The Conventions on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest and North-East Atlantic Fisheries require adjustment in response to current challenges, which is why there is a need for amendments to the regulations.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, that is why I believe that action needs to be taken at European level, too, to secure this minimum income.
European statistics on all modes of transport must be collected according to common principles and rules in order to ensure the highest degree of comparability between modes of transport, which is why I voted in favour of the text.
The amendment is an overall revision of the convention, with the main purpose of bringing it more into line with other regional conventions and international instruments and incorporating modern fisheries management concepts into it, which is why I voted in favour of it.
The employment and pay gap between men and women is still far too large for us to claim that equality has been achieved, which is why certain effective measures, such as maternity leave, healthcare and old-age pensions, would be an effective way to halt the spread of precarious work.
We have only single readings, which is why both arms of the budgetary authority need particular effort and discipline, because, in fact, each of us has only one chance.
We know there are not sufficient means in the current financial framework, which is why we have made the painful - although, in our opinion, essential - cuts to the ITER programme.
I remind you that the Council pledged, in a statement, to ensure that the development of the implementation of budget 1b was evaluated, and that is why we wish to stick to this and to witness this reality and its implementation.
That needs to be our common starting point, which is why it is right to fight for more resources in the European Union and, together, to consider very carefully what the major financing needs are, how we can make our budget more sustainable and how it can be more social and more future-oriented.
In my view, however, it is also important to recognise a general freedom of contract in business transactions between enterprises, and that is why I think that it is a good idea if payment periods in business transactions between companies can also be extended to 60 days, if that is the view of both parties.
We have to have the legal proof and that is why we have asked the French Government to supply us with the dossiers on the individuals.
What I want to say is this: we need European solidarity, and that is why we need European solidarity.
That is correct, and that is why it is always worth checking to see if the train is on the right tracks, when speed is not an end in itself.
Secondly, the Commission wants the financial sector to play a part in covering the costs of the crisis and that is why the EU - and the Commission - are committed to pushing for a financial transaction tax at global level.
We have talked a lot about sustainable development in terms of gender and geography and a lot about transparency of recruitment based on pre-defined rules and regulations, but the most important issue is how good and effective the EEAS will be, which is why meritocratic criteria are so important when it comes to staff recruitment.
Foreign affairs and diplomacy come under national sovereignty, and that is why we voted against all the reports on this matter.
The banana sector is a vital sector for some EU regions, especially the French overseas départements and territories; that is why, faced with competition from Latin American countries exacerbated by agreements under negotiation, Parliament has adopted funding measures aimed at helping this weakened sector.
It was essential that the resolution on the Late Payment Directive be accepted, and that is why I voted for the resolution.
Behind these figures, extreme poverty is the most worrying and is making progress, especially in these times of recession, which is why a minimum income is crucial.
An analysis of the experience of several Member States shows us what an important role minimum incomes play in fighting poverty and social exclusion, and that is why I voted for Mrs Figueiredo's report.
Obviously, such a valuable instrument must be under proper European Parliament scrutiny, and this is why we demand the delegated acts procedure.
(PL) I fully agree with Mrs Gomes that the issue of human rights is one of the most important issues with which we have to deal, which is why I completely fail to understand Mrs Lösing's statement that money spent on human rights is sometimes, if not frequently, misspent.
They are the real conduits of change, and that is why they, too, should be able to benefit from this aid.
I would like to address the Ukrainian guests present in this House today: Ukraine's place is here, in this Chamber, and that is why we are subjecting you to the same standards that we apply to the countries of the European Union.
And that is why, ceterum censeo, the French plan to sell Mistral warships to Russia must be stopped!
I think you need both elements, aid and trade, and that is why we are working on both possibilities.
The text resulting from the vote of the Committee on International Trade is balanced, which is why, when it is voted on in tomorrow's plenary, I call on the Members of this House not to call this balance into question and to support this text by voting overwhelmingly in favour of it.
I would definitely have preferred to deal with the entire issue in the context of the WTO. However, I also note that we lacked suitable partners in dialogue within the WTO, which is why the ACTA agreement is certainly a good start.
This agreement is about the enforcement of existing law, and that is why I have repeatedly stipulated that we are not going to change the acquis communautaire.
Lives are being put at risk, which is why we are demanding action.
If we look at the problems which the country is still trying to overcome, it is a reasonable assumption that they will result in massive immigration to the EU, which is why I have voted against the motion for a resolution.
This resolution sends a clear message to the Commission and to third countries, which is why I support it.
The situation seems to be tragically without a solution, and that is why it is the moral obligation of the European Parliament to painstakingly monitor events in the region, and regularly insist on respect for rights which the citizens and human rights organisations in the Russian Federation still cannot enjoy on a day-to-day basis despite official rhetoric.
When we raise worries and concerns, we are not trying to raise obstacles, we are trying to get rid of them, and that is why we want the resolution to be adopted now.
The EU-US security partnership is very important: it is indispensable and that is why we should allow it to function.
Risk assessment is an issue that I know comes up very often in the discussions and that is why I have chosen to raise it immediately.
However, it should be pointed out that PNR data cannot be used for profiling, which is why the Commission sought to clarify - in my view, successfully - the differences between the expressions 'risk assessment' and the aforementioned profiling.
Exchanging information is a key aspect of this cooperation, and this is why PNR is an absolutely essential element of joint security.
This lacuna could end up being a way of bypassing our rules, and that is why we have the same concern.
You see, I, like you, am a firm believer in the internal market, but not any old one, and that is why I will end with this quote by Jacques Delors, who said: 'I reject a Europe that would be just a market, a free-trade area, without a soul, without a conscience, without political will and without a social dimension.'
No, they have not, and that is why we need to deal with and discuss this innovation strategy as a matter of urgency.
Most people would agree with that, which is why we welcome this discussion.
But there are other ways that older people are treated badly, including age discrimination in the workplace, and that is why I am pleased that in this report, we call for the proper implementation of the 2000 Employment Directive and for older people to be made aware of their rights.
The Commission's auditors should never have applied rules that were stricter than those already approved, and that is why we must settle the past, Commissioner.
The real issue for me is that no declaration of assurance can be given for billions of euro, which is why I have asked the Commission to investigate that thoroughly and also to examine how the situation might be improved.
For the moment, there are no meat surpluses in the internal market, and that is why private storage measures cannot be justified at present. However, I am willing to consider the possibility of resorting to these measures depending on how the markets evolve.
These standards must be applied to imports and this is why my group welcomes and supports this motion.
The planned review will not meet this requirement, which is why I have voted against it.
The motion is a move in that direction, which is why I voted for it.
This is why we speak of government debt growth, and this is why we now see a new wave of the crisis, which is a government debt crisis.
President Trichet is better placed to testify on that than me because he was there then, but I would tend to agree, and that is why in our legislative package, which is now in your hands and in the hands of the Council, we want to supplement the strong monetary union by finally creating a genuine and strong economic union.
We want to serve the market, which is why we have amended this regulation in this way.
They have great economic importance for Baltic fishermen, including those from Poland, which is why they merit greater attention from European institutions responsible for fisheries than they have enjoyed so far.
The rationale is therefore completely different, and that is why patients are the priority.
Needless to say, business interests are not always consistent with the interests of patients, and this is why the amendment to Directive 2001/83/EC and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 are necessary in order to create a clear framework for giving out information on prescription drugs.
I think that would be a panic measure, and that is why I think the decision made is the right one and am pleased about this aspect of the result too.
Thirdly, I assume that the process launched will be dynamic rather than static in nature, which is why this problem will need to be brought before the European Parliament at regular intervals.
We have formulated very specific proposals based on these figures, which is why we have the support of the broad majority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs: on a strategic level, we have made concrete proposals for the establishment of a structure of equal partnership between the military and civilian arms of the new European External Action Service; while, on an operative level, we have resolved to establish a permanent European headquarters, to be staffed with personnel by the Member States, to deal with the issue of creating an attractive system of incentives for national experts to participate in such operations and the build-up of personnel reserves for the future.
However, this report doggedly supports the status quo, which is why I have voted against it.
It is, after all, quite simple, and that is why Mr Lamassoure's idea of an agreement is interesting, because debates must be held in the European public arena with the national parliaments, with government representatives and with Commissioners.
And this is why I believe it is time to get back to the basics of what made the European project possible and brought us together: simple natural things.
Lastly, on freedom, security and justice, we are fully aware that this is one of the areas of major interest and concern for our citizens and this is why we devoted such a large proportion of our programme to this area.
I am not saying that that feeling is widespread, but it is spreading, and I think that is why our words here have to be translated into action.
Well, that may be true in the case of Belgium - which has not had a government for six months - but for the rest of us, right across every Member State in this Union (and perhaps this is why we see the fear in the faces), people are increasingly saying: 'We don't want that flag, we don't want the anthem, we don't want this political class, we want the whole thing consigned to the dustbin of history'.
That is why the European Semester is so important, and that is why it must be implemented.
I accept that, and that is why I have suggested that Mr Gollnisch makes his point of order when the President is present.
Our work as MEPs is also to make a Europe that protects and informs, and that is why I voted in favour of these two texts.
This directive will lead to a significant improvement to the present situation, which is why I voted in favour.
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) is an agreement that protects our citizens, our creators, our artists and our businesses, and that is why I support it.
In this sense, we see a balanced report containing commitments that can be realistically met, which is why I strongly support it.
(SL) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the gap between the expectations and the results of the Copenhagen conference was unacceptably wide, which is why it was necessary for us to make some changes.
The Kyoto Protocol expires in 2012, which is why it is extremely important that we have clearly defined global goals that are plain to everyone.
On the other hand, Ukraine itself is saying that it wants to become a part of the European Union, which is why it is giving us the right to evaluate it in accordance with European standards.
But, as a democrat, I have to say no and that is why we will be voting no tomorrow.
Competition and innovation are key elements for our economy, which is why it is important to adapt the 2009 rules to our present situation and to introduce effective mechanisms to promote compliance and the implementation of competition law for businesses and public bodies.
(DE) Madam President, I believe that we can organise competition by introducing uniform rules, which is why I am interested to know what options are available to us in the telecommunications sector, specifically in the area of frequency licensing, to enable us to regulate auctions or so-called beauty contests in telecommunications processes.
The overriding significance of environmental protection is an undeniable fact, however, which is why we should make every effort to make the European economy sustainable - industry, agriculture and transport.
Economic cooperation which goes hand in hand with respect for the basic rules of democracy and the wellbeing of its citizens is the foundation of the European Union, which is why it is so important to introduce unified standards for human rights, as well as social and environmental standards, in international trade agreements.
The EU Pilot Evaluation Report raised a number of questions in the committee responsible, which is why the European Commission has been called on to make available the relevant data.
There should be an increased focus on young people, who are always at the forefront of new technologies, which is why programmes are required that are specifically targeted at them, including via the Internet.
I think that these points are well highlighted in this particular report, which is why I voted in favour of it.
The report takes a thoroughly balanced approach and that is why I have voted in favour of it.
The aim is, of course, to guarantee security of supply in the EU, which is why managing the gas and oil pipelines that currently supply the Union is considered a top priority.
Forecasts show that dependence on crude oil will be even greater in the future, which is why the energy strategy must have many aspects as well as an international dimension, going beyond the framework of the European Union.
Proposing a new objective of a 30% reduction in CO2 emissions in the European Union is therefore completely disproportionate, and that is why I voted against this motion for a resolution.
It is therefore a very delicate act, which is why I think that the right thing to do is to get through it as soon as possible.
We will, of course, examine all these applications on an individual basis, but very many of them are unfounded and this is why we need to address these networks.
Although it is true that in some Member States, an irregular entry or stay constitutes a crime and in others, the term 'irregular' has no legal or semantic significance, in many other Member States, an irregular entry or stay does not constitute an unlawful act, which is why we should not generally criminalise these activities.
Unfortunately, the Treaty in Article 79 refers to 'illegal' so that is why it is in there, but I myself also always use the term 'irregular' migration, so I fully agree with you.
Obviously, in such a broad and diverse Chamber, we are not obliged to agree with one another, which is why the efforts that we have all made to reach a very broad consensus are particularly significant.
It is difficult, and that is why I see the compromise that is currently on the table as a good thing.
These experiences allow me to state with full responsibility that the decentralised model allows for better use of local potential for the implementation of strategic solutions and the achievement of positive changes, which is why I am convinced that goals should be agreed at a European level, but the ways of achieving them should be defined in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity at the most appropriate level, which, in the case of cohesion policy, means the regional and local level.
In particular, research and innovation should play an important part in all the regions as a means of improving the EU's competitiveness, which is why it is necessary to continue to promote these areas in the future.
We believe that it is, which is why we have defended this instrument and why we are here.
Natural and man-made disasters are becoming more and more frequent, which is why we must ensure that national measures are more effective and better coordinated, and that European measures are more flexible.
Unfortunately, in recent years, trafficking in human beings has become an extremely profitable business for organised crime, with excellent profit possibilities and limited risk-taking, which is why this phenomenon is growing at an uncontrollable rate.
President of the Commission. - I believe we are not completely prepared for that, which is why the Commission recently put forward some proposals on fighting this kind of cyber attack.
I am sure that those on the other side of the Atlantic are concerned as well, so that is why I think we should work together on increasing cyber security, always respecting the fundamental freedoms - because freedom of expression is a sacred right for us in the European Union - while being clear that data protection and privacy are also fundamental rights.
We have to find the right balance and that is why, in all our initiatives, we have to take on board those two principles, which are sometimes difficult to harmonise but nevertheless very important.
Vice-President of the Commission. - This is one of my favourite topics, by the way, which is why I am going to consider all legislative and non-legislative measures to redress the persistent inequalities in decision making.
The latest figures are not very positive, which is why we really need to do something - most of all because the figures persistently remain at the same non-positive level.
That is exactly what this should be about: we have to ensure that we can make energy savings in the built environment, for example, in a much faster timeframe, which is why we have submitted an amendment for a European Building Initiative.
But things do not stop there, and that is why I think it is a welcome opportunity to give you, the Commission, the chance to reassure us that you are keeping a very close eye on developments, on test results, and ensuring that the provisions of the existing legislation and the future legislation will continue to be updated to reflect the growing amount of scientific evidence about potentially hazardous chemicals.
That was irresponsible and that is why it now has a budget deficit of 32%.
Thirdly, we need effective financial backstops, and that is why in May the Union created the European Financial Stability Mechanism and facility for a temporary three-year lifespan.
Yes, there will be populist and thorny issues, but that is why it will be so important to have the registration process for an initiative before any signatures are collected.
Neither was I impressed in any way by the paragraph on migration, which is why I ultimately voted against.
But so much more could be done in the area of energy efficiency and that is why I welcome this report.
in writing. - I do not share the opinion of my colleagues from the S&D Group, which is why I have abstained from voting. It does not matter who writes the nonsense: to multiply it is foolishness.
The European Union must seriously resolve such situations, which is why I call on the High Representative to pay special attention to the resolution of the issues to which I have referred.
It was excellent team work, which is why it could be adopted nearly unanimously in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
This particular opportunity to establish an identity that is also encompassed by the principle of subsidiarity, can only exist through culture, which is why we need to do even more in this area.
You are the guardian of the treaties, which is why all our eyes are on you.
We can use it in argumentation with consumers, which is why we must implement this consistently if Parliament and the Commission are not to lose credibility in relation to the implementation of European standards.
I cannot fully agree to the regulations described in this report, which is why I have voted against it.
The majority of African countries do not see it the same way, and this is why dialogue is so difficult.
This is the real reason behind the tragic problem we are discussing today, and this is why we must do everything to change the EU's policy towards the Eritrean authorities, all the more so when we remember that the current leader of the country was warmly welcomed in Brussels by the European Commission in 2007, even though he is responsible for such terrible suffering by so many people, which forces them to flee and brings about ever more tragedies of this kind.
If we ask for an assurance every time people demand freedom - that is, if we ask them to tell us that the situation will definitely progress in a particular direction - we will never support freedom, and that is why I ask the Commission to move, give something, show the Tunisians that the realpolitik now is the policy of supporting democracy and no longer the policy of supporting the dictatorship structure.
Establishing whether it is even necessary to touch the legislation is possible only by relying on precise data, which is why I consider the question posed by my fellow Members to be of key significance.
I believe that the European Union must initiate this action, which is why I have asked the Commission to take on this role.
To date, eleven Member States have ratified this agreement, which is why, today, I call on the remaining Member States to do the same as soon as possible.
Substantial progress has been made, and this is why we have reached the point we are at in the process, and there is still much to do.
I believe that this step will be highly significant and successful, which is why I also wish the Hungarian Presidency every success in promoting pro-European forces in Serbia.
For example, we have a huge problem with mildew in many Member States of the European Union, and that is why it is important to use best practices and innovations to try to make the marketing of construction products one that relates to products that are healthy and satisfactory as far as their users are concerned.
Achieving food security and independence in Europe is absolutely essential, which is why I voted in favour.
The new CAP after 2013 must be prepared for all of this, and that is why I am backing this report, which promotes competitiveness, traditional agriculture, access to land and credit for young farmers, and improved integration of food and energy.
This debate is being conducted elsewhere and does not belong here, which is why I have ultimately voted against the report.
So that is why we have to find the right way to make them move.
I realise that it may be difficult for you to remember the details of the situation concerning the CIP 6, which is why I have submitted a written question.
The affair raises obvious doubts with regard to the violation of market rules and the protection afforded to small businesses, which is why we are insisting that answers be provided, here, to the points raised in our question.
That is why we need to pass this resolution and that is why we also need to support the attempts by the President of Lithuania to stop what is happening.
This is also unacceptable in a democracy and that is why the people of Europe are so concerned about this law.
It is important that the child should have the chance to have a father and mother, to have that right, and that is why, when decisions on adoption are taken, it is important to take the overall situation in a family into consideration.
It therefore represents a significant step forward in European integration, which is why I voted in favour of this report.
Although we cannot expect miracles from the agreement, it is a step in the right direction, which is why I have voted in favour of this report.
After all, transport is responsible for 30% of CO2 emissions, which is why I am pleased to see that it has been accepted that transport should be included in the central demands of the Europe 2020 strategy.
A resolution of this kind serves to make the European economy more effective, which is why it is so important and so necessary, and therefore I voted in favour of its adoption.
Naturally, respect for human rights play an important role, which is why it also makes sense for Brussels to call on Libya to ratify the Geneva Convention on Refugees of 1951 or to urge a moratorium on the death penalty.
Every religion must be shown equal respect, and that is why I endorsed this European Parliament resolution.
Religious rights are an integral part of this policy and that is why we are in favour of strengthening them.
The strategic importance of the Black Sea region has now been recognised since 2007: with the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the EU, the Black Sea began to have a direct impact on the Union's internal affairs, which is why there needs to be greater EU involvement in the area.
The fight against extremism is not an easy task, which is why the Pakistani Government and all those citizens who agree that intolerance and extremism are unacceptable need our support.
All we need is sufficient time, which is why we should also be allowed time on Thursday afternoons.
However, we have to acknowledge that responsibility for Roma integration lies primarily with the Member States and that is why, in the communication we adopted last year, we provided them with a concrete list of actions for making their Roma integration policies more effective.
Only by combining everything could we have a truly integrated policy, and that is why this Council will continue as before, rather than break with the past as it should.
However, because this is so important, I should like to make an appeal here, which is why I have taken the floor.
We need to improve the Union's credibility, which is why I am saying that we do not need any new requirements to improve energy efficiency.
We are afraid - and that is why there is this misjudged communication - that an Islamist regime will come to power after the elections.
The call is being set up now and that is why you have to forgive me and let me go.
The Council disagreed with us on the form, which is why the regulation has been submitted for a second reading today.
The Commission is, once again, being profligate and irresponsible with other people's money and this is why we will not be supporting either proposal.
One should not try to prevent MEPs from expressing their opinions on matters of legitimate public interest, and that is why I voted in favour of Mr Speroni's report against the waiver of Tamás Deutsch's immunity.
As in the case of the other reports concerning the financial instruments for development cooperation, this report strengthens the rights of the European Parliament in relation to the delegated acts adopted by the Commission, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
In the current situation, the EU must move towards a future of change, economic development and prosperity, which is why cooperation with industrialised countries would make the process simpler and more widely shared.
I believe that CEPOL is a useful institution, which is why I have voted in favour of the motion.
That is the aim, and that is why, ladies and gentlemen, I have worked hard on this matter, as I pledged to do. I have worked on it seriously;
This is an extremely serious matter, which is why we have dealt with it seriously, without being ideological but simply being anxious to make progress and to find a reasonable solution, which, I honestly believe, is acceptable.
However, it also has many positive characteristics, which is why it is used in both medicine and research, for research into materials, for sterilisation and for power generation.
The transplantation of substances of human origin, including cells, carries risks of disease transmission and that is why there is a European legal framework in place to ensure the quality and safety of human tissues and cells throughout the Union.
However, there are two factors that are structural in nature, which is why I am bringing up these two factors here.
We did not choose this path and that is why I voted against.
These additions are sensible, which is why I have voted in favour of concluding the agreement.
The rapporteur's assessment indeed demonstrates that some Member States have still not adopted all the horizontal legislation that this directive requires in order to be correctly implemented, which is why work is still required to try and put in place all the mechanisms provided for by the Services Directive.
It is only right and proper that such rights should be safeguarded, which is why I voted in favour of this particular report.
In principle, the idea is a good one, but the rules on languages are not entirely clear, which is why I have abstained.
In my country, this is regarded as a constitutional necessity and this is why we are discussing the need for a modification to the Treaty so that we can guarantee the stability of the euro in the long term.
The same is true of these rules, and that is why I am making a plea for the two rapporteurs to try to get an assurance that the Community method will also be applied in the second economic governance package.
(DE) Mr President, on the one hand, it is important that the Member States are in control of the treaties, which is why the modification must take place at this level.
A proposal was made to erect a wall, which is why I have chosen to speak.
Nevertheless, it points out some important issues and that is why we do need to reform the Dublin Convention and we need to improve it.
This is a European responsibility and that is why we have to come up with European solutions.
I believe that that is definitely not necessary for the Netherlands, and that is why I cannot endorse the recommendation.
In my assessment of the Green Paper, I have come to the same conclusion, which is why we worked on the amendments together in committee.
There is a large number of unreported incidents, which is why we can only assume that the problem is a major one.
In effect, that is why, over time, we feel that we should be strengthening our pharmacovigilance processes and procedures.
These devices are very important in fighting corruption and criminality, and that is why we are appealing to you to ensure that they are lawfully used in the context of the mechanism for verification and cooperation.
(BG) Mr President, the escalation in the use of special eavesdropping devices in Bulgaria is a fact, which is why the public is so excited and concerned.
It is a debate on the principles and values of Europe, which is why it is only natural that it should be held in this House. That is because it is a matter of freedom, of human rights, of democratic laws, which is not and cannot be purely a domestic debate.
That gap is very large, which is why Mrs Merkel has spoken of a competitiveness pact.
(HU) Madam President, the financial and economic crisis has transformed into becoming a social and employment crisis, which is why it is particularly important that the realisation Europe has come to, namely that tighter coordination is necessary in both economic and employment policy, is actually implemented.
Many companies in the EU are dependent on EU funding and incentives, which is why access to credit must be guaranteed and improved.
Both in Estonia and in the European Union as a whole, SMEs constitute 99% of all businesses, which is why it is important that this particular majority should have access to financial backing, especially during difficult crisis years.
in writing. - (FR) Although this text has positive aspects, particularly the importance given to promoting employment to ensure the sustainability of pensions systems or the position of the social partners, other aspects seemed to me difficult to support, which is why I abstained on this text.
My reaction upon reading the report was positive, which is why I voted in favour of it.
The details of pensions are regulated differently in the individual States and they must also remain that way, which is why I strongly reject the report.
That is how, and that is why, the right of the citizens' initiative was included in the Treaty, and now citizens can approach the European Commission directly and invite it to submit a proposal for a legislative act of the European Union.
It is a crucial issue both for the European Union and the world's poorest countries, which is why I am working closely with Commissioner Piebalgs on these issues in order to also adapt the EU's development policy to this issue of food security better.
We all know this, which is why we should have a serious debate.
It was dominated by the left, which is why the call for greater balance in media reporting in transitional societies is perfectly normal.
(FR) Mr President, this Free Trade Agreement is the first to have been examined since the Treaty of Lisbon came into force and that is why we MEPs believe that it really cannot come into force until we have obtained robust guarantees, guarantees that must, furthermore, act as a model for future trade agreements.
Such burden sharing would not have been fair, and that is why we discussed it with the Korean counterpart.
Loans have been made, and guarantees provided, on a prudent basis, and that is why the European Investment Bank has had very few bad loans on its books.
I would point out that European citizens contribute to EIB funds, which is why priority should be given to investment within Europe itself.
A death sentence has absolutely no rehabilitation purpose, which is why we need to intervene with the utmost firmness and determination and to make our voice heard in this respect.
There is no alternative; that is why I am not simply looking for applause now, Mr Bullmann, but for a clear, strong vote by the European Parliament tomorrow.
In addition, the causes need to be evaluated and we need to take action on what is happening in Europe; in particular, we need to give young people work and prospects, because young people in countries in the Islamic world had no hope and that is why they did what they did, and we shall see what happens here.
The people who are worse off are finding it increasingly difficult to access healthcare, which is why, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, words are not enough: what we need ...
The investments we make today, for example in IT resources, can save us a lot of money in the coming years, which is why thrift should not be allowed to become an end in itself.
Women and children are the most vulnerable in our societies but also in the societies outside, and that is why the Commission is working to streamline its various policy initiatives on violence against women and to create synergies between areas with similar objectives.
The list seems endless, which is why I will confine myself to a few keywords: wage levels, working and appointment conditions, precarious employment contracts, pension entitlements, childcare, social security and various forms of violence against women.
That is very true of older women in particular, and that is why they should be helped in every possible way.
We need a cure, a financial transaction tax, which is why I voted in favour.
This and other measures are intended to provide the EU population with protection from the appearance of dangerous products on the market, and that is why I voted 'for'.
This report is moving in this direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
This report reveals tendencies in this direction, which is why I have voted against it.
Attempts to reduce healthcare inequalities in the European Union are certainly to be welcomed for consistent social and economic development, and that is why I voted for Mrs Estrela's report.
This report is moving in this direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
We are experiencing the consequences of these ill-considered decisions today, which is why it is important to understand what happened, so that we can mark out the direction we need to take to overcome the protein deficit.
I thank my fellow Member, Mr Häusling, for his important report, even if I am disappointed by the final version, which is why I, like the rapporteur, voted against the report in the end.
In order for Europe to attain its sustainable growth, employment, competitiveness and social cohesion objectives, it will have to continue combating the inequalities that still exist between men and women, which is why I voted for this report.
This report does not deal with any of these issues, which is why I have voted against it.
In her report on female poverty in the European Union, Mrs Plumb has tried to find effective solutions to improve the position of women in society as a whole, which is why I voted for it.
It was ironic because his next sentence was 'and that is why in Europe, facing the euro crisis, we must reinforce the Community method'.
As Egypt, like Turkey, may yet discover, overthrowing the deep state is much harder and that is why the Ergenekon case and similar investigations are so important.
Of course, it is obvious that children need to be considered separately, which is why we are working together with the German Federal Environment Agency to produce the appropriate results for children as quickly as possible.
I regret the fact that a whole series of Members, and I was a Member of this House for a long time, which is why I can say this, have taken the floor and then left the Chamber.
The emergence of the democratic societies will help to sustain security and provide shared prosperity in our neighbourhood and that is why we have moved between us, the Commission and myself, to produce a joint paper for the European Council that meets on Friday which includes measures that we hope will contribute to that: more European Union financial support available from within the institutions, but also by mobilising the European Investment Bank - and I pay tribute to Parliament for moving so swiftly to recognise the need to assist the Investment Bank with its mandate to be able to put that support at the disposal of people - and that has been extremely successful.
You have been feeding the monster that people are now fighting, and that is why they are getting killed.
Of course, the establishment of the EFSM will not solve all problems, which is why it is important that governments recognise their responsibility for compliance with the Maastricht criteria, and implement a sensible, well-considered economic and monetary policy based on long-term objectives.
Essentially, the report holds the doors to Europe wide open for Ankara, which is why I voted against it.
From the experience of Latvia, I know that adhesion negotiations are an important instrument for encouraging reform, which is why it is important for the EU to open negotiations on new chapters with Turkey.
Turkey's government has made significant strides, which is why I should like to emphasise that criticism in EU reports on Turkey's progress should be commensurate with an objective assessment of the country's achievements.
Enlargement of the EU to include the Western Balkans was confirmed as long ago as 2003 in Athens, which is why Parliament has expressed the hope that accession negotiations will begin before the end of this year.
The issue of Roma inclusion is a genuinely European problem, which is why the European Union must go to the very root of the discrimination suffered by the Roma community by combating stereotypes, in order to ensure equal access to employment, housing, healthcare and education.
The Roma people is one of the most marginalised groups in the EU, which is why we need to ensure that action is taken to tackle the social exclusion that they face.
I believe that industry plays a key role in keeping jobs in Europe and this is why we must enhance efforts to maintain a strong industrial base, become the most competitive economy in the world and ensure close-knit networks between companies in different Member States in order to achieve shared industrial priorities.
Industry provides roughly a third of employment in the EU, which is why it is so vital that we ensure its ongoing viability.
Let me just kill off this association agreement discussion, which is why I kept shaking my head.
As such, the joint motion for a resolution is now redundant, which is why I voted against it.
However, this cannot be achieved from the outside or even by military means; it must be a peaceful and democratic process, which is why I support this proposal with my vote.
However, this goes to show the ecological, economic and political dimension of this issue, which is why we shall always have disagreement.
Over the course of two and a half years we held more than sixty working party meetings, and we therefore consider that there are no more possibilities for adjustment in order to resolve the blocking minorities, and that is why we had to decide on a significant narrowing of the scope of the directive to distance and off-premises contracts.
Cleaning up our transport fuels is a key part of the fight against climate change and that is why the Fuel Quality Directive is so important.
It concerns different accesses and services and also safety regulations, but it is a relatively short agreement, which is why I am only mentioning it briefly.
Last but not least I would like to remind the House that the EU budget is not permitted to show a public deficit, which is why it is essential that it is implemented properly, and that it makes up only 2% of total public spending.
Incidentally I was told I should also comment on the result of the previous vote; this is why I am making two comments, which have not taken too much of your time.
The bilateral agreements on air services between the European Union and third countries include clauses that have proved to be in breach of EU law as they do not guarantee equal treatment outside the EU for the various air carriers, which is why we need a specific agreement that protects passengers and airlines.
Calling for a small increase or a freeze is derisory - that is why I voted against a freeze - when what is really needed is a sharp cut in the budget to give the taxpayer a break.
This text does not yet resolve this fundamental issue, which is why I decided to abstain from voting on the text.
The full establishment of the internal market is a powerful tool enabling Europe to return to growth, which is why I supported this text.
This proposal, therefore, contributes to promoting a common approach from the 27 Member States with regard to economic migration, which is why I reiterate my vote in favour.
However, changes to the regulation require more time, and this is why it is necessary to extend the mandate of the Agency.
One is to trade in apparently harmless weapons or techniques that can easily become a weapon, and that is why we are concerned with dual use in the regulation.
The current legal framework in the EU does not provide for a minimum level of treatment for victims throughout the EU irrespective of where they have been victimised, and that is why the Commission intends to act to strengthen the position of victims in Europe.
Strangely, this strategy does not make any reference to disabled people, and this is why I would like to use this minute to make an appeal, since the education ministers of all the Member States will be meeting in Brussels on 2 and 4 May to discuss the global strategies around this issue.
Nuclear safety is, and will remain, an absolute priority for the EU, and this is why the Commission attaches great importance to efforts that facilitate the safe decommissioning of nuclear reactor units that have been deemed not to be upgradeable to the necessary safety standards.
As we know, the effects of the events go beyond Japan, and that is why the European Union is drawing all the lessons fully.
Europe is cutting back to death, which is why we should declare a method of attaining our goals, namely the Europe 2020 objectives, as the legally binding basis in the 'six-pack' for economic governance.
As far as Eurobonds are concerned, as mentioned by Mr Verhofstadt, what we need to tell citizens and what we need to mobilise is indeed a defence fund, but if we have no investment fund, if we can show no real evidence of wanting to get the machinery going again - and that is why we need Eurobonds not only for defence but also for investment - well, if we do not go down that road, citizens will fail to understand anything and in particular this policy.
The impact of nuclear energy is cross-border and the European Union is responsible for it, which is why, Mr Barroso and Mr Van Rompuy, it will be your very serious responsibility if we fail to take the necessary precautions against another accident.
The example provided by the island of Lampedusa shows how foreign policy security matters can become internal policy in an instant, and that is why development cooperation alone is no longer enough.
I believe that our rapporteur, Mrs Jeggle, has correctly highlighted this fact, which is why I believe this report is extremely important.
(ES) Mr President, violence against women is a direct consequence of discrimination; that is why we need a multi-faceted policy with special attention paid to the children of abused women.
The 594 redundancies have severe repercussions for living conditions, jobs and the local economy, which is why mobilisation of the EGF is of the highest importance for supporting the affected workers.
The application meets all of the eligibility criteria set out in the EGF Regulation, which is why I voted in favour of the mobilisation of the fund.
However, the resources required for this purpose are extensive, which is why it will be necessary to involve other world powers and coordinate with them.
Clearly, these issues will be crucial in the immediate future, both for Greece and for the rest of the EU, which is why I voted in favour of this particular report.
The application meets all of the eligibility criteria set out in the EGF Regulation, which is why I voted in favour of the mobilisation of the fund.
The European Union must affirm its active role in fighting discrimination against women and that is why the Svensson report supports the European Commission in its attempts to create a clear and homogenous regulatory framework in the context of the Stockholm Programme.
The proposed initiative includes a number of good ideas, but remains quite superficial overall, which is why I chose to abstain.
They were based on that scientific evidence, and that is why we believe they are sound.
Unfortunately, we have not, and that is why this debate is not about figures, this debate is about ethics and politics, it is a debate that qualifies or disqualifies us in the eyes of those who call us to account.
The annual report on the protection of the European Union's financial interests is a bit like the Member States' list of sins, which is why I would like to thank Mr Cătălin Sorin and the shadow rapporteurs from the other groups for their hard work.
You have our backing, which is why we are calling for greater support from the Commission for the European Anti-Fraud Office.
That is why we need the reform and that is why we are going to examine the best way forward in order to achieve a balance between the sustainability of stocks and the socio-economic impact that the reform will have.
Accordingly, we can also agree to this, even if we would have liked to have worked this point out more clearly, which is why we intend to table an amendment.
This position is also backed by the European Economic and Social Committee, which is why I am calling on Parliament to endorse it, in order to be fair.
We have to be present there and that is why this agreement is important.
As a Parliament we have a great deal of responsibility, which is why we need to act responsibly and extend the existing regulation without amendments.
The Commissioner will not be offended, because he was sitting with us in the committee when Malcolm Harbour came up with the internal market initiative, an initiative which re-opened the whole debate on the internal market, and everyone - regardless of their political affiliations, whether socialist, green, liberal or from the European Conservatives and Reformists themselves - I would say almost everyone, supported this idea, which is why I want to mention the name of Malcolm Harbour.
It is an instrument which is supported by the overwhelming majority in this Parliament, and this is why we ask you and President Barroso to include it in all legislative acts governing the internal market.
This can only be corrected by a horizontal social clause, which is why we have asked for one, which is why we are trying to achieve a compromise.
The challenges are considerable, which is why we need to do our best to create a fully fledged framework for an internal market for online services.
The peoples of Europe do not want a common immigration and asylum policy, and that is why they were denied a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty.
Today's decision of Parliament is final and begins the procedure for the provision of EU money, and this is why I voted in favour of the resolution on mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund - floods in 2010 in Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania.
This solution is neither efficient nor transparent, which is why I voted in favour of establishing a standard dispute settlement mechanism, as this will enable players on both sides of the Mediterranean to trade in a safer and more predictable environment.
The peoples of Europe do not want the Lisbon Treaty or a Common Immigration and Asylum Policy either, which is why they were denied a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty.
Even the best European tourism statistics cannot change these, which is why I have abstained from voting.
in writing. - Given the tough austerity measures currently being taken across all Member States, I believe that it is inappropriate to provide funding for a European House of History at this time, which is why I voted against this report.
I supported this resolution as I think that health claims can influence the choices made by consumers, which is why these claims must be used responsibly, based on the highest quality scientific evaluations.
This report highlights these issues, which is why I have decided to vote in favour.
Creating a truly Single Market is our priority, which is why the European Council and the European Parliament should assess the state of the Single Market every year, as this will allow us to monitor the extent to which we have succeeded in achieving the goals we have set.
This resolution by the European Parliament approves and supplements the commitments of the Commission, which is why I supported it.
The citizens of Europe know that and this is why they want to see a strong response from us.
They will develop their reactors, which is why we must ensure that Europe's high standards are imposed not only in Europe, but also in the rest of the world, especially in our neighbouring states, Russia and Belarus.
What is happening in the Mediterranean is surely a difficult signal to understand, which is why Europe must speak up and act with solidarity which would, at this time, probably help the regions exposed to increased migration pressures in the Mediterranean.
We have all recognised the least developed countries' primary responsibility for their own development, which is why a more efficient tax system and good governance in tax matters are needed to enhance their domestic resources.
This time, however, my group and I disapprove of the radical tone of those amendments and that is why we very much ask for a compromise to be found by tomorrow with the rapporteur.
If we adopt this report tomorrow, it will therefore be the wrong message, the wrong policy and the wrong move, which is why I shall be voting against the report tomorrow.
However, you aim to provide other benefits too, and that is why public money is used.
Indeed, that is why it is essential for us to maintain our triple A rating. We borrow in Asia and the United States, and with the resources thus collected, we can finance projects on favourable terms.
This is the reason for the amendments and this is why Parliament, in its amendments to the report which I have tabled, has included timescales within which the legislation of Member States should be adapted to the requirements of the directive, so that the vaccinations can be carried out this year and we will not have to wait until the next season.
(DE) Madam President, I am always pleased when new members join the European Union, which is why I also voted in favour of this motion.
That is why it was rejected, although it had some positive aspects, which is why we abstained.
This is not expressed sufficiently in the resolution, which is why I did not vote in favour.
We are talking about a sensitive area and a topic that concerns the protection of minorities, which is why I ask my fellow Members to approve this proposal.
I believe that is why we also have to view and evaluate the proposals made in the report very positively.
(PL) Mr President, expressions of sympathy are due to all the victims of this terrible catastrophe and this is why it is right that the European Union has immediately rushed to provide humanitarian aid.
(DE) Madam President, in 2009 between them, the EU and Japan produced more than one quarter of the world's economic output and accounted for over 20% of world trade, which is why a well-conceived free trade agreement with Japan is of central importance for the EU.
We are also responsible for making the implications clear to the European public, which is why the involvement of Parliament in the issuing of the mandate, as called for by several of my fellow Members, must be central.
The EU's economy will not rise or fall because of them, but the loss of reputation that we could cause if we do not function in a reasonable manner and one that is acceptable in the eyes of the public is considerable, and that is why we really need to think carefully about what we are going to do.
It cannot be justified, and that is why we should have the courage to discuss here openly whether this is a reasonable way to spend taxpayers' money.
I believe that that is a misconstruction of the situation and that is why I think it is good that the Council is present here this morning.
These matters impact on one another, and that is why I am trying to explain here that, unless we are prepared to make changes now, the public are not going to back us and we will lose out in the significant, major issues.
The Court of Auditors says that the 2009 accounts, on which we have just voted, are materially affected by error and that is why I am very pleased that the British Conservatives and our good friends in the European Conservatives have voted against discharge of these accounts.
in writing. - (BG) I have a few comments to make about the operation of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking, which is why I am not supporting the discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2009.
Parliament ought to have a more in-depth debate on these issues, which is why I would like to provide more room for the discharge debate.
Parliament ought to have a more in-depth debate on these issues, which is why we would also like to provide more room for the discharge debate.
I support spending on the promotion of accessible artistic and cultural events which can enrich the lives of the population; this is why is supported the LUX film prize, despite misgivings on the seemingly large budget spent on this particular award.
Finally, this report shows once more that there is still a long way to go with regard to management of the EDF and their proper use, which is why I agree with all the rapporteur's conclusions and congratulate him on his work.
Negative effects of the trade preferences cannot therefore be ruled out, which is why I rejected the report.
If this is the state of the law in Europe, I say something has gone wrong, and that is why I am asking you now to stop telling us that the problems in North Africa represent a security problem.
We in Europe need to protect not just money and banks, but also refugees, which is why we do not need a new Schengen regulation, but rather a policy on asylum and migration that truly respects human dignity.
I come from Northern Germany, which is why the German-Danish border is of particular importance for me.
The question is important for the Danish debate, which is why I ask that a clear answer be given.
It is much better - and that is why we are working with the Tunisian authorities and Italy in order to see how we can support Italy to create jobs and growth - for these people to find a future in Tunisia, because they are not refugees.
In my country's capital, Berlin, where I also happen to live, there is no such transparency register, which is why we should all be aware that this is a truly significant step forward.
(DE) Mr President, lobbying is a central instrument for the involvement of citizens in political life, which is why it is important to prevent its misuse.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Mr Oettinger, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that it is always good to take stock of activities, which is why I am grateful to the Commission for having explained so clearly everything that Europe has done since the disaster, both immediately, in the medium to long term, and right up to the present.
The sarcophagus is not yet safe, which is why new financial resources are required to put this in order.
There is clearly a role to play for better employment contracts, which is why, in the flagship initiative Agenda for New Skills and Jobs and subsequent documents, we highlighted the problem of segmentation and advocated the use of open-ended contracts, which may have a wider relevance but which help the younger generation in particular.
When we talk about the budget, we must also take into account the framework and the general economic context in which we are discussing the budget - this is why, for the moment, it is difficult to talk about actual figures.
We need more consistency, we need more Europe in the application of these tests, and that is why the peer review with the EBA will also be very useful.
Do not misunderstand: I know that humanitarian aid is apolitical and that humanitarian workers must not be put at risk but, in the primary objective of saving lives, sometimes it is only the military who have the equipment or people to achieve that - delivering aid at speed, putting in place the infrastructure - and that is why, should a UN request arrive, we will be ready to help.
I have always said in this House and beyond that the External Action Service is a force to prevent and resolve conflict, so let me just mention, too, that this is why our role in Serbia and Kosovo matters.
In my view, the report seems too radical, and this is why I voted to reject it.
It is a technical, but necessary, parameter if we are to create a clear trend towards greater productivity, cohesion, competitiveness and access to a single market for European industry as a whole, and that is why I voted for this particular report.
The report is a move in the right direction, but in some areas, it is not specific enough, which is why I have abstained.
The questions have been justified, and that is why it is very important that the Portuguese issue should be made a model example of how a crisis can be held in check, dealt with, and prevented from spreading.
Commissioner, you have just said it yourself: this is a sector with a major potential for our economy and employment, which is why we must take specific, stimulating measures, such as reducing the tax on online projects, because the current system, certainly the VAT rate, is out of step with the times and is absolutely unfair.
There are many unfortunate examples of situations where ignorance of cultural backgrounds and the cultural context has led to failures in foreign policy, and that is why it is very important to make culture an integral part of the European External Action Service.
Culture is the basis of everything, the basis of the future for the European Union as a whole, and that is why it is important to ensure that it is acknowledged, not just in the light of GDP, but as a value in itself, both for people and societies, and, ultimately, for the entire European Union.
In summary, it is of vital importance that we concern ourselves with cultural and creative industries, which is why we must create as soon as possible - for artists and creative minds alike - adequate conditions that take into consideration unique characteristics, in the areas of mobility, intellectual property rights and social protection.
We share this mission together, and this is why, as I close, I would like to ask the Commissioner to relate this serious and important discussion to the Council, which is absent today, so that in the forum of the Council, too, it will be possible to discuss these important tasks for Europe.
There is a Greek proverb which says that heads make capital, not the other way round, which is why we must identify, highlight and develop the skills and abilities of our young people, which we can do if we ensure that they can find employment in keeping with their qualifications and skills.
The role played by local education institutions, as well as local and regional authorities in the area of education and mobility, is also very important, which is why I believe it is important to support the mobility of teachers and youth and education workers, since they are the ones who can motivate youth.
Similarly, disability should not be an obstacle either, and that is why additional funding should be set aside for young people with disabilities.
Today, more than ever, I believe in one Europe - a hotbed of ideas and projects - which is why I voted in favour of the report by Mr Zver.
I am voting for this proposal as I believe there is a need for EU-wide momentum to encourage cultural and creative industries (CCIs), which is why they must adopt innovative economic models and have access to new, legal on-line service provision.
There is a need for EU-wide momentum to encourage cultural and creative industries (CCIs), which is why they must adopt innovative economic models and have access to new, legal on-line service provision.
We thus have a series of anniversaries which are important for us to remember, and for Europe to remember, but I believe that the presence of our fellow Members from Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia proves that Europeans are able to conquer adversity and overcome huge tension, which is why we are very pleased to see our fellow Members here with us, particularly today.
That is feudalism and has nothing to do with democracy, and that is why we cannot accept this.
The European Union must be globally competitive, which is why we need to invest in research and innovation.
Obviously, they are important but, at the end of the day, I think that some of the points made here would be refuted by the Canadians - because I am a member of the EU-Canadian delegation and these matters have been discussed and they would have a different perspective - and that is why it is important that we continue to negotiate with them on these issues.
Impact assessments have a significant effect on legislative activities, which is why new developments are needed, with the establishment of a mechanism independent of those assessments.
We must obviously respect differences between Member States' legal systems and the principle of subsidiarity, which is why I do not regard total harmonisation as the most suitable option.
It is also worth mentioning informal training, which represents an underestimated additional source of skills, and which shapes the character and sense of responsibility of the individual, which is why it should be funded by the EU.
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance want to protect the climate and secure mobility for the future, and that is why we need fair competition.
It is essential for us to be able to meet and work with Croatian experts in the field in order to fight this sad problem, which is why I am in favour of the proposal.
They represent added value not only for industry but also for transport in Europe, which is why I fully support them.
The effectiveness of the measure has not been proven: road transport and its associated pollution costs will continue to increase, which is why we, the Italian delegation of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), are against this measure.
The only way that we can make progress in fighting climate change is responsible reports such as this one which hold those accountable who cause the most pollution and which is why I was able to support it.
So that is why I would say that it is a great victory for us because we supported the process politically, both through our own actions and in financial terms.
However, this is why there are foreign policy criteria and possible resignations from Bulgarian ministers.
This is why we are working on the Frontex Regulation; this is why we are working on reducing the migratory pressure from North Africa by addressing its local causes; this is why there is a new neighbourhood policy; this is why we are working on increasing the lending capacity of the European Investment Bank.
International cooperation is also key to fighting cybercrime and that is why we are engaging with international partners on these issues.
That is a vision of the added value of Europe and that is why we need a European budget.
This is not feasible, and this is why we need a larger and ambitious budget.
This proposal can only be the first step in the right direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
This report is a step in the direction of more stringent controls on credit rating agencies, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
The EU is far from being outdone and that is why it should be able to benefit from its credibility and its 'good reputation' in this regard, with a view to establishing social alliances with its main trading partners and promoting these at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and International Labour Organisation (ILO).
People matter most, and that is why it is so important to promote employment and social standards.
Although I am in favour of the principles behind the report, I do not believe its conclusions are absolutely correct, which is why I abstained from voting.
European businesses are the engine of the European Union's economy and that is why there must be a greater European commitment to protecting businesses in the EU, which often find themselves having to compete with unscrupulous partners.
'Lifelong learning' is an absolute priority for our citizens, which is why access to vocational education and training must be a priority for us.
Impact assessments are so important to our work in Parliament and should play a greater role, which is why I supported this report.
When in doubt, I back the principle of subsidiarity, which is why I am voting against the Wallis report.
Mrs Wallis's motion for a resolution favours the creation of an optional instrument for European contract law for consumers and businesses by virtue of a general regulation, and this is why I voted in favour of the text.
A high GDP, even when calculated per capita, can be misleading because GDP is not distributed equally among the population, which is why it is not a good indicator of quality of life in a society.
The report addresses the above issues, which I consider to be very important and in need of immediate resolution, which is why I voted in favour of this particular report.
(DE) Madam President, Mr Brok, I found your remarks somewhat irritating, which is why I asked to speak.
The European Union is Russia's largest trading partner and main investor; that is why the new agreement must contain legally binding terms regarding investment.
(DE) Madam President, it may be that I have misunderstood Mrs Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienė, which is why I wanted to ask.
This is why I supported the joint resolution and this is why I am in favour of supporting Mr Oettinger and not constantly attacking him.
That is dishonest and this is why we are critical of you.
This is what I believe and this is why transparency, thoroughness and objectivity are so important.
That session, which was held to prepare this resolution, was, from that point of view, a farce, and that is why I left it.
We should all be aware, however, that a major battle must now be fought over the budget, which is why we are appealing to you, Commissioner, as you know it better than I or anyone else here does.
It is possible to go beyond an approach of merely having a penalty mechanism, and that is why adoption of this economic governance package will lead to more Europe and better Europe.
We need a solid foundation, and that is why I am pleased that the Council will exercise the preventive arm of the proposals, namely to ensure that Member States strengthen their own national responsibilities and involve their national parliaments in the process, clear deadlines, procedures and inspection visits, more public reports, peer pressure and public debates in this House rather than in the confines of the Council.
I do not see this in the current package, however, and that is why - quite apart from individual points - it is so difficult for any responsibly-minded person to vote for it.
It is clear that we cannot obtain global support for binding emission cuts, and that is why the emphasis must be on technical solutions, and the problem must be seen in different contexts: we need a different strategy to control those things that affect the climate.
(ES) Mr President, Mr Lewandowski is usually reasonable in what he says, which is why the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) supports him.
Commissioner, this is why today more than ever, at a time of crisis, we need a strong budget that answers the needs that we face at present.
We need to recognise the problems that there have been with cohesion funds over the years, and that is why regional policy in the forthcoming period must also be made far more effective in terms of its implementation and also made more results-oriented.
The success of the Europe 2020 strategy, too, will largely depend on the success of the EU's cohesion policy, which is why it is extremely important that, in the next seven-year period, these funds remain a priority for the European budget.
We are familiar with the arguments put forward as to why we should re-enter negotiations with the Council, which is why I would like to state my position on the motions for a postponement that will follow the other parts of this package.
I wish to spare the European Union such a catastrophe, which is why I am against capping and also why I ultimately abstained from voting on this report.
This point is given due attention in the report, which is why I voted in favour of it.
There is little democratic legitimisation for such measures, which is why I voted against this report.
In my view, the Member States' economic problems will not be solved by simply restricting their powers and their role, and that is why I decided to abstain from the vote.
Although I essentially agree with the report, I reject its approach, which is why I am voting against it.
in writing. - (DE) I have my reservations about the management of radioactive waste and, although this initiative contains some good ideas, it is not enough to solve the underlying problem, which is why I abstained from voting.
We do not agree that the level of payments from the EU budget should be frozen during 2012, which is why we do not support Amendment 16.
Energy strategy is a part of environmental policy and therefore must be decided at European level and that is why we must get serious.
We want to explore the way forward, to share the responsibility for promotion of the policy for reduction of carbon dioxide emissions and the improvement of energy efficiency, and that is why we are insisting that this programme should be broader in form than SAVE I. But that does not mean in any way that the Commission will halt its legislative endeavours or stop forwarding proposals with a legislative content.
For the European Parliament, the energy policy of the European Union is of particular importance and that is why we think it is indispensable that we should be called upon to intervene in the SYNERGY programme, and given a chance to express our opinions on the list of actions to be undertaken as well as being regularly informed of the progress of the European Union's energy strategy.
I was not so clear - and this is why I would like to ask a supplementary question - about whether you seriously cannot accept the compromise that we propose in the report, namely that patent protection should be shorter with regard to generic medicines, so that the time can be used to begin research.
And that is why the Socialist Group will be voting in favour of the amendment which the Green Group has tabled on this issue.
In the fourth and last place, I can assure you, and this should give you some satisfaction, that in our view the question should obviously be put to the World Trade Organization authorities, which are not yet fully established unfortunately and that is why it is actually difficult to know what to do.
We must also look at the targeting and effectiveness of our measures, and that is why it is now critical that we receive an appropriate proposal from the United Kingdom.
But that did not happen, Mr President, and that is why we now need this transparent solution.
The consumer was therefore unable to compare prices, which is why we have this new directive which departs from the old system and indicates the price per measurement unit, i.e. per kilo or per litre for each product.
Cohesion is the overriding objective in our Treaty, it stands over and above EMU and that is why we believe that EMU and its processes and stages need to be scrutinized to see how they contribute to cohesion policy.
That is why my Group spoke yesterday against this urgency, without going into the merits; that is why my Group, in supporting this opportunity, will vote against if my request to withdraw the motion is not accepted.
As far as the differences in the Member States' views of how best to eradicate BSE are concerned, it must not be forgotten that 99 % of all cases of BSE throughout the world have occurred in the United Kingdom, and that is why this issue cannot be compared with others.
Again I stress and labour the point that is why the committee decided to have a proper procedure with a report, amendments stage, debate in committee, a vote in committee, a full report to the plenary as a whole, a debate in the plenary and then a vote.
Needless to say, this horrific problem in the developing countries cannot be solved with meagre funds, but pilot projects can be promoted in order to demonstrate how resources, such as those from the European Development Fund, can be used, which is why I believe this to be a good programme that should have our support.
If that applies to AIDS, it must also apply to the environment, which is why I consider it important that we should coordinate this programme with the efforts of international institutions too.
And that is why we also need a monopoly.
Of course it is no guarantee that all the results of the directive will prove acceptable, which is why we have to continue talking.
And that is why we proposed that this should be achieved gradually and very carefully.
That is the Commission's intention and that is why we would ask to participate in that review in the same way as Parliament; and if we do this in cooperation we are sure to achieve good results!
Then, in that sense, the Observatory and the European Year will have a meaning and that is why we agree with the rapporteur's approach, more direct to distinguish the inner causes and instruments than to seek out the guilty.
That is my regret, and that is why I share your apprehension.
So that is why we say: we agree about looking very carefully at developments in the future.
Mr President, Croatia is an emergent democracy, and that is why we support the demands made by the Council.
The same criteria must be applied here, and that is why Mr Oostlander and Mr Schwaiger have both cited point 5 of the resolution.
That is why we have supported the position of the Council of Europe, that is why we are hoping that Croatia will soon be in a position to demonstrate that it is fulfilling the obligations required of it and that is why we hope that before the end of the summer there can be a meeting of the Foreign Ministers of the Council of Europe, which will then be in a position to make a positive decision on Croatia's membership of the Council of Europe.
Europe's role in curing this disease is strictly limited but that is why we have to make sure that what we do, we do well.
We do not really know about the links with CJD and that is why the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection are jointly running a hearing at the end of this month to investigate precisely these things, to throw some light in public on what is going on.
Future workers are going to have to learn about telematics, and this is why the task force on educational multimedia is such a good idea.
Cooperation is the best way to disseminate new knowledge in Europe, and this is why it would be better to separate the two groups completely, so that firms both large and small can benefit from the framework programme.
Unfortunately, that is why the Chamber is half empty, because those of my colleagues who are waging the campaign for the Maastricht Treaty to be applied in this area as well are not present.
All the arguments prove that, which is why I think we ought to move in this direction.
Article 103 of the Treaty states that Member States must coordinate their economic policies as a matter of common concern, and this is why the Commission recommends that updated national convergence programmes should be developed this year.
But we cannot have lasting monetary stability without convergence, and this is why there will be stronger convergence procedures running alongside the exchange-rate mechanism.
We need to provide greater impetus on the structural policy side, and that is why the economic policy guidelines must indeed be reoriented, as Parliament is calling for today.
I find it extremely regrettable that the idea of taxing currency market operations is brought up time and time again without ever being properly thought through, and that is why I and my Liberal colleagues will be voting against the paragraph in question.
The existence of different private norms alongside one another is of course damaging, and that is why we set up the three standardization organizations CEN, CENELEC and ETSI, whose workload has increased substantially.
There is naturally a conflict here and this is why I asked my second question about whether the Commission has any proposals on how to change production over from tobacco cultivation to the cultivation of some product which is more humane and more geared to good health.
But in terms of tactics and strategy, I think it is illadvised to open discussions with the Council from such a position, and that is why we are against allowing individual national licences which would merely be coordinated.
These are the producers who should be supported in particular, and that is why I am proposing to increase the compensation to ECU 50 for suckler cows and young bovines.
We also know that this impact is being felt most acutely in our small market towns which already have fragile rural economies and that is why they already qualify for Objective 5(b).
I want to dispel any doubt immediately: the three proposals formulated by the Commission in July 1995 are all inspired by full recognition that security is just as important as freedom of movement, which is why a link has been planned between the accompanying measures and the abolition of controls at the internal frontiers of the European Union.
However, these are not easy concepts and that is why a maximum of simple, colourful publicity is required to explain in straightforward terms how the ombudsman can help citizens and how his role differs from the Petitions Committee.
I think, however, that the final text could be improved, and that is why my group will be voting for all of the amendments that have been tabled and which have the effect of making the text more transparent and closer to what citizens are demanding, that is above all to be able to understand and participate.
That is something we should all try to do and that is why the Greens are completely in favour of and will be voting for this report.
The statistic he gave is therefore most informative, which is why I am glad he produced it, even if I do not endorse the way he worded his proposal.
It is a European subject, and that is why I am sorry that you have dragged it down to the level of internal politics with your proposals.
And that is why 55 nuclear plants are currently under construction.
By its attitude the Council is showing that it does not want these improvements in terms of content either, which is why it is hiding behind the arguments of the compromise package.
Money laundering can be done in various ways, which is why the reporting obligation should be extended.
Countless problems still remain over the importation of multilingual products and this is why this proposal is so important.
The risk of fraud is always just around the corner and even the smallest concession may encourage it, that is why I have asked that we vote separately on the different parts of Amendment No 10 - the first paragraph is acceptable but thereafter it contains too many dangerous exemptions in regard to other products.
The subject of debate is not then cooperation with third countries, it is the need for greater balance in drawing up agreements so that our sectors are able to survive; that is why we need, in this as in other sectors, measures to promote European products, given that, as a result of opening up to imports, Europe is now invaded by products from third countries.
To support this is an important task, which is why I am glad that Mr Konecny has taken this matter up as he has.
The customers may not all have been given freedom of purchasing choice in relation to a specific type of energy, which is why the number of consumers with the right to purchase differs from one Member State to another, but the direction is right and of course clever business managers have long since quietly adjusted to this situation.
But I take the view that the European Parliament must bring active influence to bear on the process of legislative simplification, which is why I propose a check-list that would basically contain the following points: first, discussion of the need for action, taking account of selfregulatory mechanisms, i.e. examining whether there is any justification at all for state action; secondly, an examination of the various options for action, namely how the state should act, and here the subsidiarity principle plays a part; thirdly, the alternatives to legislation, for instance an informal legislative procedure, or the persons concerned adopting a measure on their own authority; fourthly, the right timing of the legislative action, i.e., setting a time limit and then undertaking a cost-benefit analysis and finally assessing whether the measure is necessary.
That situation is extremely unsatisfactory, which is why means must be sought of remedying it.
That is why the debate in the Council is of strategic importance - I want to emphasize that strongly - for the Council as the sum of the Member State governments must decide whether as co-legislator it wants to make the Union responsible here or whether it says that the Union should not act and that is why we will call on the Member States to act at home.
We want to support good programmes that help us to save energy and that is why the SAVE II programme should be allocated at least ECU 150 m if it is to be at all competitive.
To be paid too late for work already done, especially outside Europe, spells the end for small and medium-sized firms, which is why my group endorses and supports a directive on payment periods, as referred to in Mr Harrison's report.
Once again he has demonstrated that authority which is why his recommendations and proposals, already approved by us in the Committee on Agriculture, were approved in full by the Council.
It is our view that the question of eliminating controls in the internal market is quite definitely an internal market issue, and that is why it belongs within the institutional decision-making framework of the European Union and cannot be decided solely by the Council of Ministers through a draft joint action.
That is what matters, and that is why our group is in favour of setting up the committee of inquiry.
Therefore, we need to have a coherent European-wide ban to tackle this disease and that is why we are in the position we are in now.
This should not mean, however, that a woman has to go through the whole medical procedure every time she wants to attempt an in vitro fertilization, which is why it must be possible for as many embryos to be created as are necessary to complete the woman's treatment.
Clearly, if there are no rules, this kind of thing is bound to mushroom, and that is why my committee feels that regulation is urgently needed.
We are going to have to compete more with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, and this is why it is vital that we should not go back to needing state aid to compensate for poor competitiveness.
Responses to all these reasonable and important demands, however, can only develop under peaceful conditions, which is why the foremost priority is an all-out effort to promote the peace process.
The third priority after employment and the fight against drug abuse is the creation of a Union based on equal treatment and tolerance, which is why precedence must be given to addressing issues such as equality of opportunity, social exclusion, transparency and the fight against racism and xenophobia.
Mr President, in yesterday's debate there were a couple of ambiguities, which is why I wanted to say a few more words of clarification.
That is true, which is why we have agreed with the Commission that a separate proposal will be submitted for the ports, for instance, and that other parliamentary amendments which have not yet been considered will be taken into account by the Commission in the forthcoming revision.
It must also be an instrument for creating a whole culture of preventive security - a culture of security for the old world, for Europe, and that is why I am in favour of working further in that direction through a general, reinforced foreign and security policy which is aimed at the whole of Europe.
Moreover, in the view of the Conservative People's Party, nuclear weapons are a matter for NATO, and that is why I have reservations concerning paragraph 21 - and I am pleased to see that I am not alone, but have the support of my fellow Scandinavians, as I might put it.
I myself, together with the French socialist delegation on whose behalf I speak, sincerely agree with this general view of things, which is why we are preparing to vote in favour of this report.
And that is why the results cannot be satisfactory.
This question cannot be answered if we do not also take stock of our monetary policy, which is why I hope that the Irish presidency will step up its efforts to find an answer, because it simply cannot be in the interests of Parliament to speak here of a lax monetary policy.
This, then, is an essential matter, and that is why we believe that Ireland must reassert its grip over the international negotiations and reassert its grip over the Commission.
We cannot accept this, and that is why we shall be rejecting the rapporteur's suggestions.
It is widely recognized that the European Union is too remote from ordinary citizens and that is why our Committee on Petitions tries to break down the barriers by giving all citizens and residents the right to put their views on any matter or their complaints on any grievance which falls within the competence of the European Union.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the subject we are dealing with today is particularly difficult because it is technical and that is why it was entrusted to a distinguished rapporteur in the person of Mr Jacob.
On a day such as this the European Parliament cannot remain silent, which is why I propose that we amend the agenda.
On the other hand, and this is why we rejected the request for urgent procedure, I believe it is now a matter for the Council to reformulate a request, if necessary, for the plenary in Strasbourg and to divide that request into three parts.
No one can deny Mr Van Miert's socialist and social convictions, and that is why I am in complete agreement with him.
But I would stress that the second CSF lays special emphasis on improving the production system as a means of stimulating economic growth and creating jobs, for to reduce the extremely high unemployment figure is our common concern, which is why vocational training measures are receiving considerably more support.
I am afraid that it will carry on like this, because no one bothers to turn up for it now that it is no longer held in the evening, which is why I think it should be returned to its old place.
In fact the Convention is intended to uphold actual rights as well as theoretical rights, which is why the practical application of these rights by the State confirms the interdependence between civil and political rights.
We still feel that the dramatic overcapacity in the tanker sector calls for extra scrapping measures, and this is why we are maintaining our amendment to set up a separate scheme for this.
And that is why, Mr Bangemann, this Parliament's Committee on Culture is not raving when it asks for the public service to be strengthened.
These are types of jobs which are now becoming quite widespread and which are mostly held by women which is why we must protect them.
The unequal situation of women on the labour market is often reflected even more acutely in their pension rights, and this is why they will not have truly equal rights until measures are taken in the context of the pension systems - including the supplementary systems - to compensate the low-paid and to cater for interrupted careers and part-time or atypical work in which women predominate.
Commissioner Flynn, you and the Commission have taken all this very lightly, and only seem to want to incorporate the case-law of the Court of Justice into the 1986 directive, without considering the adverse effects of this on female workers, which is why we feel our amendments are particularly necessary.
But these will do little in practice to remedy the lack of equal opportunities; that is why the Commission and the Council must listen to the fundamental demands of the Committee on Women's Rights.
In 1993, our group supported the compromise which was then on the table, and we intend to do the same with this proposal, which is why we have not put forward any amendments.
It is now high time for something to happen, and that is why the common position must enter into force as quickly as possible.
It would indeed be quite uncooperative on the part of the Commission if we were to impede the House in exercising such a right, and that is why I gave you the information which I did.
The other day, we were told by the Danish minister responsible that the declaration was not important; now I gather from the Commissioner that it really is important, which is why the declaration was adopted and no doubt also why there is a wish to keep it secret.
That is how the procedure works, and that is why we have to refer the matter to the Council.
We know that this is a problem, and that is why the new department which I referred to earlier has become actively involved in the discussions on the problems of certification.
I share the questioner's concern at these problems, and that is why the Commission is actively tackling the matter.
We in Europe need to fulfil our CITES obligations and introduce stricter legislation which is both enforceable and verifiable, and this is why we support Mrs van Putten.
Over the last few decades, as we all know, many species of plants and animals have become extinct or extremely rare, and that is why this report is so important.
Young people know this well and that is why young people are less sceptical about Europe than their elders.
Mr President, listening to the debate, one could suppose that Mr Mitchell and the Council collectively are suffering from a serious defect of vision and hearing, and that is why Mr Mitchell spoke as he did about the situation in Turkey.
Unfortunately, as regards the rate at which we said the fund has to be replenished, the advice was not followed and that is why we have the financial difficulties that my report refers to.
Those who know its history know that you personally, Mr Metten, had problems coordinating the three sections, which is why the chairman of the committee had to take over.
However, I do consider it essential that we continue to see the connection, Mr President, which is why I call for the same as the previous speaker.
In this area in particular we find a great deal of suppression of evidence, a great deal of tax evasion, which is why the Commission must combat this tax evasion and aim at further-reaching harmonization.
It is very expensive for the customer to switch numbers, which is why they have to be portable.
You asked to speak on a point of order but you are not speaking on a point of order, which is why I cannot let you continue.
It is a battle we must all fight together, which is why we need the public.
And that is why this question is so important.
We have only just heard about it for the first time, which is why I do not think it is possible to allow this motion.
Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania want to become members of the European Union, and that is why this cooperation is so important.
Likewise, innovation and creativity are not mere by-products of the competitive market, and that is why we need the resources to offer them public support.
We do not want to take any risks and we want to try and find out how this fund might operate; that is why we shall be operating it for a few years to see how it goes.
I think a data protection watchdog could play an important part in creating a more open European Union which is closer to its citizens, and this is why I would urge the Commission to propose an appropriate amendment to the Treaty in time for the IGC.
But that was not necessarily the primary intention in Parliament of those who observed the fact that in a divided community cross-community grass-root development takes time and that is why we have seen a slow uptake.
It is clearly unthinkable that every Community vessel will in future have an inspector on board; by the same token, it is unthinkable that only direct monitoring will take place, which is why the Commission is drawing up a proposal for satellite monitoring.
We can thus only express our dissatisfaction, and that is why I have tabled 19 amendments in this draft recommendation, adopted unanimously on this occasion too by the Committee on the Environment on 25 September.
There is a considerable demand for comparable health statistics at European level which will continue beyond the end of the action programme, and this is why a permanent system of health monitoring has been proposed.
Prevention policy is enshrined in the Maastricht Treaty as an integral part of environmental protection, and this is why I think the Commission's approach of making the Member States responsible for setting targets, parameters and figures is entirely wrong.
In the resolution on the Dublin summit both the Socialists and the PPE are, I believe, asking the Council and the Commission to draw up a detailed and committed report on the Middle East for the month of November, and that is why we do not consider a European Parliament resolution that is hasty and partial to be appropriate at this juncture.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, really I can only confirm that, which is why I am also cutting my speech by half.
That is why the report by Mr Kaklamanis is a very good report and that is why I will confine myself to Amendment No 1.
We are facing a situation of new wars breaking out, which is why it would be important to have a preventive foreign policy that enabled us to pursue a north/south policy in which in future we would no longer have to patch things up whenever we run out of money.
A development policy aimed at independent regional development offers the chance and the condition for peaceful coexistence within the south/north framework, which is why we must not cut these scarce resources even more in future.
It is unbelievable how the extremist Islamic guerrillas have established a reign of terror in Kabul which is paralysing the whole of the country, which is why the women who have neither the right to leave their homes nor to work are segregated in a way that prevents any institution in which they play an active role, such as, for example, the public authorities, schools and hospitals, from functioning.
And unfortunately we must also do so in this case, which is why my group will support the conclusion set out in this resolution, namely that at the moment we will not take any further steps and will wait and see whether the Belarus authorities decide on a change of course.
But in this specific case we need prompt action, which is why I appeal to all parties concerned to put aside the legal disputes and come to a rapid agreement on this question.
That is why we are continuing with our work, and that is why we shall ensure that the definition we are going to propose encompasses parameters other than population density, taking account of the diversity of situations in rural areas, as of course the motion for a resolution proposes.
And that is why, along with other minor amendments also, we think it important to retain that concept and include it in a different, amended version, adopting the fundamentals of the Manzella proposal but including this important specification.
We simply have to provide more funding, which is why I think the amendment proposed by the Committee on Development and Cooperation to increase the budget by ECU 50 m in the year 2000 definitely deserves our support.
But we do have to look after the rest of the population, and that is why Amendment No 12 should receive unequivocal support and has the backing of our group.
We may say that quite definitely not all the income has been declared and that is why this Parliament has established a Committee of Inquiry into the transit system.
Firstly, it must be well funded, which is why we must revert to the European Commission's proposal for 150 MECU instead of the 45 MECU proposed later by the Council.-Secondly, it must be better coordinated with the other energy programmes, ALTENER, THERMIE and SYNERGY, to avoid fragmentation.-Thirdly, all legislative and non-legislative measures should be in place to facilitate the programme's implementation.-Fourthly, special attention should be devoted to ensuring that the programme operates correctly in smaller countries such as Greece.
We complied with that request, and this is why we are now following the normal procedure.
As I said at the beginning, the Commission fully shares the questioner's concern, which is why we are engaged in inquiries into whether to make changes to the battery directive so that we can ensure that other Member States see a development along the lines of what the questioner has described as being the case in Sweden.
I also gave details of the changes we are trying to bring about in this area, and pointed out once again that because of the human rights situation, and because of Turkey's position in the Aegean conflict with Greece and on the Cyprus question, most of the financial aid intended for it has now been suspended, which is why I feel that the MEDA programme at least, being a broader and more horizontal programme for the Mediterranean area as a whole, should continue to apply to Turkey.
But the citizens of Europe have a right to be alerted to dangers and to be reassured about them, and this is why it seems entirely logical to me to have a European network which can warn the various health care systems in good time and coordinate the measures taken.
We also have in Europe a special responsibility and personal interest with regard to environmental problems in Central and Eastern Europe, in the Middle East region and in the Baltic states, which is why the proposal contains priority arrangements for these areas.
I would therefore emphasize that this is why, at one point, I criticized the fact that there had been over 100 amendments to the Fifth Action Programme.
But, above all, this is a procedure whose field of application was, in our view, relatively limited and somewhat inconsistent and this is why we were of the opinion that it was necessary to introduce a number of important and significant amendments.
Therefore, making an exception in the case of economic and monetary union, by retaining the consultation procedure, seemed to us to be the correct way to proceed, and this is why we went down the path we did, although not without much hesitation.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in my view Mr Linkohr has once again marked out the overall framework, which is why I want to concentrate purely and simply on the question of renewable raw materials.
Mr President, President Caldaron of Salvador said not all that long ago that the peace process was going smoothly and that is why the UN significantly reduced its presence.
The sum of these factors has compromised the Adriatic fishing stocks and that is why the Commission's proposal to allow fishing for hake and mullet below minimum size is quite incredible and unacceptable.
The difficulty of this market is surely the fact that it has functioned so well; that is why so many producers entered it, and now there are marketing problems.
We know how difficult it was to make that adjustment, particularly for the old and less well-informed, and that is why we support the proposal of the amendments for the introduction of a dual pricing system which are now to be carried, I hope, in this report.
That is why we speak of the purpose of the political association, which must be to participate in the European Parliament. And finally, that is why it is stressed that the political party is not an extension of the parliamentary groups but an autonomous political body that operates close to the citizens, close to the grass roots.
And that is why we shall vote in favour of the report.
It is clearly one of the most important instruments in terms of employment in the Union, and this is why I think it is also extremely important for the Commission to issue a communication on the relationship between employment and R&D in the European Union very soon.
It is, naturally, pleasing that the EU is prioritising this issue but the programme is open to different interpretations which is why I, as a representative of a country with a restrictive narcotics policy, have chosen to abstain from voting.
At the present time it can only attempt to do this, and that is why it is an interim report.
But this is not enough, which is why we have followed two parallel approaches.
It arises with ONP, it arises with interconnection and so on, and that is why it is better for us to have a general rule for universal service.
We must not forget that the universal service is already widely available in some countries as a result of liberalization, and this is why it must not on any account be abused to protect the positions of the dominant players on the market.
We do that all the time, and that is why we look so tired and pale!
It is certainly annoying that the Council has not yet been able to agree on a common position; that is why we are calling on the Council to reach agreement as quickly as possible, taking account of Parliament's position, and on the Commission to withdraw its draft notice.
He knows it, that is why he has made it.
That is why we need clarity and that is why I am asking for it from Mr Santer.
The new proposal no longer includes as many safeguards: that is why I voted in the first stage for the rejection of the Directive and then for the amendments so as to throw my weight against the Council's position.
There was of course some attempt to answer the question, but it did not succeed and that is why I have to put a supplementary question.
We are after all agreed that we must attempt to save as many undertakings and therefore also jobs as possible, which is why we are of course in favour of flexible rules.
That is what we have achieved and that is why we have every reason to congratulate not only Mr Kerr but also the Commission, and indeed ourselves as well that we have managed to produce this.
We should, however, also and always link development policy with foreign policy, economic policy and other areas, which is why I am also very grateful for the opinions delivered by colleagues from the committees asked for their opinion.
We think this is a Europe-wide priority and that is why we had to take account of scientific progress since the last directive in 1980 and why we approve of the general idea of having a new and improved proposal.
And that is why, on behalf of our group, I offer you our respect and our thanks.
The first is that we are concerned with legislative procedures, and that is why we adopted this procedure.
Madam President, Madam President-in-Office, Madam Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this third annual meeting to debate the functioning of the third pillar is a particularly important one, and that is why I think it rather a shame to hold the debate in these circumstances, but that is by the way.
It is possible to make it work, even as it exists now, but it is also necessary, I believe, under the IGC to examine the mechanisms that are there and that is why the presidency has submitted proposals in the IGC debate.
Today, however, it is extremely difficult for me to do the same, which is why I shall propose that all Mr Caccavale's amendments be rejected, so as not to disrupt the balance established in committee with the other groups.
I cannot support an increased element of supranationality which is why I am voting against this resolution.
I often think that the crisis we have in Europe and the impotence we feel are really the sum of all the impotence felt in the Member States, which is why we have so little room for manoeuvre when we come to the negotiating table in Brussels.
The scope for blackmail in the Union's trade and foreign policies is simply far too great at the moment, and that is why the Treaty needs to be amended.
Turkey is a member of NATO, and while there is much to criticize it for, you have to look at both the positive and negative sides, and this is why we need to hold a meeting of the Association Council with Turkey as soon as possible in order to discuss these issues.
They must be real programmes, for unless we can persuade this civil society to take on responsibility for itself, if we, the EU do not help, then all the splendid words spoken in this Parliament are useless. that is why we ask the Commission to give real support in this area.
These possibilities are as hard to predict as they are numerous, and that is why it is important for the individual to be protected against abuse, and for us to ensure that democratic controls can be applied.
We have to do something about this and that is why, personally, I much prefer completing the necessary reduction in fleets to reducing activity in several forms.
Of course we want clear rules but they must be based on human and environmental needs to a greater extent than this proposal allows, which is why we are voting against the joint draft.
Mr President, this is why it is pleasing that the compromise proposal which is under consideration here is not aimed at such a development at all.
Although this new draft is satisfactory, some points still need clarification, and that is why I tabled a few additional amendments.
And that is why the EU must deal with this subject matter in an international context and not set up a regulation solely for within the EU.
The first concern is that there is unfortunately this two-speed development in the European Union, one speed for monetary issues and a different speed for issues related to working peoples' rights, and that is why we have been bogged down for decades over the issues of information, participation and consultation.
I think otherwise, and that is why I am expressing concern.
We must try to bring Schengen inside the treaty and that is why we now need to adopt a set of rules to guarantee all the fundamental principles I referred to earlier.
That is the starting point for the oppressive society which people like you, Mr Le Gallou, want to see throughout Europe, but which we do not, which is why we have set up an opposing platform in this Year against Racism and Xenophobia!
It is precisely the victims of terrorism and their relatives who suffer and that is why I want to highlight the crucial need to establish a European Union solidarity fund for victims of terrorism.
Without adequate infrastructure, many terrorist acts might not come about and, that is why we need to extend criminal responsibility to those who collaborate with terror.
Democratic dialogue is necessary, and that is why, in this resolution, the European Parliament calls on the States of the European Union to promote it as a contribution to resolving political conflicts.
Perhaps he did not suspect my fascinated interest in matters statistical but I know it is one that I share with a very large number of people associated with this Parliament, which is why they are clearly flocking into this debate tonight.
But the small and medium-sized undertakings have also suffered, which is why so far there are no SMUs in the new Länder, even though assistance has been going on for a long time.
As a number of Members have pointed out, this fact is unfortunately too little known in Germany itself, which is why I can only support your efforts in that direction.
And that is why, Mr Santer, I shall do you a favour and support the motion of censure.
Consumers have been ignored for far too long, and this is why so many people here in the House are keen to see action instead of words.
How far you succeed will determine whether concern for the public interest is restored to its rightful place, which is why we shall have to monitor your actions very closely.
It is thus an important and valuable method both from the medical point of view and also in public health terms, which is why I think - and I am grateful to the Commissioner for acknowledging this - that it should have a place in the Framework Programme on Research and Development.
It represents a significant contribution to the completion of the single market, and that is why my group recommends that the compromise should be adopted.
Currently labelling is voluntary and that is why, by approving the report, the House would be rejecting the Commission proposal seeking to make labelling optional.
We can say, to borrow English expressions, that we are both internal market freaks and at the same time free choice freaks. A prerequisite for achieving free choice is that we, as consumer, are given information, which is why I would like to ask the Commissioner about the marking regulations.
We are federalists, which is why we regard the Commission as a precursor of the possible Federal Government of tomorrow.
If the Commission's responsibilities are collegiate and that is why it was impossible to vote on each Commissioner individually at the beginning of this legislature - as requested by the European Parliament - then, by the same token, responsibility today encompasses the entire College.
So this is indeed a major crisis, which is why we are concerned, though I can tell Mr Tamino that we are also concerned at the violence of the social unrest to which this protest has given way.
That is what we fear, and that is why my group has always fought against the European policy of abolishing the internal borders, because we believe, taking it all in all, that the screening effect they provide is ultimately a strong safeguard of freedom.
Teachers have a major role to play in this process, and that is why they should be obliged to familiarize themselves with the culture, language and traditions of the places where they teach: they should return to the classroom and be examined once a year as to their suitability for teaching, by panels set up by the local and regional authorities.
Mrs Peijs and others said that better solutions were found in the Netherlands and that is why people go there.
And that is why we said we must clear up the misunderstanding about these traditional industries not having a future.
The European Parliament is a protector of the European consumer, and that is why it was necessary for the committee of inquiry to subject this whole issue to intensive scrutiny.
There are many causes of drug dependency and drug dealing, and that is why an integrated approach is needed if we are to combat the problem.
Unfortunately, however, we did not reach agreement on every point, and that is why we are once again seeking clarification on the question of alternative development in particular.
We all wish to see progress on nuclear disarmament, and this is why the forthcoming meeting of the Prepcom in New York is so enormously important.
I think that the current Commission is going through bad times - that is why it is necessary for the European Parliament to play the role which the citizens of Europe have given us in this area and strengthen its presence at that Conference.
This is a view I share, which is why I have worked to ensure that we in the Commission take the same decision.
I agree with this view. We must of course do this, which is why we have arranged for the material received from Austria to be forwarded to the scientific committees so that they can make an independent assessment of it.
Therefore our experience is different from that of the right and that is why we consider that collective rights are as important as individual ones although we recognize and understand the latter in terms of this report.
That seems to me to be the meaning of the text the rapporteur has put before us and that is why I think it should be supported.
From Parliament's point of view, it is very important that we should have this additional information before voting and that is why, Mr President, I should like the vote to be held over to tomorrow.
Both objectives, employment and the convergence criteria, are the joint responsibility of the entire Union, and this is why the countries which already meet the EMU criteria and are enjoying stronger growth should be urged at least to maintain growth at its current levels, for the benefit of other Member States.
However, as the Council has repeatedly explained - and this is why it did not take over the amendment in its common position - the Member States' legal systems are such that a constitutional problem arises, as well as other legal problems.
That is the agreed procedure, and that is why it is very difficult at this stage to set any definite date.
It was not the solution we wanted, which is why I am particularly pleased that the Commission has come up with this initiative, and I wholeheartedly support what the rapporteur has said.
Furthermore, the dealers naturally also make money out of this system, between 10 and 20 % in fact, and that is why they are campaigning so vigorously as well.
To date that unanimity has not been reached in the Council, which is why there is no legal basis for the Philoxenia programme.
That is why the decision on giving discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for 1995 is so important and so significant. And that is why the opinions of the rapporteurs and the full process of debating the amendments are so important.
The expansive policy which the report quite rightly advocates is in contrast to the EU's currency policy which is why the currency policy needs to be changed and the thought of a European currency must be given up.
The expansive policy advocated by the report is in contrast to the EU currency policy which is why the currency policy must be changed and the notion of a European currency must be given up.
As long as we use fossil fuels, emissions will be the result, and that is why an active land use planning and urbanization policy should be developed to reduce the distances involved and make collective public transport and bicycles more attractive, since by this means 50 % of car journeys can easily be avoided because they are shorter than five kilometres.
The Commission's proposal may extend the area where sole can be fished, but not far enough, which is why I have tabled an amendment setting the limit at 56ºN.
But we need to work together to make it possible, and that is why I think that the use of information technologies should form part of the Commission's rolling action programme.
Even though, as I was saying, there are no across-the-board solutions, it is only through regional integration that the developing countries can hope to play a specific, important and autonomous role in international economic and political relations, and that is why it represents a top priority for our cooperation policies.
It is also an important key to free trade which is why we clearly have an extremely important task in helping the industry.
The actual wording of this article to be proposed, which coincides in substance with the proposal already included in the declarations made by the Spanish, French and Portuguese governments at the Dublin summit, is set out in the first paragraph of my report, which is why I am asking the Assembly to vote in favour of it.
Therefore, we are requesting, with this report, not the introduction or the incorporation of a policy - which is why we are not putting down an amendment, and, anyway, the Commissioner is here listening - but rather that the policy be extended to those island which are losing their populations and being blighted by Turkish expansionism which is holding back development of the tourism that is the only livelihood that the people there have to rely on.
Here it is becoming a question of the credibility of our arguments, which cannot be altered just to suit ourselves, which is why I have a simple request to make at this point.
An ad hoc procedure therefore had to be devised, and that is why it took a little time for the Commission to forward the declarations.
The environment is vital to the survival of future generations, and that is why it must be possible to bring legal actions.
Not everything which someone sits down and daubs on a canvas is art - I paint in my spare time, incidentally, and that is why I venture my opinion.
That is the path chosen by the Barthet-Mayer report and that is why our group supports it.
The Commission has drawn a comparison saying that it is easier to move to the USA than within the EU which is why action is needed.
The comparison also shows that the USA and some EU countries have resolved the administrative problems involved through straightforward inter state cooperation which is why we think that these problems can be also resolved between EU countries through inter state co-operation alone and not by moving the issue up to the level of some supranational administration office in Brussels.
It is the politicians who are trying to impose and assert their own nationalistic beliefs, and this is why I am by no means reluctant to impose conditions, and why I am also not particularly troubled by comments that our conditions are simply designed to restore Yugoslavia to how it used to be.
It is our duty under the Lomé Convention to do so, and that is why it is right - as previous speakers have pointed out - that we should reach an agreement which gives these small islands access to appeal.
The WTO ruling gives neither, and that is why we have to confront it, and we definitely have to appeal.
I know that Mr Crampton is here, and that is why I should like to draw attention to two of our amendments, Nos 3 and 4, which are designed to ensure that fish stocks are managed at a regional level. This goes a step further than what is said in one of the recitals, all of which we can accept.
In negotiating fisheries agreements, the Union must not only assert its rights under the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, it must also fulfil its obligations, and this is why it cannot allow itself to export unlimited overcapacity to international fishing grounds.
That is clearly stated in this report, which is why it deserves our full support.
With regard to Mr Teverson's report on multilateral co-operation in the NAFO area, the European Community, as you know, being a contracting party, is required to incorporate into Community legislation all the recommendations made by the NAFO fisheries committee, which is why the two proposals for regulations in question lay down certain monitoring measures, as indeed you mentioned, including observers, which follow up the recommendations made by the fisheries committee of the NAFO.
I am a Luxembourger and my country is surrounded by nuclear power stations, especially the one in Cattenom and that is why I can in no way bring myself to agree with Mr Soulier.
So it is our duty to see to safety, which is why it makes sense, even for those who do not want to use nuclear energy, to make research funds available.
Mr President, Commissioner, renewable energy sources are of great social and economic value, which is why I commend Mrs Rothe's report to this House.
Two billion people in the world can only be supplied with electricity decentrally, which is why it is so urgent for us to act here.
After all that is why the WTO was necessary, because, as it kept being impressed on us, the USA and let us say Swaziland had to be subject to the same rules.
However, there is one question which I must put to him and that is why the Commission, which has lost the argument over the Banana Panel at the World Trade Organisation, has lost the argument with the Panel on Hormones, the only panel where it really had any chance of winning, has now sought a consensus-based solution when it is still negotiating questions as important as the principle of laws' extra-territoriality and the same World Trade Organisation body as an instrument to solve this type of conflict.
Despite that we must admit that these social clauses are often ineffective and that is why the proposal from a number of NGOs to introduce fair trade labels is really very interesting.
It looks as if we will be seeing more of this kind of fair trade label and that is why I would call on the Commission not merely to aid the NGOs but perhaps even to take the initiative to introduce a European regulation for this kind of label.
These are European integration problems, and that is why such projects deserve special attention.
Madam President, the text of the resolution makes it clear that the insular regions of Europe, be they in north or south, are facing great environmental and economic challenges, and that is why the European Union must do more to ensure that these areas are not left alone to deal with their problems.
We feel that the stability pact forms part of the overall concept of a single currency and we therefore wish to approach it constructively, which is why we held informal three-way talks at which we were able to put our views to the Council.
They are concerned about the quality of the constitutional state, as indeed we are, and this is why the Member States and the presidency in particular have insisted that the Treaty should say that the Union is a Union of democratic states determined to maintain the rule of law at a high qualitative level.
We have to take account of what can realistically be achieved, and this is why I do not feel directly concerned by the criticism which has been voiced about these kinds of issues.
Mr Christodoulou's amendments go in a positive direction compared with the Council's position and that is why we are supporting them. The same can be said for some of the ideas outlined by Mrs Randzio-Plath.
It is clear, Mr President, that this social and economic model is completely contrary to workers' interests, and that is why we shall fight to overturn it. We shall step up this fight however we can.
That said, the Commission recognizes that public investment has suffered in recent years and that is why it can only deplore the fact that the Council has rejected its proposals concerning the major networks.
And this is not an efficient way to allocate resources; that is why the single currency is a further incentive to introduce at least some coordination of taxation on capital.
We do not think that the Lannoye report goes in this direction, on the contrary, and that is why we have tabled some amendments and we shall vote against certain articles and we will vote against the whole report if paragraph 2, for example, is kept as it stands.
There is also no legal basis for it, which is why we have said that we will not vote for the report.
Obviously, Parliament cannot adopt a position on a draft law which is not available in every language, which is why the Council's action could be taken as an indication of how much the democratic process in Europe is being eroded.
Inadequate compliance has brought this Convention into disrepute, which is why we welcome the 1995 revised version and the Commission's proposal to transpose this into European law.
This is an exceptional vote, and that is why we are exceptionally setting an 8 o'clock deadline.
And that is why we have to improve the way we work.
The legislation on noise is different, although it exists in most Member States, and noise is something that can actually be harmful to health, which is why it is essential for us to do something about it.
Allowing the euro and the new VAT system to coincide could be too much of a good thing, and that is why we, as the authorities, have to show that we are serious about easing the administrative burden.
People in general have now become anti-European, and this is why all politicians from all parts of the political spectrum now have just one task before them.
I do not think that is right in these circumstances, which is why I cannot vote for the content of this report.
However, I think the most important thing is for the Commissioner to ensure that tourism in Europe is presented to the outside world as a unified sector where the same rules and standards apply, which is why it needs to be included in the Treaty.
But as Greens we want to highlight the fact that tourism can also have great environmental and social impact, and that is why we have some doubts about the resolutions which have been tabled.
That is the only issue here and that is why I have confined myself to it.
Then we are preparing for enlargement eastward, to central Europe, which is why we must make savings.
Either the Member States do it for themselves, in which case the Commission issues an instruction, and says what it wants to some extent, or the Commission does it, and that is why I hope to hear you say this evening that the Commission is indeed working on implementing provisions.
It is out of the question to apply stricter labelling rules for soya and maize than we do for a novel food which is going direct to the end consumer, and that is why we are going to have to reconsider this matter.
There is, therefore, a major problem which might not be resolved in Amsterdam and that is why, despite the declarations made by Mr Van Mierlo, I am still wondering about the way in which to react to this situation.
I have just left a meeting - that is why I was not here before and I apologize - with Commissioner Oreja, on the institutional provisions concerning the veterinary field and public health.
The only thing missing is democracy, and that is why I voted against it today.
Mr President, this text, this construct, proffers a rich menu for the multinational monopolies to gorge themselves on, and all the resolutions are like the waiters at the table, which is why I have voted against them as well.
The Council shares this opinion and that is why we are aiming at a structural improvement of the functioning of the CFSP and that this on the agenda of the IGC.
Whereas it increasingly dismantles Member States' sovereignty in terms of foreign policy, it unfortunately brings with it hardly any harmony or peace between nations, and that is why we shall not be voting for the report.
That is why Parliament has repeatedly called for their abolition and that is why the European Union has had, since 1991, a regulation in force banning them.
I find unacceptable any agreement which does not ban leghold traps in the short-term, and I fully agree with Mr Pimenta who said that that disagreement is quite inadequate and ineffective and that is why it should be rejected and I think that we should ban imports at once.
Personally, I never put much faith in those promises, which is why I did not vote for the GATT Agreement.
Young people are the future of our society, which is why I firmly believe that we should involve them as much as possible in the construction of a united Europe.
This plan to integrate young people within Europe, on the basis of humanist values, requires them to be mobile, and that is why the initiative needs economic support in the form - so I hope - of increased funding.
We have recently had some very bad experiences with the Council over important cultural programmes, and this is why I would urge that we should not launch this programme until we have an adequate budget, so as to ensure that all the young people for whom it is intended are given the chance to take part, rather than just the small group who know how to gain access to it.
What is even more important, of course, is that the violence should be stopped, and this is why we need to bring pressure to bear on the government to crack down on the paramilitary groups, to protect human rights and to strengthen the power of the judiciary.
As Mrs Pollack said, the CITES conference is being held this week in Harare, which is why this is the perfect time to raise the issue of the survival of the tiger.
Finally, I think it is very important to point out here, which is why I have kept it till last, that we feel that this suspension procedure should not just apply to the ACP countries, but should serve as a model for all agreements with all other third countries.
That is true and the Court of Justice has recognized that, but it is only partly true - and that is why the group was set up in the first place - as biotechnology affects various matters which are part of Community scope and action.
The Commission is of course taking a close interest in this matter, which is why, in my oral presentation, I made a point of stressing this problem of ageing.
Having said that, I wish to make a broader analysis centred upon the debate between those wanting to regulate company law by means of a recommendation - which is why a request has been made for this report to be referred back to committee - and those who advocate that it should be regulated by means of a directive or at least a framework directive.
It did not do so, which is why all the other Member States accepted the Commission's position.
All love affairs are dangerous, Mrs Flemming, that is why they are so wonderful!
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that building policy is a very heavy burden on Parliament, which is why I also presume that retaining the 20 % limit is the most delicate question we will have to resolve at the first reading.
And that is why, too, things are going to change in schools.
The final report is expected at the end of the month, which is why the Commission does not want to adopt a position before the panel has completed its work.
However, the criteria and procedures bound up with the Structural Funds are still very complex, which is why I advocate simplifying the rules which would be helpful to these monitoring measures.
Excessively large-scale environmental infrastructure places a burden on the citizens and communities of disadvantaged regions and makes them even poorer. that is why I call on the Commission to give preference to small-scale projects and to support those which will leave the next generation an environment worth living in.
That is why it is so important to consider new ideas for a support programme worthy of the accession strategy, directed far more to the structural funds than to PHARE, because PHARE does not match up to an accession strategy in terms of funding available, range of support measures or procedures, which is why it cannot fund the aims in question.
The concern to establish a better balance between the market and the environment continues to demand great efforts from us all, and this is why we are delighted that, as well as placing environment policy in general on a much firmer footing at European level, as in the Amsterdam Treaty, we have also been able to make significant progress in the policy we are currently pursuing.
Neither option is acceptable, which is why we must emphatically call for the institutional reforms to be undertaken sooner and for the deadlines set in Amsterdam to be brought forward substantially.
Mr Santer, you have set a most serious anti-democratic precedent, which neither the Member States nor the Parliament should tolerate, which is why we at the minimum demand the relevant and public explanations.
We cannot allow the stalemate on vote weighting to stop the Union from enlarging at an appropriate pace, and this is why we find it hard to accept the idea, which many Members here have suggested, of having an entirely new round of intergovernmental negotiations before the first wave of enlargement.
The Ombudsman's role must be allowed to develop and must be judged by his achievements, and this is why I also think it is madness to try to define what we mean by maladministration, mismanagement and the like.
That has to change, which is why I would ask you to travel round the various countries of the Union, make yourself accessible to the public and do what you can to publicize your own existence.
Europe's wealth lies in its cultural diversity, and this is why we are right not to concern ourselves with discrepancies between national rules and regulations - provided, Mr Blokland, that they are proportionate and that cross-border commercial communication is not obstructed or discriminated against.
That is what the directive, as amended, sets out to do, which is why the ELDR Group will of course be voting for Mr Rothley's report.
I share that belief strongly which is why on this occasion I feel at ease in supporting this report and do so in good conscience.
The reverse of your line of argument is true, which is why I see the Gebhardt and Berger amendments as an opportunity to redress the balance in some respects and to make the report approvable.
That sort of cooperation between farmers and environmentalists does not occur too often, which is why I find it particularly encouraging.
Of course, simplification and flexibility of the directive's procedures must pose no threat to safety, and that is why mainly cases of demonstrated low risk should be involved.
We all know examples of areas where liberalization is still not working, even in countries where it was introduced ten years ago, and this is why it is so important for all the institutions of the Union to make sure that the fullest possible legislation is ready by 1 January 1998.
We want to make rapid progress, which is why we have reconsidered the timescale and have opted for 1 January 2000.
We regard this kind of approach unacceptable, which is why the UPE Group will not be voting for Mr Tillich's report, which would have the effect of putting agricultural policy at considerable risk.
The rapporteur must be aware of this, which is why his report is really just carrying coals to Newcastle.
At bottom, this report is a fair one and that is why we shall vote for it.
We must therefore regulate and that is why I shall be voting in favour of the Rothley report.
I also agree entirely with Mrs Graenitz that we venture into wide range of questions when we apply this instrument, and that is why we chose to present the communication.
We want to help those people, we want to cooperate with them, and that is why we are approving this report.
We are all very strong supporters of the campaign to promote books and reading, which is why we welcome the Ariane programme.
There may be serious consequences for those farmers who currently earn their living by growing tobacco which is why it is important that these farmers are given aid to change to other types of crops.
We believe that this is a disgrace for the model of democracy and freedom which the United States represents today throughout the world, but above all we regard the O'Dell case - and this is why we must save him - as a symbol for all the death sentences which are pronounced every day, with no word from public opinion, in countries such as China, Iran, Sudan and many others.
The needs of SMUs do not always coincide with those of large businesses, and that is why many SMUs choose to join forces amongst themselves.
The tradition of hop-growing dates back a long time in a number of Member States; that is why we should help to secure its future, so that every now and again, when our work is done, we can toast each other with a glass of good beer.
In Bavaria, for example, beer is drunk in a measured way - and that is why we call the mug from which we drink it a 'measure' .
Mrs Kinnock, the Commission did not ask to reply on the last item and that is why I closed the debate, precisely because there was no request to speak.
When I took up this portfolio in 1994 I found that the time-limit had expired, and that is why we carried out that revision, and there will be another one soon.
Parliament made its decision, and there was an amendment along the lines of what has been suggested by the two Swedish representatives here. That amendment did not get enough votes and that is why it has not been included in the directive.
What I can assure you of is that the Commission is keen, and that is why we are carrying out a study.
We do not mean to cast any aspersions here, and that is why we have included nothing on that in the resolution.
We want to go ahead with this dialogue, and that is why we seek this dialogue between the European Parliament and the newly-elected Algerian Government.
My fear fundamentally arises from the fact that I consider the terrorism in Algeria to be the direct consequence of a socio-economic crisis rather than a cultural and religious one, which is why, given the similar economic situation in the other Maghreb countries, terrorism could also emerge dangerously elsewhere.
The peace process has been going through a very severe crisis, which is why every effort has to be made now to prevent it being destroyed with no alternative in sight.
We are well aware of this in my country, which is why we have wanted this convention for a long time.
Caution is essential in the issues we are discussing here since they directly impact the exercise of public liberties and this is why - quite rightly - the intergovernmental method has been chosen for this agreement.
They demanded at least 60 ratifications before it came into force, and that is why it has taken 12 years.
Responsibility ultimately lies with the Member States; that is why it is hard for us to get anywhere.
This solution is clearly unacceptable, which is why the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights proposes once again, through the rapporteur and with a large majority, that the amendments and therefore the position that Parliament had already voted for be reintroduced.
Mrs Ewing, it was an internal matter, that is why it is not there.
This is certainly not the case for Mr Monti's position aimed at abolishing duty-free shops in Europe and that is why I could not vote for this report.
We are now continuing on this road, totally blindly, without making any other changes when we see we are heading in the wrong direction. And that is why I have actively voted against it.
Parliament has often given attention to execution figures and that is why we should also do it here.
And, I repeat, this is why we recall perfectly that the stake is not just one of meeting the citizens' need for security and the requirements of our finances, but also one of building an efficient democratic structure to combat crime more generally.
Parliament must do its best to improve the Union's image through its own activities as well and that is why I wanted to draw attention to this aspect in this debate.
On the other hand, Denmark's reservations about participating in legal cooperation in the EU prevent it from being involved in the initiatives to combat fraud which the report demands, which is why we have not voted in favour of all parts of the report.
I wanted to put a question to the Commissioner, however, and that is why I rose to speak.
I believe that the principle of quid pro quo in the food field is leading the European Commission down an unacceptable road, and this is why all the political groups are expressing their concern.
It is interesting to discuss this matter; that is why it was taken up.
It is a bit dry and boring and that is why there are not many people listening to us tonight.
I believe that is why the Organization of Composers, Creative and Performing Artists specifically supports them.
And furthermore this is the only way we can put a stop to the growth in opium production and trafficking under the Taliban leadership and that is why an amendment has been tabled, which we shall be pleased to support.
Victims therefore need the full backing of society and that is why help for victims must be at the forefront of our efforts.
We know, and have taken account of this in our amendments, that is why a compound including nickel and copper is needed.
Natural, human solidarity, essential to human and social balance, is still essential in our societies, and that is why I oppose the rapporteur's proposal on individualizing social security in Europe. I see that as a mistake.
I am pleased that 18 is stipulated, even if this is to some extent qualified later on, and I think that is why I finally voted for the Schulz report.
They both need to be accommodated, which is why the Conference of Presidents decided to extend the evening session, as you will see in the agenda, to 8 p.m. Assuming that the vote on the report by Mr Méndez de Vigo and Mr Tsatsos can be completed in about an hour and a half, we will still have from 6.30 p.m. until 8 p.m. for Question Time to the Council, which is the normal amount of time.
If the Union does not do so there is the additional danger that individual Member States will retreat from their targets, and that is why I do not entirely understand the Commissioneris reluctance to support the position set out in the resolution by Carlos Pimenta and ourselves.
There is an additional problem with regard to the entire BSE dossier, namely that the entire investigation is threatened with collapse as the result of an additional situation, and that is why I find the report somewhat incomplete.
This is a case of fraud which we have raised repeatedly in other temporary committees of inquiry, and I would request that this dossier is in any case taken on board by the Committee on Budgetary Control, and that is why we have tabled a number of amendments on this matter in order that this dossier, which in addition to the ordinary BSE dossier is pending, will also be given a chance.
It is to this objective that I feel an attachment, this is why we have taken a certain number of measures.
And that is why I wonder whether we should continue to deal with proposals like this in this way.
Commissioner Liikanen knows this very well, we all know this, and that is why, from that point of view, our task is easy.
It is the principle of the supremacy of Union law, even over national constitutions, which is now being written into the treaty itself for the first time. And that is why it is a new written constitution, which Great Britain is now getting for the first time in your lives and in the lives of other Britons.
The debate has shown that the decision in Amsterdam was too shortsighted, which is why I do not intend to go into the general institutional questions now, but directly to the area which I have observed as suiveur and to ask the central questions there.
But the heart of our relationship lies much deeper: we share many basic values, attitudes and interests; we cooperate to promote those common interests and values around the world in working for political stability, democracy, open trade and human rights, and that is why we are working together in Bosnia and Eastern Europe, and in promoting peace in the Middle East.
And I agree with you which is why I did not ask you to wind up before the 20 minutes - double the time of the Council.
I think that is why a transatlantic market-place with clear objectives and a timetable is very important, to maintain the momentum while providing a framework for a treaty which takes in the democratic institutions of the European Union and the United States.
We reject the Treaty of Amsterdam and that is why we have voted against the Méndez de Vigo/Tsatsos report.
The Council was unable to accept all these amendments, especially not the proposal about ex-directory telephone numbers, which is why the question was referred to the Conciliation Committee.
And that is why, in the same spirit of generosity and solidarity, all of us must combine the measures, the means and the instruments at our disposal to fight organized crime at European level.
And this is why we must start first of all with a rapprochement between legislation as it stands now in the different Member States.
Therefore the situation will have to be followed closely, and that is why I ask the Commissioner whether an expert investigation on behalf of the Commission has been made; and I would like to see the results of this investigation made public very soon, if only to help the Togolese Government, to help demonstrate that free elections in a democratic Togo can be genuine.
And that is why my group has mixed feelings about Odysseus.
Amalgamating Odysseus with Sherlock is certainly extremely difficult, even with the help of gene technology, which is why I - though a fan of English detective novels - must talk about Odysseus. For we are actually on an odyssey as far as asylum law in the European Union is concerned.
That is a bit odd, which is why I asked for it to be removed with regard to Slovakia as well.
Madam President, I am glad I am not talking to an empty house, which is why I welcome the visitors in the public gallery.
It involved the votes on the reports on the enlargement, and that is why they were taken at the beginning of the morning as an exception.
This applies to both Wallonia and Flanders, which is why my group has submitted the amendments it has.
We do not have the resources, the financial wherewithal, to tackle unemployment as one unit, and that is why what the individual Member States do is crucial.
However, you do not need the gift of prophecy to predict that, without a strong parliamentary majority, we will be at a disadvantage vis-à-vis the Council, and that is why we will be voting in favour.
This means that Parliament might perhaps be able to play a steering role and that is why, colleagues, it is of crucial importance that we set the budget tomorrow with a large majority.
But we do not accept that, and our ambition remains to create a widened and cohesive Union, which is why we support the declaration of the three countries who wish to make a new enlargement dependent on preparatory institutional reform.
This would be tantamount to paying for planting without any intention of achieving a crop, and that is why we support the rapporteur.
It was particularly striking that the Council adopted this unanimously, which is why I am somewhat unhappy that it is now proposed to take sports foods back out, and with the support of the Socialist Group, who did not, incidentally, take that line during the first reading.
But it is impossible to exercise democratic control in a completely closed system, and that is why I would like to emphasize the third section of Amendment No 7, which says that meetings of the Committee of representatives of Member States which assists the Commission should be public unless there are convincing reasons to the contrary.
Rules on special nutrition should only be issued if they are unavoidably necessary for consumers, which is why we go in for directives such as mother's milk replacements and mixed supplements for infants and young children.
This is premature, which is why I supported Amendments Nos 16 and 17.
This discussion has already taken place in committee; that is why the text presented to you corresponds perfectly, in spirit and in letter, to that which was voted for by the great majority of members of the Committee.
It has had a manageable timetable and, of course, that is why we will achieve the single currency on 1 January 1999.
I want you to know that the Commission shares the same concerns as your rapporteur, and that is why it decided to hold a new round table on 26 February, with all the social partners and interested organizations in Parliament, the Commission and the Council, in order to reach a consensus approach to a solution to the problems and positions which are still pending.
Nevertheless, I think we should try to proceed logically, and that is why I think we keep encountering a particular fundamental problem more and more often recently. I am referring to the legal basis.
The Commissioner knows that very well, which is why I am not presenting this as a complaint, but just asking for her help and collaboration.
For this reason we need controls and this is why we in the REX Committee organized a hearing and have submitted the report which is to be adopted today at the second attempt.
And this is why the EVP has included amendment 8.
That does not alter the fact that it is always good to maximize the effectiveness of aid, and that is why we think the following five points are important.
Finally, this is why we find a sort of renewed economic and financial dependence on the part of the developing countries upon the countries of Europe, a dependence which is frankly neo-colonialist in flavour.
It was because I considered it proper to sound out the new Commission and see whether it was possible to get a change in the view that it should be a recommendation, but it was not possible, and that is why Mr White received the answer concerned.
Of course, the study must show us that a viable solution exists, and this is why I insist that it is important that the European Commission gets this prospective study underway.
In today's Europe it is important to invest in the exchange of young people, which is why the Socrates training programme is a sensible measure.
I categorically believe not, which is why I voted against the report.
However, in principle, the proposal in the report is good, which is why I have voted for it.
I fear that we are talking too much here and looking for excuses that there is no common foreign policy, and that is why there is none or rather, through the current Presidency, that it is a party to Clinton's war games.
I consider the rapporteur's proposal to be realistic and entirely feasible, which is why it could have great significance for environmental policy.
But I feel sure that you, Sir, as a distinguished member of the Bureau, having taken a most wise decision, will find it possible to adjust the situation to meet cases like mine, and that is why I rather expanded on the position.
I can say to the honourable gentlemen that I agree with him that it is important to have a multilateral approach which is why this code has been proposed by the Presidency in the first place.
It is worth noting, however, that because of the restrictive clauses on ownership and control in most existing bilateral agreements, mergers are practically impossible, and that is why we are witnessing a proliferation of airline alliances instead.
Unfortunately, parliaments do not seem to understand my graphic amendments, which is why I was not able to submit them.
Balancing these three interests, which are not always compatible, will not be easy and that is why, like the rapporteur, I support at this stage a recommendation in this area rather than a directive.
We can no longer be lax on issues such as braking systems, fire risk prevention and speed limitation, which is why we are interested in the harmonization proposed today.
So besides adopting specific resolutions - and there are clearly no objections to that, which is why we are debating it here -, perhaps we ought in future to examine another more effective way not just of expressing solidarity but of becoming more effective in substance.
In the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control, the failure to correct the coefficients may have led to considerable additional costs, which is why in future care should be taken that these coefficients are checked at regular intervals.
All we are trying to do with this question is make it quite clear that Parliament is not responsible, and that is why I think it is urgent.
But what we want is actually a breakthrough to sustainability in production, and that is why five years would be better in our view.
The European Union is not one homogenous economic area: there is a lot of variation contained within it and that is why, when it comes to a central bank system, the national voice must be heard.
Those means are denied to us for all the obvious reasons and that is why there is a difference between trying to set a target at Community level covering some 350 million citizens affecting 45 000 road deaths and setting targets at the national or indeed the local level which are more capable of being attained simply because of the reinforcement action that can be taken.
In that sense, this report is sounding the alarm bells and that is why we will support it.
Mr Kreissl-Dörfler's report confirms those criticisms in a strong and convincing way, which is why we are in favour of it.
However, we believe Parliament's proposals are serious and credible, which is why we do not agree with the Council amendments which fail to include them.
In any case, we consider this amount insufficient which is why we are emphasizing Amendment No 5 which provides for a larger sum.
Questions of diet and life style and environment and medical science itself will demand significant European responses, which is why it is important that we make coherent and consistent progress and is why the scrutiny provided by reports such as that by Mrs Flemming on the integration of health policies across the range of EU competence is so important and so revealing.
I believe, and that is why we in the Group of the European People's Party have tabled amendments, that we must make disease caused by environmental factors a focus of a new health policy in the European Union and that we cannot only deal with it in such a small programme.
This will cost no extra money, which is why we do not understand why the Commissioner opposes Amendment No 13 by the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party.
Mr President, this is why we are tabling our amendments to the regulation on this point.
The voice of the European Parliament is therefore essential at this time of accession, of integration, of the expansion of the EU and that is why we are asking you, Mr President, to ensure that our voice is taken into due account before the Council and the Commission.
It is one of the conditions for democracy to remain on its feet, and we know it, and that is why the rules for establishing this court are advanced rules providing a guarantee for democratic systems.
That is why, Mr President, this Foundation is a very good thing, and that is why I believe we will be able to continue along the path we have taken with these amendments.
This will provide economies of scale in administrative terms and will ensure greater participation, which is why Parliament will be holding out for ECU 80 million for this project.
This subject relates to one of the most politically complex and difficult areas in the world and that is why the debate has continued for many months.
Perhaps we are forgetting our cultural and architectural heritage, which is of great value, and also that, to have people at the top of their professions, we need to give them adequate training, and that is why, in our opinion, a study course cannot stop after a few years.
But tourism is also about adventure, which is why tourists now go to Turkey, Eastern Europe, California and I do not know where else in the world.
Regional airports are important, particularly in peripheral areas, which is why I think cross-subsidization is, if transparent, acceptable within a national airports network.
The pressure brought to bear by the reserve has meant that new proposals are again being submitted, and that is why the postponement of the discharge is so important. I have learned a lesson from all this, namely that the Commission ultimately responds to pressure
Mr President, this is why I am requesting that we should not have the final vote on this proposal, and that we should instead refer the report back to committee. We should have an opportunity to have a proper debate with the Commission and the Council.
Maybe that is why more jobs are is created in the United States.
I have serious doubts about Amendment No 7, as proposed by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy and drafted by Mr Harrison. Perhaps this is why the wording 'if necessary' has been used.
Unfortunately, they do not represent all the proposals of the SLIM team, which is why it is all the more astonishing that these proposals were favourably welcomed by the Commission and the Council.
This means that we should have a coordinated and consistent policy of promoting equality between men and women, which is why the Committee on Women's Rights has argued for the ACP Assembly to establish a standing "Women in Development' Committee.
Mr Lamfalussy and Mr Duesenberg were the first to understand this and this is why they have lent themselves so easily to listening to, and dialoguing with Parliament, rightly considering that they would thus acquire greater legitimacy than that conferred on them by the Treaty.
The Council believes that to achieve a stable economic situation there must be a stable monetary situation, and that is why many of the Member States within the European Union have tried to put their economies in a position where they can contribute to that stable monetary situation and benefit from it.
Those are consequences that an economy which is competing in a global context cannot afford, and that is why the policies of the Union are geared to achieving monetary stability.
This has not been expressed clearly enough in the proposal, which is why we fully support Amendment Nos 14 and 18 which deal with this issue in greater depth.
That right is available to the political groups and is not up to the Chair, and that is why an extra minute was allotted to Mr Schulz.
I think it is important, on the wider issue of our relationship with the Council on CFSP and other matters, that there be absolute consensus among the groups of this House which is why I did not press this matter, as you know we could have done, earlier.
And that is why the Herman report, which made the mistake of putting the question of democratic accountability too clearly, was suddenly withdrawn from the agenda of the present part-session.
Therefore the agreement with which we are dealing today has a symbolic character as well, since it underlines the resolution and the will of Europeans to make their own contribution in this area, and that is why I ask you to approve it.
It holds the future, and that is why the strategy of industrial policy must take account of the specific characteristics of the textiles and clothing industry, whilst integrating it into an overall industrial strategy.
My city, Bruges, for instance, candidate for the year 2002, does not have the facilities and infrastructure which capitals have; this is why I support the amendment which provides for ECU 2 million.
I am in favour of making a distinction between general and implementational aspects, and that is why I have not accepted your amendment.
I find this amount ridiculous and that is why the Group of the European Radical Alliance will vote for the amendments presented by Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz, whom I would like to thank for her excellent work.
We had reached agreement in committee as regards the content of the compromise amendment but, because the formulation was not quite right, we came to an agreement on the following; paragraph 12, on which we have already voted, says exactly what has to be expressed here, and that is why, as rapporteur, I would propose that we vote against paragraph 43 and that those who have difficulty with this - and I would urge this strongly - should at least abstain.
So that is why the scenario envisaged in Madrid has become a reality.
The best thing to do would be to postpone the euro, which is why we still want to hold a referendum in our country.
We have worked together on this issue for 10 years, and that is why I am in favour of having an argument with the Council and going into the conciliation procedure with this amendment which we have once again proposed.
I think that is why I was rather late seeing my name.
This we failed to do on this particular occasion, and that is why I too voted against the amendments.
Unfortunately the committee did not accept that and that is why, as you know, we are taking the procedure, the infringement procedure, further, and why we are currently working on the preparation, or engaged in drawing up what are known in English as the statements of objection.
We must always bear this in mind, and that is why we are looking more to practical measures than to legislation, or at least not just to legislation, for this cannot guarantee the necessary degree of protection.
They must be congratulated and helped and certainly must not be penalized for doing so, which is why it is particularly important to have proper recognition for the study time spent in other EU states.
He has done this because of his conviction, and that is why he has also been able to convince other people.
And this is why, at the hearing, we sought confirmation from Wim Duisenberg that he alone and nobody else would decide when his term of office would end.
Mr President, a reliable visionary must be a realist, and that is why Mr Tindemans was the excellent rapporteur of a report which was, naturally, excellent.
We must start by establishing our own position on the Internet and that is why I think it necessary to dissuade the Member States from taking action which will be damaging to the creation of a uniform European system in the long term.
It is essential for the consolidation of this peace process that lawlessness is brought to an end, and that is why the perpetrators of this murder should be found and punished quickly.
Mr President, this sort of proposal often tends to be symbolic in nature, and that is why I am underlining that one of the last parts of the proposal talks about the need to combat illegal arms exports.
We want to be transparent, and that is why there are no problems at all with this.
That happens quite often, and that is why I really want to criticize this aspect alone.
We now have greatly improved technologies, with higher efficiencies, which is why we can say we should greatly promote cogeneration.
Neither wheat nor maize can thrive where potatoes thrive, and that is why it is in particular the production of potato starch that is indispensable and an essential factor for certain disadvantaged regions of Europe.
Understandably, this was not acceptable to the Member States, and that is why at first reading the Parliament followed my proposal under which the Member States were to play an essential contributory role in the establishment of the networks.
Nor have those social and territorial disparities been eliminated - despite the progress that has been made - nor will the budgetary restrictions we have agreed disappear with the single currency, which is why we must keep the Cohesion Fund after 1999.
Furthermore, the agreement was initialled by the Commission without first consulting Parliament for an opinion, which is why I agree with the rapporteur who maintains that Parliament must be informed and that the protocol must be observed.
However, quotas belong to individual producers, which is why the existing carry-over possibilities are the correct solution to this problem.
Amendments Nos 1, 5, 12, 19, 32, 40, 43, 62 and 64 would entail enormous changes to the underlying equilibrium in the respective areas that is intrinsic to our proposal, and this is why I am not in a position to accept them.
It does not do this and that is why it is a sham.
Moreover, that is why he has rejected all our amendments which make provision for and promote improvement in the quality of European tobacco.
This does not concern subsidies or excessive subsidies, but simply saying that a certain product originates from agriculture, that it is good for the environment, and that is why we should be required to use it in a major way.
Small producers in Latin America - of whom there are many, in Ecuador, too, for example - are the hardest hit, and that is why we must give more support to fair trade bananas and vote against the Thomas report on this point.
I must therefore emphasize that Parliament has worked extremely fast and that the Council has been responsible for the delays, having spent rather a long time on the common position; that is why this deadline has not been met.
That is why we want to base this regulation on Article 130W, so it can have a global vision, and that is why we would ask you to delay all these questions just until October.
It is superfluous and that is why it was not put to a vote.
As Mr Linkohr said earlier, that is why we cannot accept that text.
It is for this reason that I support the Committee on Agriculture's position and this is why I voted in favour of its tabled amendments.
We cannot, and this is why we will abstain.
In the common position, the Council took on board nearly all of our amendments, which is why we can say that we are partially satisfied.
And that is why, Mr Santer, it should be noted from the discussion on the agenda that the Commission is not only the engine of integration, but also very much a party in this affair.
This type of fishery is very important in the North Sea, which is why the report concentrates on this region.
The Commission will closely analyse the suggestions in Mr Kindermann's report, but in this regard and in response to Mr Teverson, I would also like to make three remarks: first of all, the Commission considers the problem of monitoring the absolute priority of industrial fishing, and this is why industrial fishing vessels are included in the first phase of satellite surveillance which, as you know ladies and gentlemen, will begin in July; secondly, the Commission has very closely monitored herring fishing in the North Sea, especially since this was the subject of a special report, which you ladies and gentlemen have surely seen, and which states something that perhaps will not please everyone, and that is that industrial fishing is more controlled, or at any rate the controls are more effective than for other types of fishing; thirdly, as far as the more longer term initiatives are concerned, the Commission is currently financing research to understand exactly what the situation of the ecosystem is - since all the parliamentarians referred to this problem - and is pushing for and, moreover, obtaining a very concise study on the impact of industrial fishing by the International Council for the Exploitation of the Sea.
The architects' directive has a number of peculiarities that set it apart from the other directives, which is why we also wish to keep this as a separate directive.
We firmly endorse the criteria listed in paragraph 10 of the report - which is why we think that this part of the report should not be amended by the House's vote - and we are especially asking that the European Commission and the Community institutions in general take a comprehensive approach to questions of fairness and solidarity in trade.
Mr de Vries mentioned Mrs Green by name, which is why I was able to give her the floor.
Today there are no unpopulated continents, which is why these people are trying to get to places which can be physically reached.
But so long as procedures for election to this House are a matter for national governments, we cannot guarantee a continuation of the principle of proportionality and that is why this report is so important.
The business activities of the Organizing Committee are covered by EU sports regulations, which is why the Commission, on the basis of many complaints, are investigating allegations of discrimination in its sales of tickets to the public, The average contribution made by the Commission in connection with these six-month projects was around ECU 5 200, which is the same amount paid out for other voluntary work in pilot projects.
We therefore thank the rapporteur for taking the time to recall the rights and duties of the newborn monetary institution - which is why we used the word baptism - commenting and analysing the rights and duties of the dying monetary institution, which does not, however, require a funeral.
That is our situation and that is why I ask Parliament to play its part so that we can extend these derogations, so that we at least have today's legal status.
I will come now to the conclusions. The scope of this closer cooperation is very narrow; it is in no way justifiable to bring back this national veto, and this is why we request that the Commission remove this veto, this blockade, from the Treaty by means of proposals which advocate amendment of the Treaty.
The forms are written in various languages, but they are the same colour and the questions are presented in the same way, which is why I consider the amendment superfluous and believe that it should be rejected.
This report, though not perfect, goes some way to achieving that and that is why I support it.
We therefore take the opposite approach to that of the present regulation, which is why we have already refused once in the past to endorse an Orlando report which we felt went too far on this point.
It is amazing just how hesitant the Commission is on the whole question, which is why we again have the wrong emphasis in the regulation.
We need to tackle this matter, which is why I welcome the fact that the Austrian President-in-Office of the Council will be coming to Brussels next week with his Minister for Justice, Mr Michalek, and his Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr Schlögl.
Therefore, that is why we should emphasize this.
It is precisely here that young people are a special and important factor, which is why I believe that we must promote projects such as the Ronsperg youth clubs in Westböhmen or the student exchange programme between Bavaria and the Czech Republic set up by the Prague journalist Milan Kubes as well as numerous other projects, because it is only though such concrete action that we can mutually prepare for enlargement.
I think that this is the crux of the matter: mutually preparing for enlargement, which is why I welcomed the fact that Mr Elchlepp stressed that we should make it possible for large numbers of people from the EU to go to the Czech Republic, so that we can learn their language and culture.
We are beginning to apply to fish what was generally applied solely to bait fish in the past because there is not enough, which is why we need to keep the focus on this matter.
We can also take that path, and that is why, as rapporteur on that regulation, I take a particular interest in the matter.
My second point - and this is why I am so pleased that Commissioner Bangemann is here today - concerns the report on the Echelon network and the study carried out by the STOA group in this field.
In this report, Parliament expresses its opinion on the amendments the Commission is proposing and which we approve in substance, with a series of amendments which I shall try to illustrate briefly. The context of this report is limited, which is why the Committee on Budgets decided to go right to the end of the road signposted by the Commission.
I have been much too generous, and that is why we are running late.
At first sight, you have not been open to this argument, which is why we find it so difficult to accept the situation, while objectively recognising that this is actually progress on the current situation.
She has gone to great lengths to achieve a broad agreement and this is why the Council's common position, which was adopted by the vast majority of countries - 14 of the 15 as I recall - contains in full or in part, either word for word or in terms of their intention, 18 out of the 24 amendments adopted by the House at first reading.
That would trigger a wave of immigration, which is why I am asking for an explanation as to what is meant here.
But it has taken not a single step towards meeting those obligations, and that is why both the Turkish Government itself and the European Union's bodies are in an exposed position.
Mr McCartin, Article 7 of the Single Act was never really accepted, which is why I must repeat that so long as Ireland and the United Kingdom have not submitted a request for the incorporation of some or all of the provisions, there can be no negotiations in this regard.
The Member States have been very selfish in this field, which is why we have not been able to reach agreement hitherto.
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy was right to agree to this, but of course we also need to ensure that we in the House can continue in our role as political watchdog over the executive arm, which is why the amendment proposing an annual report from the VAT Committee deserves support from all groups.
Certain categories in Annex H should be adapted in this way and this is why we are in favour of certain amendments along these lines.
As a substitute member of the Committee on Economic Affairs I followed the progress of this report at one remove, which is why I should now like to comment on its contents here in the plenary.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Third Multiannual Programme of the European Union is a cornerstone of our policy for SMEs and that is why Mr Rübig's report is terribly important.
However, my group feels that it is too soon to break away from mainstreaming by demanding a quota for women in the Structural Funds, and this is why we want to have a number of paragraphs removed from the text and a number of amendments adopted.
It is planned to introduce it there, but a three-quarters majority is required to do so, which is why it is not even being put to the vote.
It is also certainly not an effective instrument of criminal justice, either in Europe or anywhere else in the world, and this is why my group is very concerned at the recent developments in the Palestinian territories.
We need the help of local communities working together to give leverage to what is being done at top level and that is why this report gives so much emphasis to work at urban and local level.
To return to what Mr Bösch said, that is why we must realise that with the European Union in its present form we have built up an organisation in which huge economic powers are amassed, in which huge financial opportunities are being created, but all within a structure that is becoming ever less transparent.
This is what Mrs d'Ancona's report demands, and that is why I voted for it without any qualms.
This worries me, and this is why I want us to have this discussion today.
The situation is quite unacceptable, and that is why it is so important for us to strengthen the role of UCLAF and give it more powers and better tools to get to grips with fraud and corruption.
To control is to prevent, and that is why I stress that prevention is essential.
I sincerely believe, and that is why both I and the Commission insist, that a directive would be a very important contribution towards the efforts by Member States to achieve that target.
Malta is a much-needed protagonist in all of this; that is why we are strongly in favour of Malta's accession to the European Union.
We cannot force anyone to live under a criminal dictatorship, and this is why the regime in Belgrade will ultimately have to change, but for the moment nothing is actually happening.
Discussions in the Alliance involve 11 out of the 15 states, which is why I do not expect the positions of the EU and the transatlantic community to differ on this issue.
The Bösch report goes more or less in this direction, which is why we voted in favour of it.
(Applause) Now, I know that this is a much more difficult area, because here decisions are by unanimity, and that is why I state very clearly: this Community has always distinguished itself by not making any radical demands.
It is the concern and the responsibility of us all, and this is why, as we have so often said, we need European solutions and a European immigration policy.
I have observed that many Members from the Mediterranean region have spoken here and that is why the issue of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership is an essential part of this debate.
The Council is indeed responsible for external relations and that is why it can talk about a lack of press freedom in a third country.
But this programme does not contain anything else, and that is why, to stay within this ambit and to avoid encroaching upon the direct action to combat pollutants and pollution-related diseases, I personally will not support the last paragraph of Amendment No 5, nor Amendments Nos 9 and 16, which go beyond the scope of the present programme.
You need to examine the possible solutions and this is why I think the ETAP programme is so important.
Our first priority most certainly concerns reliability of supply, and that is why we must make better use of endogenous energy sources, while at the same time developing international cooperation.
I would also like to point out that part 5 restricts the flexibility of the CARNOT programme, and that is why we cannot accept it.
The report by our colleague Mr Campos responds to two of our Parliament's requirements, which is why I will support the author's opinion.
I must congratulate the Commission on its clear presentation, which is why we had to reject the request by the Committee on Budgets to delete the stated aims from the appendix.
Lastly, it does no harm to emphasise that statistics, which are a public asset, must be accessible to everyone, including small entrepreneurs or students, which is why the increasingly prevalent practice of requiring that they should be paid for not acceptable, since that effectively restricts them to selected sectors with the greatest purchasing power.
Now some very important producer regions - in France, Germany, Denmark, Holland and the United Kingdom - have seen prices collapse to an all-time low and that is why we should be very concerned.
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation, which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 %.
This is unfair competition, which is why we would urge the Commission to put these quality marks on the agenda in the WTO.
The consumer still finds it very difficult to identify many of the regional quality marks in the single market, which is why we should really all welcome the proposed supplementary European rules.
Every region has its own rural and cultural values and environmental problems, which is why regulations on integrated farming and its quality marks can only partly be harmonised at European level.
The decision was to continue on the basis of the 1998 budgets, and this is why today's proposals contain an amendment to increase the budgets to 1998 levels.
Freight transport in particular needs to move freely - which is why so much effort is going into the TENs project and expanding transport infrastructure on the other side of the old Iron Curtain.
An important point for me - and this is why I am addressing this topic - was that in the hearing that we had in the Committee on Transport and Tourism, we were able actually to talk about the issue of enlargement towards the east with the applicant countries, as the eastern Europeans were also present - the Rhine-Main-Danube canal being the keyword here - and discussed matters with us.
But in recent years it has emerged that chemicals can affect our health and our reproductive ability in an insidious manner, which is why we must question both the maximum values and the sectoral approach by which we have regulated chemicals in the EU.
The system is not working, and that is why the report from the Environment Committee draws attention to group classification.
Moving on to the Committees - the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions - it is worth stressing that the role of the latter is much enhanced under the Amsterdam Treaty, which is why we have seen fit to increase the appropriations for meetings, as emerged from the implementation of the 1998 budget.
That amendment was not approved by the Committee on Budgets, which is why we have tabled it again to be voted on in plenary.
The problem is that people do not know about it, which is why we need to develop a better information policy.
We also want to make sure that next year, when Parliament comes back after the European elections, that we can have a properly organised system for information technology, which is why we will be voting to clear all the credits out of reserve on information technology.
And that is why I should first like to thank the rapporteurs.
As Mr Wynn has already said, the number of Social Democrat governments has increased, which is why we have received more concerned telephone calls.
And that is why last night, in the Committee on Budgets, the common factor of the speeches of all the members of the Group of the European People's Party was raising the reserve.
However, there was not enough time to resolve them at Amsterdam, and that is why so many important issues are outstanding, such as an increase in qualified majority voting, the weighting of votes in the Council, or the number of Commissioners. So there is some unfinished business here.
You are unsure, and that is why you feel the need to interrupt.
In French, a touchy reaction means an unconsidered one, and this is why I think that this is a pejorative comment in relation to my government, which is democratically elected like the others.
Several speakers have also repeated this expression and this is why I am asking Mr Brittan to withdraw his remark.
It is the answer to the global challenge, and this is why we in Europe need to have calculable values for mobility and for the hauliers who will in future have to pay out a great deal of money to drive vehicles with purified exhaust gases, and will indeed wish to do so.
A number of Member States have shown that we could have been stricter, which is why it is no surprise that Parliament has once again tabled an amendment that states: 'Member States which have progressed further than the Community in substituting dangerous organic solvents must be permitted to impose more stringent restrictions'.
On the contrary: in my view an effective employment policy also means an effective social dialogue, it means realising that cooperation offers both parties more than conflict does, which is why it will also become necessary; it is our common intention to promote and strengthen this social dialogue in Europe.
Today we have the reverse situation, which is why, looking at the statistics, the picture is certainly quite different from that suggested by the financial situation alone.
Applications and services are becoming independent of the supporting infrastructure, which is why technology is clearly a motor for change.
We are quite convinced that our stand is the right one, which is why we have tabled eight amendments in keeping with the reasons why we voted against this report - apparently in a minority.
In certain circumstances, the compensation paid will probably be too limited to meet the need, which is why we should perhaps consider cofinancing these measures at differential rates.
Certification schemes are being developed all the time by Member States, and that is why we need an umbrella scheme at EU level to cover the individual systems.
The intention was to compensate for this, which is why Regulation 2080 gives farmers the opportunity to afforest land that has been taken out of production.
Nothing changes, the report is perfectly valid - that is why I did not ask the chairman of my group to vote against it - but once again we are talking a lot of hot air.
However, the Commission's view is that the main responsibility lies with the Member States, and that is why it is not planning any specific proposals on this.
They often look more closely and that is why they are in a better position than most to see things properly.
You will also be aware that President Santer returned from his visit to China only this morning which is why the Commission started its meeting one hour later than normal.
However, it is still better than the current practice, which is why we shall endorse it with a heavy heart, but it is not an improvement for the consumer.
On the contrary, it means that in future lawyers will be able to line their pockets nicely, which is why I think it is such a pity that we cannot manage finally to carry forward what we keep calling for, namely consumer protection and the preventive principle, together with the acceptance of responsibility on the part of the industry which is also constantly being called for.
Europe must be made into something that people can experience and understand, which is why I welcome the proposals in this excellent report for getting people involved in cultural activities.
My basic idea is that it is important to improve the free movement of goods and to ban the protectionist measures that still exist in certain Member States, and this is why I welcome this report.
This has led to problems, in that various countries have actually approved illegal measures, which is why we need this particular regulation now, because some countries have misunderstood the concept of the single market.
The risk with this was that fundamental rights such as the right or freedom to strike, freedom of assembly or the right to demonstrate might also have been banned, and that is why I particularly welcome the fact that it was made clear in consultations between the Council, Parliament and the Commission that basic rights such as the right or freedom to strike should not be affected.
We should remember that education and training are also the keys to Europe's competitiveness, which is why the specific objectives of our education policy are to improve the quality of education and to prepare young people for occupational and social integration.
However, Commissioner, whether the ECU 1 billion allocated for the years 2000 to 2004 will be enough is extremely doubtful in view of our enlargement plans, and this is why we are calling for a budget procedure in which the funding is fixed every year.
However, I am convinced that European culture must pay more attention to liberal education and that is why I have been politically active since I was 18, as the first time I came to Brussels and to Strasbourg was because I was in charge of a newspaper in my school and we had a European meeting on this issue. This liberal education is extremely necessary as a basis for technical training, for vocational training and to ensure that exchanges are successful.
But this matter can only be settled by the courts, which is why we call on the Commission for the third and last time to forward the entire file to the judicial authorities, so that they can at least examine the question of their competence and then, where appropriate, bring proceedings!
Some children's diseases do not occur among adults, which is why it is not possible to conduct the relevant studies in full on adults.
The good clinical practice guide has existed since 1990, but as we all know is not binding; that is why national provisions must be harmonised.
Consequently, incomes are down in a Europe in which costs are going up, and that is why the proportion of nouveaux pauvres has climbed above 15 %.
However, those countries which are weaker in economic terms have made progress since minimum standards were established, which is why I would repeat that the further development of minimum social standards must be seriously taken in hand.
Today, Commissioner, we are returning to it in a context that has three aspects: the United States' trade deficit, which we have all discussed; the negotiations in the World Trade Organisation, which are multilateral and that is why we cannot understand this bilateral move, unless we recall the unpleasant memories of Blair House and your colleague, Franz Andriessen, at the beginning of the 1990s; and finally, of course, the American tradition of the big stick policy, with its attacks on Iraq, imperialism in the audiovisual sector, and selfishness in Rio.
We must be very careful here, which is why I do not think it is a good idea specifically to bring this dossier under the second pillar, where we have little say at the moment.
We have to prepare for the consequences of structural change in agriculture with an effective, wide-ranging rural policy to create new and varied enterprise action and new jobs, and that is why a high level of education and training is vital when it comes to exploiting the use of the aid given to the applicant countries.
There are no absolute standards for these communication systems, which is why deaf people currently tend to use faxes, though this is not two-way communication.
The specific quality of the ERDF is the fact that it identifies with the central core of the cohesion policy, which, in the words of Article 130a of the Treaty, is aimed at reducing disparities between the levels of development of the various regions and the backwardness of the least favoured regions, which is why more than 50 % of funding for the cohesion policy between 1998 and 1999 has been made available through the ERDF.
Dear colleagues from the PPE, that is why it is a good thing that you agreed at the last minute.
This policy approach was introduced so successfully to Europe in 1994 by the Social Fund, that it quite naturally found its way into the Luxembourg Employment Guidelines, which is why I cannot for the life of me understand why you are against it now.
The objective is to help the regions that have economic problems, which is why we would approve the idea proposed by the Commission of concentrating assistance on the regions which lag behind in development, namely the Objective 1 regions. From a geographical point of view also, Objective 1 regions should receive assistance amounting to exactly two thirds of Structural Fund resources.
Not because we are concerned with playing, Mr Schiedermeier, which is why we do not need a playground, but because we want to work with you to make sure that we end up with a successful structural policy.
In this respect, in granting emergency aid the Union must also respect the Russian market as much as possible, which is why I call on the Council to approve the Commission proposal to make ECU 400 million available to the Russians.
In addition to food, there is clearly also a shortage of medicines almost everywhere, which is why I believe it is a good idea to grant this emergency aid.
In an earlier resolution, Parliament has already clearly confirmed the judgment of the International Court of Justice which stated this, and that is why we should also remain consistent in our decisions here.
I admit that the form of this document invited criticism, which is why I had it redrafted to make it easier to read.
I am well aware that the honourable Member has not been able to examine the substance of the proposal, which is why she has questions.
He has drawn some very necessary conclusions and given clear reasons for them, which is why his report and the motion for a resolution deserve our full support.
We quite understand that the assessment you have presented to us, Commissioner, has not been able to take account of the most recent developments in Slovakian politics and society, which is why the rapporteur's demand - which I am sure will have the support of the overwhelming majority in this House - is all the more important that we should agree to re-evaluate Slovakia's position in the spring of next year, in order to do justice to its new situation.
After a report like this it really has to put its cards on the table, and this is why I am very glad that we too have another chance to do so now.
Perhaps that is why Turkey so easily and so often threatens peace, threatens to take up arms even against members of the European Union itself.
The first is the lack of openness in our dealings with Turkey, which is why I hesitate about the wording of paragraphs 1 and 29 of Mr Swoboda's report holding out the prospect of membership once again, whereas all the facts and every practical consideration indicate that this is misleading.
These are the three reasons why I am calling for this text to be declared inadmissible and this is why I am questioning it now.
For the Members who are re-elected, there will be problems in terms of pensions and fiscal legislation, and that is why they should have the right to choose between the new system and the present system, but only for a five-year period.
It is the worst proposal except for all the others, and that is why I would ask you to approve it.
During this debate, I have heard officials being called into question and Mr Anastassopoulos, the Vice-President, with whom I have discussed this issue - which is why I am saying it in public - mentioned the possibility of bringing the system for reimbursing Members into line with that for officials, and said that this was detrimental to Parliament's dignity.
In terms of content, the text has one fundamental flaw, which is why the majority of members of our group are opposed to it. Members of the European Parliament must clearly continue to have a national statute, because it is their respective nations that they represent.
Madam President, it seems we have adopted a confused and untimely text but, given the point we have reached, a bad text is better than no text at all, which is why I voted for it.
I would just mention the introduction of the euro, the work on enlarging the EU to include the new applicant countries and the forthcoming elections to our own institution, and perhaps that is why this joker is being played here - there are some people who want to make a name for themselves in an election campaign at home, and this issue is being used for that purpose.
Mr President, I think the Socialist Group position is extremely clear and that is why it has been given very forthrightly this morning.
I think such a development is quite unacceptable, and that is why at present I believe that refusal to grant discharge would strengthen the hand of those who desire it - the majority of the Commission - so that they can set about internal restructuring.
This is all very well, but the fact remains that the environment receives only 0.2 % of the overall budget, which is why we are having to think about integrating the environment into other sectors.
A better environment begins with each of us, and this is why I have tabled an amendment to the resolution - also accepted by the Committee on Budgets - on the 'greening' of the institutions themselves.
Clearly, this is still too high, and that is why we are implementing this employment strategy which we must continue and consolidate.
Sufficient attention is still not being paid to the problem, however, and that is why the Commission has sent a further communication to the Council.
I have also come across this problem in Austrian ski resorts, where the same thing happens with ski passes, and that is why I believe it is important for us to consider the principles behind this issue of discrimination against certain countries.
It is not helped by a lack of transparency in decision-making, which is why my group supports Amendment No 1 in particular.
We want to cut down the number of special Councils, which is why we have now agreed joint proposals to that end.
But that is why the various governments that make up the Council were elected.
Mr President, I have two minutes' speaking time - we know a little more about human rights, which is why we cannot hold an exhaustive discussion here.
As the Commissioner knows and as we also know, that is why it is most important that we also make adequate budgetary funds available, so that we can help those who are fighting on the ground, so that we can publicise their needs and their distress, and so that we can give them political and moral support in their fight.
Unfortunately, however, the problem still exists and in an extreme for in most parts of the world, and that is why the two very important reports we are considering today remain topical.
It is precisely such priority which is given to all sorts of interests, and that is why, whilst we celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the historic international declaration and agreement, we close our eyes to the flagrant and continual violations of that declaration even in our own back yard.
Mr President, I thank the Minister. Her answer was very extensive and covered all the necessary points, and perhaps that is why it is difficult for me to put a second question.
Such a debate is, I feel, absent from the European Union, so that is why we are being particularly insistent in this case. Instead of asking you a question, since you have already answered several, including some that focus on what will happen 'after' the referendum, I am more concerned about what happens 'before'.
Even small amounts, such as 20 or 50 litres of CFCs, are enough to keep these old installations in operation for a number of years, and this is why illegal trade in CFCs takes place.
These two elements are the basis of every modern constitutional state, and that is why we have to say 'no' to this report, because it seeks to undermine these foundations and therefore does not merit the name 'human rights report'.
The basis in society must always be the priority element, which is why it is important for them to be accountable to that society.
The transitional arrangement is a means of fully coordinating the two existing sets of regulatory instruments, which is why I ask for your support for the report and the amendments, which were adopted unanimously by the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
I do not approve of that, which is why I welcome your call for transparency.
This report represents an effort to restrict the powers of discretion available to European administrators, and that is why we support it. We believe this is the way forward.
The political groups must grasp this new opportunity from the outset, which is why both the Committee on Institutional Affairs and I myself consider it right that in the long term we should adopt Jacques Delors's proposal that the major political movements should nominate their candidates for the office of President of the Commission during the European election campaign.
I believe the situation today is quite different, which is why I am extremely pleased that the President-in-Office has now for the first time announced the need for a constitutional process.
I believe it is most important to achieve a lasting, positive social effect even after the year of the Capital of Culture has ended, and that is why as many of the public as possible should be actively participating in the event, and be given the inspiration to do so.
We need to be open and frank with these countries, which is why we have these implementing regulations that we are discussing today.
This is a very special situation, which is why it is causing so many problems.
And yet that is precisely where this development will lead, which is why I am so delighted that Mr Sainjon has presented such a clear report.
The Commission acknowledges that this pollutant is directly toxic, especially for asthmatics and those with cardiovascular conditions, even in short peaks of excess pollution, and that is why such a tough limit was proposed in the first place.
The approach favoured in this case, contrary to previous reforms, means that it is moving towards market regulation through price control, which is why it is proposing to lower the intervention price by 30 % and abandon the public intervention system.
In any event, the House has approved your report by a large majority, and that is why I congratulated you.
This is a proposal that I endorse, which is why I have signed it.
The public sector alone cannot provide this financing, which is why private sector funds are being considered.
One of the fundamental elements of the Agreement is of course the gradual removal of border controls among the signatory states, and experience has shown that implementing the Schengen Agreement is a delicate and difficult matter. Indeed, this is why France was obliged to apply exemption mechanisms.
In short, they feel that there is an evident need for the European judicial area that is taking its first steps, and they understand that a shared European sovereignty is better than a declining national sovereignty that no longer has a grip on events. However, this is on condition that effective parliamentary control, which is the only means of democratically operating that shared sovereignty, can be exerted, which is why the Council must take into consideration Parliament's opinions and change its behaviour towards Parliament.
We do not wish to be associated with those of our colleagues who are against a strong Europe, which is why it was so hard for us to vote in favour of the motion.
Jacques Santer has promised to clean up his Commission, and that is why I rejected the motion of censure.
On the one hand we grant our citizens the enormous privilege of freedom of movement, which clearly enhances their quality of life. However, this cannot be allowed to mean a loss of security, and that is why the second part is so vital.
He has exactly the same personality profile and pursues exactly the same type of policy, which is why there will be no peace until he has been replaced, until a different government is at the helm.
For years, Morocco has vetoed the idea of a referendum, which is why the discussions on the Western Sahara have had a certain sameness over the years.
They have at least now agreed to consider applications for job transfer from individuals with appropriate qualifications, which is why we have to reject Amendment No 5 by Mr Dupuis, on behalf of the ARE Group which claims that Xerox is considering such requests.
The European Union must support these developments, and this is why I am in favour of a voluntary European code of conduct, which will make it easy for businesses to trade ethically and responsibly, and will ensure that responsibility stays where it belongs: with the firms themselves.
I see it as a great personal challenge to ensure that that does not happen, which is why Mr Fischler and I have today presented the communication, which states, amongst other things, that intensive agriculture conflicts with the EU's ambitions for the environment and that a further effort must be made if drinking water and biodiversity are to be safeguarded.
We believe it is possible, and that is why we have put forward these proposals and also why we maintain that the environmental legislation must be observed at the same time that we have sensible agriculture in Europe.
We also need to establish greater clarity in the CFSP and the function of the European defence identity which is why the initiative of the British Prime Minister and the San Malo Agreement are so important.
The safest world is a world in which disarmament is writ large, which is why we should not play one aspect off against the other.
The arms industry is not a question of markets and I believe that security policy is the decisive aspect, which is why it is important that we coordinate the arms industry, arms procurement, on a European basis in the interests of the Common Foreign and Security Policy.
I have read the Commission paper, Madam President, but I wanted to do things by the book, which is why I asked Mr Fischler once again to say that the Commission is not accepting everything.
I have not seen, nor have I heard talk of, such measures, and this is why I have expressed the fears that I have.
The June Movement defends this Nordic welfare model, and that is why we vote for the highest possible minimum prices but, at the same time, we want to remain free to tax energy which is imported at lower prices, so that French nuclear power does not replace action to switch to renewable energy, solar energy and wind power.
As rapporteur, I agree with the principles contained in these documents, and that is why I should like to advise Parliament also to be consistent and to support this new departure for transport policy in the debate on energy taxation, particularly since we have already done so in the House in the context of our debate on the Green Paper.
As far as the other four amendments are concerned, we believe that this is not the appropriate place for some of these rules, and that instead we can refer to provisions which either already exist or are to be adopted; that is why we do not think that we can accept these amendments.
I would urge you to adopt this approach, and that is why I am asking you to take another considered look at the amendments, and in particular those relating to Articles 5 and 6, in time for tomorrow;
On the other hand, it is also right - and that is why we have also voted in favour of various compromises - for the potable alcohol market to have a guaranteed supply of wine, for example for cognac, brandy and other products which are traditional regional specialities.
And that is why - without wishing to start a revolution - we shall again be raising the issue of quality rather more seriously and consistently.
I am not going to go into detail on these today but this is why, given the failure to fully resolve this problem, we have included the content of the employment guidelines in the broad economic policy guidelines. This will form the work for next June.
Mr President, that is why we should vote for this report.
It is quite obvious to me that we need clarification on the question of heavy metals, which is why we must now make it clear once and for all in what areas we want or do not want heavy metals.
The systems are already in place, but they need to be further developed, which is why we are calling on the Commission to support efforts to do this.
To do this we need to make it clearer exactly what an environment-friendly ship is, which is why we urge the Commission to support the attempts being made to produce a more detailed definition.
I think that a collective day of rest is essential if society is to operate successfully, which is why I am pleased that the retention of the ban on weekend driving prevents another group of workers from having to lose their hard-earned rest day on Sunday.
I also think that the ability to do this is fundamentally incompatible with the present system of the rotating presidency, which is why the question raised by Jean-Louis Bourlanges regarding the Council's powers is important, even if it is difficult to answer.
The legislation would also have an impact in the Netherlands, where biotechnology has become one of the country's leading sectors, and this is why the VVD delegation has departed from the ELDR Group's position by voting against a number of amendments, including those tabled by Mrs Dybkjaer and Mr Eisma.
It was clear ahead of the presidential elections that the way in which they were to be conducted fell short of OSCE standards, and that is why the OSCE did not send a full monitoring mission, nor did the EU participate.
That would be an intolerable state of affairs, which is why I say that the European Parliament should not take this lying down.
Perhaps that is why the Commission is beating about the bush in this way.
That is why we based the proposal on Article 100a, and that is why we cannot accept some of the amendments.
On this last occasion, the demonstrators were targeting the Council, not Parliament, which is why no meeting was requested.
It is a question of credibility, of honesty, which is why you, esteemed representative of the Council, must be as tough and rigorous as you can!
Every year our Member States spend more than EUR 180 billion on employment, which is why our committee believes that every proposed measure must always be examined as to its employment impact.
Unfortunately, this has not happened and that is why I am producing a report on lorry drivers' hours because the Commission was forced to resort to the legislative route.
The ELDR Group wishes to give the young people of Turkey a chance, which is why we will not be voting against the report, although it would be wrong to think that Turkey's current attitude is not supported by its young people.
Learning English is of little use to them; for instance in Saarland, where I come from, on the frontier between Luxembourg and France, French is useful, which is why the inhabitants should learn French, from nursery school on!
So we have these examples, which is why I believe that money invested in this programme is money very well spent and well invested.
The final point which I would draw to the House's attention - and this is why I say that further consideration is required - is a problem concerning the Treaty.
I believe it is the duty of this House to defend scientific freedom and the right of scientists to control their own intellectual property, which is why I ask the House to support the rapporteur's initiative as emphatically as it can.
From that point of view, however, we cannot entirely endorse the rapporteur's proposal for Article 21, which is why we have requested a split vote on that article.
We must realise that research and technology are an important weapon in achieving cohesion and competitiveness in the EU, and this is why we must give them greater importance in the future.
In the cohesion countries in particular, the public sector is still largely overrepresented, while business innovations do not receive their fair share of funding, which is why I believe it is very important to put greater emphasis on the latter, because it is absolutely crucial that the regions themselves should be able to devise their own innovation strategies, which would be the best way to ensure that due account is taken of specific regional circumstances.
We agree that the provisions on the labelling of ingredients for both beverage categories can enter into force simultaneously. We can also live with a three-year time limit for all of this, but anything else would be in contravention of the Treaty, which is why I hope that the House will agree with us.
It would normally be excluded from this article, which is why I would like to ask you to support Amendment No 14 and to reject Amendment No 9 by the rapporteur.
I am a complete technophobe and clearly this is why my group has chosen me to speak on this complex topic.
The Commission must take notice of this report, and that is why I have called for practical action to set up machinery to move towards a regionalised CFP according to a strict timetable.
It is particularly important to combat this among adolescents as more and more young women are beginning to smoke and consume alcohol at an earlier age, which is why preventive measures are important.
Often they do not do so, which is why a specific programme is needed to provide information for women and for health personnel dealing with women.
It is also clear that Parliament needs to prepare for this as it is a complex matter. We cannot wait until the Treaty of Amsterdam is in force to work on the implementation of the Rules of Procedure, and that is why I think Mr Fabre-Aubrespy's objection is unacceptable.
We want to make it more attractive, which is why we believe that the right criteria are epidemiological criteria, because they are objective and in particular because they can easily be applied at an early stage of product development.
This is something we find quite simply intolerable, which is why I voted against out of my innermost conviction.
It involves a systematic rather than an individual approach, which is why the rapporteur is calling on the Commission to develop an evaluation method to identify the impact of all Community policies and measures on gender equality.
That happens to be the way things go in international law, which is why I would advise the Commission, on behalf of the European People's Party, to do all it can to explore further in the discussions - which Sir Leon described as informal - with the US Administration where there are possibilities of resolving the conflict, rather than leaving it to the final WTO decision, if only because we will be facing an incredible number of points of conflict with the USA in the coming years.
The question of compulsory expenditure has nothing to do with the way decisions are legitimised, which is why I would ask for the motion to be rejected and the Haug report to be debated now.
Indeed, I think I can safely say that there is nothing but goodwill towards this development which is why, exceptionally, we have a provision which will allow for the operation of the convention on a provisional basis as soon as possible.
That is where negotiations sometimes throw up difficult points for one side or the other and that is why sometimes it is difficult to reach an agreement.
With this report we certainly are, which is why we should support it on Thursday.
What is being proposed in this project - in my view nothing short of a revolution in the world of transport in my country, which is why I ask both the European Parliament and the Commission to support it - will enable Portugal to overhaul its transport system and create a logical and complementary network that will link up the different means of transport and modernise every form of access to the Portuguese ports.
That is because interinstitutional consultations are playing an increasingly important part in the Community's decision-making process and that is why the Group of the European People's Party will be voting for this report without any hesitation or regret.
The Social Fund is the only instrument of labour market policy which we have at European level, and that is why it needs to be pressed into service for the employment strategy as soon as possible.
Regarding the Structural Funds, this House approved the financial package which the Commission initially introduced, which is why we are opposed to any attempts to further reduce it.
As the President-in-Office already mentioned, Mr Fischer and my colleague Commissioner van den Broek visited Belgrade and Pristina on Monday, which is why I am standing in for the Commissioner today. Their aim was to put pressure on the parties to sign the Rambouillet agreement and arrange an international military presence to guarantee its application.
While we welcome the American presence in the region, nevertheless this issue is essentially a European Union issue, which is why we need solidarity among all Member States of the European Union in dealing with it.
We have to achieve this, and that is why I really do ask that we put this to the vote today.
And that is why we have committed ourselves to reducing Europe's CO2 emissions as compared with 1990, as has already been highlighted at Kyoto and Buenos Aires under the Convention on Climate Change, the Framework Convention.
Policies that succeed in combating unemployment are never popular and that is why they are not pursued in Europe.
I think that I am responding to comments by Mrs Randzio-Plath here: this is why the Commission will monitor the situation and prevent a lax approach from developing, and this is something I can guarantee you.
Germany contributes more than it receives in return, as does France, which is why we talk in terms of 'net contributors'.
The acquittal of the crewmen concerned also leaves a number of questions unanswered, which is why we expect the investigation at least to continue.
What we most need to do now is to break down this hatred, because otherwise there can never be peace in the region, and that is why we must not rely entirely on political instruments but must concentrate above all on supporting the key players within society and make them the starting-point for a concerted reconciliation campaign.
In spite of everything, the Belarus people continue to yearn for democracy and personal freedom, which is why we are called upon to ensure that the agreement between the Council, the Commission and Parliament is upheld, and above all that it is implemented in such a way as to help that nation to satisfy its longing for democracy and does not subordinate this purpose to economic interests.
We need only look at the map to realise how vitally important it will be for all of us, especially our Baltic friends, which is why we must do everything we can to guide Belarus, one step at a time, back into the fold of the civilised and democratic nations.
Atmospheric nuclear weapons testing was the first of many reckless activities to spread radio-isotopes all over the planet, which is why the military scientists made sure that radiations standards were set at an unreasonably high level, so as to avoid consequent claims against the weapons states that they had compromised the health of the human race.
However, I recognise that this is not possible, which is why our Group supports the principle of having the same conditions of service for those non-EU seafarers.
That is why this report is important; that is why it is important that the European Union and the European Parliament send a message very clearly and very loudly to European ferry operators: we will not tolerate non-EU seafarers being employed on lower wages and conditions than our own people.
But the main thrust of the Wise Men's report has made praise impossible, which is why we must now express appreciation of the fact that you have accepted the political consequences of this Wise Men's report.
Mr President, that is why the institutions can only find a way out, a direction, a guideline, in political terms.
The parliamentary democracy that is now being introduced in Europe also requires Parliament to be legitimised by its electors, and this is why I do not agree that it should be the old Parliament that approves the new Commission.
The Development Committee regards the reduction of poverty as a priority, which is why a larger proportion of spending under Category 4 needs to be allocated to the poorest countries.
Some of the other comments were not necessary, and that is why we voted against quite a few paragraphs within this report.
We should really distinguish between the two, which is why we should vote today.
In short, I believe that Parliament should not just accept the way it is treated by the Commission, which is why I emphatically ask the Bureau to seek to ensure that in future questions to the Commission are answered in more precise and exact terms.
Integrated cultivation is not the same thing in each Member State, and that is why we need uniform directives on the integrated and controlled cultivation of fruit and vegetables to be transposed in the Member States.
We are convinced that you will realise these prospects and this is why we were so positive in welcoming your nomination by the Member States' Heads of Government.
A release from these responsibilities must not be arbitrary, however, and that is why objective criteria need to be laid down and provision made if necessary for the granting of official or judicial authorisation.
EU-wide cooperation is therefore crucial, and that is why we consider this programme so significant.
We know that it makes up only a part of the reforms needed to make the EU fit for enlargement, which is why I welcome your announcement today that you will determine the timetable for the necessary institutional reforms in Cologne in June.
We too must carry out our tasks, which is why we have always questioned the Commission.
No consensus is emerging on this issue in the Council, which is why I am very sorry indeed to have to tell you that I do not see the slightest chance of this matter being concluded during the German Presidency, at least not with a positive outcome.
But we are discussing them, and that is why we must now do whatever is necessary to ensure that this vision, which is edging closer to fulfilment, actually does become a reality in the foreseeable future, so that we can welcome the people of central Europe into the European Union and the European Parliament.
That is the heart of the matter, and that is why we must make sure that these accessions happen as soon as possible once the criteria have been fulfilled. We need to make that crystal clear in all our discussions.
There have been delays in passing important laws on certification and conformity assessment, which has created problems - which is why I mention it - in terms of access to the Polish market.
The Union's financial assistance provides just a very small part of the necessary resources, which is why a targeted, effective and strategic approach to the accession process is absolutely essential.
In order to achieve all of the aims that we have outlined, the office of the European Ombudsman must respond effectively to our citizens, which is why the report congratulates Mr Söderman on the commitment he has shown in trying to ensure that his secretariat functions properly.
This gives it a more global dimension, which is why I am asking you to vote in favour of this amendment.
The original text was in English, but the French translation is very clear, which is why I am referring to it here.
Still within the ambit of that legal base - which, as I keep saying, seems to us excessively rigid and strict - violence is above all, and we are resolute on this, a violation of human rights, and that is why action to deter violence must be based on a multi-disciplinary approach.
The truth is that Burma is getting very strong backing. In particular - and I am sorry Commissioner Brittan is not here - Burma is strongly supported by China, on both an economic and a military level, and that is why it is able to continue with the repression and prevent any democratic development.
There is a complete absence of any judicial apparatus in Cambodia, and this is why my group wants an international UN tribunal to investigate the genocide and punish those responsible. We want the European Union to help Cambodia to become a constitutional state.
I believe that the examination of the impact on this industry, occupying what might still be called a small niche in the market, is rather important, which is why we owe a debt of gratitude to Mr Garot for putting his finger on the wound straight away and calling on the Commission to take the lead and do something positive.
We naturally want more than verbal declarations of deepening commitment; we also want assistance on a massive scale, which is why it is gratifying that the Commissioner responsible for financial policy is sitting in our midst.
In fact, a whole series of worthwhile, practical initiatives were decided on in Luxembourg and that is why we do not, thankfully, need to start from scratch.
Either you cannot read, or you had a preconceived opinion and wanted this opinion to be confirmed, and that is why you do not like the scientific reports.
Now just tell me one thing, Sir Leon. You will not be in office for much longer, and that is why I do not actually need to hold too intensive a discussion with you.
That is why our working relations must be continuous, well balanced and strong; that is why, as I have often said, the composition of the Commission must be well balanced, not only politically but also between men and women.
I cannot emphasise this too strongly, and this is why we must give a long-term commitment to bring this region of the southern Balkans closer to our Europe of integration.
Parliament cannot amend an international treaty, and that is why we have the assent procedure.
It is, of course, a little difficult for the Council to thank the President of Parliament; for if it praises him too much, that is supposed to mean it has done something wrong, which is why I would like to say that you are the Council's partner, an uncomfortable partner, conciliating on real issues but quite unyielding when it comes to representing Parliament's rights.
We do not introduce fundamental points like Article N, naturally, but we say that changes need to be made at the preparatory stage, because the intergovernmental method has proved inadequate, which is why we need to prepare differently if the intergovernmental conference is to be a success.
That is why we need a European constitution and that is why we need a high level response, which should come from the Cologne summit.
I also had a strong personal commitment to the success of this agenda, which is why I appeal to you to approve the package before you. I believe that both sides, the Council and Parliament, have done as much as they could.
But we must do more than this, which is why it is right and necessary that over and above Agenda 2000 the Council has also declared itself willing to cover the additional resources needed for the Balkans by, if necessary, reviewing the financial perspective.
We do not want that, which is why we will not take part in the vote.
Overall, there are reasons why we have high expectations of the new Commission President and this is why we are voting in favour of his appointment.
I agree: they did exist, which is why we have begun to streamline this programme, although this has not produced satisfactory results to date.
According to my information, this legal case will in fact very soon be brought before the European Court of Justice, which is why this is all I can say by way of an answer.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioners, that is why, on 14 June, we want to come back and we will come back to change Europe.
The PPE has confidence in the social partners, is ready to let them take on the job, which is why we also want to accept this, we want to improve the procedure, but that is as far as it should go.
That is how we see our function here in Parliament, and that is why I would ask you to endorse my motion.
The events took place after the official deadline for tabling resolutions on urgent subjects, which is why I am informing you of it today.
There are those such as Shimon Peres or some of his colleagues in the Labour Party who really do follow a clear political line in that respect, and that is why we should now express the hope that the Israeli side will declare unequivocally that it desires peace and that it will now halt the various repressive measures which have been taking place with regrettable regularity since the seizure of power and since the appointment of Mr Netanyahu as Prime Minister will now stop.
We want no more than that, which is why we ask Turkey not to misunderstand these efforts that the European Parliament is making.
Nevertheless, we need a Community solution, which is why I call in my report for a draft directive or regulation to be put forward as soon as possible.
There are still quite a lot of Members here for a Friday, which is why I would seriously urge you to hold the vote.
My group believes that potato starch production is of enormous economic importance in certain areas of Europe, which is why it is absolutely vital that the balancing premium should be maintained.
We vigorously declare our support for a socially responsible Europe and that is why we will not tolerate people lightly putting the social cohesion of the Union at risk, preaching restraint in matters of pay and calling the social security systems into question.
And that is why we must not allow the myth to develop in Europe that this Commission is balanced.
As you will see, they are not particularly problematic, and this is why they have not been distributed in advance, although obviously, all amendments should otherwise be distributed beforehand.
This is by no means acceptable, and that is why we are pursuing our demand as I have just told Mr Staes.
This solution strikes us as completely unworkable, for in order to prepare for enlargement, we need institutions which are not more rigid but more flexible, and that is why we feel that this mandate for negotiation must be set right by the Helsinki Council.
It is evident, however, that we understand Europe and the world quite differently to the authors of the incoherent ramblings contained in the resolution. that is why I shall not be voting in favour.
That is the universal feeling in the Commission, which is why my colleague, Mr Van Miert, and his associates in the Commission specifically sought to do something effective about preventing for all time in the future and indeed for 1998 the use of discriminatory practices by CFO.
The care we take over a symbol of this kind here in Europe could, to a very large extent, determine whether or not we regain the trust of the citizens of Europe, which is why we must ensure that the Commission, and particularly Mr Kinnock, live up to the pledges undertaken during the hearings with regard to Mr Van Buitenen.
Mr President-designate, you have agreed to lead us out of that crisis, which is why you are here today to propose, and we are here to demand, institutional reform and the strengthening of European politics.
We are asking you - and this is why we are happy to put our confidence in a strong Commission - to do all you can, which means a lot, and maybe even more than you imagine doing at the moment.
We want to be a strong Parliament and that is why we also want a strong Commission.
The great majority of our fellow citizens would like to see increased fairness in fiscal matters, Mr Prodi, that is why we again ask for a strong personal commitment from you on these questions.
It is your duty, as defender of the common interests of Europe, and it is our duty as the people' s representatives, to give this action clarity, and this is why we are defending, as you know, the idea of a constitution, of working towards a European constitution.
Until then, Mr Liikanen is responsible, and that is why he now also takes the floor.
That is why we agreed on an ad hoc procedure; that is why we agreed on the letter of amendment in the autumn.
Our group defends the idea that the Union must offer added value to the quality of life of our fellow citizens and that is why I welcome Mr Prodi' s proposals on food safety, even if these proposals do not seem sufficient to me.
And that is why we support the idea of an international tribunal for calling the guilty to account, and why we will take action to protect the refugees.
We feel that no nation is expendable, and this is why we are speaking out now.
Furthermore, that is why you are refusing to pay for the reconstruction of what you destroyed in the rest of Yugoslavia.
So, notwithstanding all that, is it or is it not criminal on the part of Turkey to insist on building a station in that area? This is an issue of general importance not only for Turkey where there have been rallies taking place against the plant, but also for the whole of Greece, which is why we need direct intervention to stop this plan from going ahead.
Now Russia needs from us very concrete proposals on co-operation, and that is why I regard the aspect of the Northern Dimension as so important, and I hope the Commission will act.
None of us can succumb to such pessimism and that is why strong concern and demands for action have been voiced in this democratic House.
These grounds must therefore be changed, and that is why I would ask you to put the issue on the agenda for the Conference of Presidents.
The situation in Belgium is evidence of this and that is why we must take action.
What is more, the budget is very low, which is why our group warmly welcomes the rapporteur' s proposal to increase the SAVE programme' s budget by EUR 4.4 million to EUR 68.4 million.
But when it comes to saving energy, these countries stand to achieve so much more than EU countries by employing the same efforts, which is why the returns would be so much greater.
And the Union' s potential is not boundless, either, which is why it is easy to agree with the words of Mr Poettering: yes to a reformed Turkey in the future, but that time is not now.
This would be, in our opinion, just as much a violation of the spirit of the Treaty and that is why we are pleased to see that these amendments have been rejected.
We must support these forces in Turkey and that is why we want real cooperation.
Finally, it will have a very negative effect. The resolution will intensify and deepen the intransigence of the Turkish regime, which is why I believe we should have voted on another resolution - the one recommended by the GUE Group.
Mr President, that would only require a day' s work, which is why I believe it is appropriate to call upon you to consider this one point: all these courting hedgehogs will soon be gathering in Seattle; how does the European Commission intend to keep them communicating?
Environmental taxation is important, and that is why it has been discussed here.
When someone buys a television, the question of how much energy it uses on stand-by is not generally of prime importance. They have other criteria in mind, and this is why we also need technical solutions to this problem.
I would like to ask the Council, and the Commission, how it feels, in general terms, that this campaign is developing; if it is true that this has been a good year for tuna and that this is why disputes between the different fleets that work the Bay of Biscay have been avoided.
Civil-military relations are not very democratic, which is why pressure must also be brought to bear on the Indonesian Government to take independent action.
There are, of course, limits to our realism and that is why we want to take the opportunity today to register our protest about the situation in Belarus. We also want to make an urgent appeal to its government to do something about those who have disappeared and to ensure that they reappear so that that in itself may lead to really getting a dialogue going which will move towards free and fair elections, hopefully next year.
If it was the case, it demonstrates the truth of Nietzche' s dictum that madness is rare in individuals but common in parties, groups and organisations, which is why we need individual, independent monitoring of what goes on in nuclear plants.
No, this is in fact how it is going to be in the future, and that is why the revision clause is important.
Perhaps that is why the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities is the last in the series of Committees to be heard this morning.
Nobody else is ready to pay for it and that is why they are there.
But my first resolution had to do with the original subject and that is why the PPE has replaced this resolution with the Menrad resolution, which has therefore become the official PPE resolution.
The European Socialists are demanding such measures and this is why they have drawn up, among other things, a number of proposals.
And that is why, in this situation, we must have a serious word with our friends in the American Senate.
It was precisely that which each and every one of the Women' s Committee intended, and that is why we can withdraw Amendment No 10.
So that is why we do not apply the precautionary principle to the hormone issue on the importation of beef from the United States.
But I believe that politically we must look at its positive side and consider the major concern of the peoples of Europe- after all, MEPs do represent the peoples of Europe and speak on their behalf - which is why the interesting yet burning issue of employment and unemployment is at the heart of macroeconomic dialogue.
Mr President, this is an interesting report and the proposals will no doubt be widely approved by the vote in Parliament, but going beyond the Commission proposals which simply, in my view, go over the Luxembourg process again, there is one question which arises and that is why attention is not focussed on the Monti Report even though it clearly demonstrates that it is the lack of social convergence or fiscal convergence which is costing jobs in all the countries of the Union.
The first is that it is clear that successful implementation of the European employment strategy requires a stable macroeconomic framework which is why there is close and continuous cooperation in the whole of the process of macroeconomic dialogue.
Nothing is inescapable, and this is why an imaginative approach must be adopted, and the heart to find specific solutions to specific problems must be found.
In future, we would like to know - and this is why we intend to monitor implementation more closely than before - what becomes of our priorities?
Whatever your views on this source of power and electricity, it is a fact that it supplies a significant part of our electricity in Europe and it does so in a way which does not produce CO2 or other greenhouse gas emissions and that is why - and the only reason - it has been mentioned in this report.
Mr President, environmental considerations are very important in the field of energy and that is why I would like to thank Mr Chichester warmly for his report, which addresses the right questions in substance.
Mr President, Mrs Haug' s report on the European Union' s system of own resources seems rather contradictory to us, and that is why we are opposed to it.
This shows in fact that there is a contradiction, which is why I drew your attention to it. Given this contradiction, I feel that what you read out, which is "gross national product" must be right and not what was written in the original version which is "gross domestic product" , which is quite different.
This declaration takes into account both the interests of developing countries, and that is moreover why they, including China, adopted it, as well as the interests of workers, and that is why trade unions also accepted it.
And this is why we are against sectorial negotiations and are in favour of all-encompassing negotiations. This is why we are in favour of seeing the WTO and its respective negotiations as an instrument for the creation of a fairer society, of a more sustained development, in which mankind is actually the focus of all decision making.
Basically, we have to undertake, on a worldwide scale, the course of action that enabled us to succeed in Europe when we moved from the Customs Union to the Single Area, and that is why Europe has the most to bring to the negotiations and has the right to expect the most from it.
At the Seattle round, the scope and power of the WTO will grow significantly, and that is why the EU should ensure that the effects of the liberalisation of trade and the action of the WTO are continually appraised from the point of view of ecology and fairness.
Each new majority decision in the EU is an erosion of parliamentary democracy, and that is why, yesterday, we set up an intergroup for parliamentary democracy.
We believe that this report achieves that, and that is why we will be happy to give it our support.
Again, my group would agree with that, but we want to make certain of this, which is why safeguards are necessary to ensure that there are no abuses by the authorities either.
That is why he is calling for real justice, and that is why we support him today.
Today there no longer seems to be any point in going back over past problems and that is why, this morning, I shall ask you some specific questions about the future which are not just concerned with Korea.
At the moment we live in a globalised economy, which means that rationalisation is needed and that is why a series of restructurings has been undertaken.
As a matter of fact it is impossible to avoid it, but we are talking about an extremely sensitive political issue and that is why it is important that the Commission and the Council know that there is a broad consensus in Parliament on this matter and great concern to find a solution to the problem.
And that is why I think that we in the European Union must be prepared to remember this industry in Seattle, because there is no reason why this industry should remain outside the GATT rules.
Talking about European defence and including European defence in the Treaties makes no sense if we put no flesh on the bones, which is why it is important to put flesh on the bones, to create the capacities, but without standing in opposition to our American partners and our allies in the USA.
This is not the case for all countries in Europe at this time and that is why I welcome the efforts of the Finnish Government to pursue the adoption of a strategy on the Western Balkans at the forthcoming Helsinki Summit.
We do not want to hit the forces fighting for true democracy, we want to send a message of solidarity to prisoners and push for real democratisation of the regime, which is why we urge you to vote against these two reports or, at least, to refer them back to the committee until such time as Turkey shows tangible evidence of democratisation and respect for international law.
We could carry on like this for years and nothing would change, which is why the attempt being made now is reasonable, bodes well and is under our control at all times.
That is why we have tabled this directive and that is why this directive needs to be a suitable instrument which really can be used for monitoring purposes.
With regard to the Fraga Estévez report, this concerns a fundamental issue and a pillar of the common fisheries policy, namely the common organisation of the markets. As this clearly covers all fishing activity, this is why this magnificent report has taken some time in its progress through this House and its final adoption in our committee on the twenty-second of last month.
thirdly, greater transparency and more legitimacy in the decisions, which is why we support the proposal for a Parliamentary body which would monitor the democratic nature of proceedings;
As for Mrs Eriksson, who asked me why we do not audit the European Investment Fund, we asked the Council when it was established whether we should do so and the reply was "no" and that is why.
That is its greatness, its power and its strength, and that is why everyone believes in it to the extent that we can speak of thousands of good results.
In this way, young people, above all, those least well-off and most disadvantaged will be able to consider Socrates as a chance for integration, for cultural enrichment and professional training, but above all, as a chance to have personal experiences and life experiences, in order to gain the flexibility and open-mindedness necessary to address, in the best way, employment challenges in the world of work: this is why SOCRATES is an important investment for the young people of Europe.
Commissioner, that is why I am making this request.
But it is the opinion of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism that the people of Ireland must not be the ones to suffer on account of this and that is why we are in favour of this matter being treated with urgency.
That is why we intervened in Kosovo where an odious regime was in the process of driving out a whole people; and that is why we were delighted when Indonesia' s atrocities in East Timor were eventually brought to an end.
Europe must not just be the Europe of oil multinationals; it must also become the Europe of human rights, which is why we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are calling for a conference on the Caucasus in collaboration with the OSCE so that a contribution to peace in this region can finally be made.
Mr Marinos, just a brief observation. We all have to adapt to this new and, I think, encouraging method of working with the Commission, - the free debate - but as you know, according to the Rules of Procedure, this free debate is connected directly and in this particular circumstance - and that is why it was created - to the declaration that the Commission has just made and to the issues addressed in it.
We have made it clear that only consumers are important in our Europe, which is why we have strengthened the Food Safety Agency, in order to make a gesture at this point, and we have entered relevant appropriations to make up for social weaknesses in the budget, so that progress can be made in combating unemployment.
In fact, by wanting to do too much, Europe does nothing properly, which is why the French members of the EDD Group will be voting against this budget, which does not meet the expectations of the citizens of Europe.
We are talking here, perhaps in inverted commas, about a few million, while several billions are being lost through fraud, which is why I see the creation of OLAF as being of prime importance.
Small enterprises make a very special contribution here, which is why the START programmes and support programmes are particularly important, because they show that we sympathise with small enterprises.
However, the quality of a body or an institution stands or falls with the people who bear the responsibility in it, which is why it is particularly important that candidates with the right specialist skills who are strong and independent of character be elected as members of the Court of Auditors.
SMEs form the backbone of the economy in a modern economic system, which is why I have tabled the idea in a proposed amendment that we gear investments to the capacity of the partner country in question, rather than capping them at 25% of the total volume.
We already have more environmental refugees than war refugees, which is why this is also of paramount importance here in Europe.
The same thing happened four years ago, which is why I protested in committee.
We were not able to discuss it or to debate it either in committee or in plenary, which is why I am drawing it to your attention now.
Mr von Wogau, you are a great stickler for procedure, even more so than I. I am perhaps on occasions somewhat more relaxed, which is why I think it is important that we keep to this agenda.
My question referred to this political issue and that is why I asked it.
Those problems have actually got worse, which is why we currently have a directive and a proposal before us this evening.
Yes, bureaucracy views elderly citizens who want their pensions as numbers - I would remind you that I am the representative of the Pensioners' Party and I have seen this many times - which is why I hope that the photographs of these citizens will be put onto documents and that our citizens will be labelled and considered to be at least equal to livestock.
I can assure you that, without book price fixing, we could not have survived, which is why, Commissioner, your statements can only be felt as a disappointment and your presentation has made it clear that the question of cross-border book price fixing threatens to turn into an endless saga.
The French regulation which, in addition to the national price fixing system, also includes regulations on imports, exports and re-imports, offers a way forward which is compatible with the EU and which has proven its worth in practice, which is why, Commissioner, the European Parliament is waiting, across the group divide as you will no doubt have seen, for the go-ahead for a similar legal or contractual regulation for Germany and Austria, in order to bring this endless saga to a happy ending at last.
This is precisely our debate, which is why I appeal to you to define clearly the relevant market in this context as a language and cultural area, to clarify import clauses together with the possibility for national regulation and to apply the French law to your judgement and considerations.
I warn the Commission that its justified concerns about market laws allows it to forget, so to speak, that our citizens expect more of Europe, that they expect a cultural Europe, which is why I am strongly in favour of negotiating a compromise here, of giving the Austrian and German book trade time to implement the solution which is in the offing.
Merely stating that the situation is horrific does not help, which is why we are starting by offering concrete help with reintegration with the disarmament, demobilisation and reintegration programme.
The amendments simply seek to prevent the Fund from doing something which it could not do anyway; the purpose of the proposed Regulation is to permit the continuation of the financial contribution of the EU to the Fund; it does not in any way seek to amend the substance of the existing Regulation EC 2614/97, which is why the urgency procedure was agreed in the first place.
Parliament then proposed, on the basis of Mr Kittelmann' s report, to defer aid to Tajikistan and that is why, two years later, now that the situation has returned to normal, we are being asked today to reopen the matter.
In my view, this region represents the Balkans of the future, a Balkans in microcosm, and that is why it is in our vital interest, particularly as a number of nuclear powers are established there, to stabilise this region and prevent ethnic conflicts taking place there from having an impact on the entire world.
