I nevertheless think that this is essentially a subject that should be included on the IGC agenda.
They merely touch on the - nevertheless important - issue of the possibility of assessing the progress made in relation to verifiable objectives which are completely consonant with the strategies followed in Community policies, and they do not pay enough attention to the implications of enlargement, so much so that they do not contain specific provisions or clarifications as regards either regional and national authorities, or candidate countries.
The Romanian flag is not a flag of convenience but, nevertheless, that country has an extremely high number of incidences at inspections; more than the countries with flags of convenience.
It is nevertheless the case that not a penny more than what was allocated before the storm will now be freed up to demonstrate practical, active solidarity.
In saying all of this, I would like to make it clear that Europe nevertheless has one of the best food industries in the world and also one of the safest food control systems.
First of all, the importance of a public service in general is not at all emphasised. Secondly, all kinds of proposals are nevertheless being mooted, and we have to ask ourselves whether these are terribly appropriate and whether they would lead to improvement.
All of this must nevertheless be done whilst respecting a broad framework - that of the overall acceptability of any solutions we may devise to achieve these three aims.
In other words, we should not establish conditionality, or we believe that it is more effective not to establish conditionality from the start, but, nevertheless, we should establish it with regard to the possible liberalisation of the second stage.
However, despite the fact that the volume is relatively small, it is nevertheless symbolically important that there is a common desire throughout the Community as a whole to support this type of action, which contributes to our genuine compliance with the Kyoto commitments. This action also contributes to achieving greater diversification in terms of our energy sources, greater safety in our energy supplies and, in the case of SAVE, to reducing consumption and increasing efficiency in the use of energy, thereby contributing to achieving the objectives set.
In the grand scheme of the directive, it is perhaps a minor point, but nevertheless a disputed one.
As for the remaining vehicles, we could nevertheless provide for some means of sharing costs, as is proposed in Amendments Nos 44 and 45 by Mr Lange, the only ones that seem compatible with the balancing of the common position and with the trials underway in some countries, and we should therefore support them.
Let us consider the scenario whereby the Commission, not believing itself to be equal to the task, wishes, or proposes to shed, for example, its powers to implement common policies, which it is nevertheless accorded by the Treaty.
It is nevertheless extremely important to ban the remaining four, both in the interests of human health and for the sake of the animals themselves.
Granted, as you say, that excise duties lie within the prerogative of Member States, nevertheless the use of that prerogative in a way which is unfairly discriminatory against producers in one part of the Community versus others might still conflict with the single market principle.
Even though, as the Commission says, the texts of the treaties do not contain special provisions to regulate all the respective issues raised by technological development, it can nevertheless be said that within the legislative framework created, performing or interpreting artists enjoy broader protection than that accorded by the Treaty of Rome or even by the Community directives.
It is that a currency that does not even exist yet, that is not in circulation, but exists only as bank deposit money, can nevertheless be counterfeited already. Yet because that currency is not yet in circulation as such, counterfeiting euros does not at present constitute a criminal offence.
The spirit of the proposal is nevertheless to equip those responsible for applying the law - primarily the judiciary, but also the citizens concerned - with a valid operational instrument to fight crime, which respects fundamental guarantees as regards defence and general principles of human rights.
Indeed, they must set in place the institutional conditions needed to launch a tangible and efficient cooperation process in the field of law - a process that must nevertheless cover all the stages needed to prevent the untimely impositions that are detrimental to legitimate national prescriptions in the field of justice, over which Member States have sovereign powers, and above all to prevent impositions that result in riding roughshod over basic civil rights.
We should have requested and rejected the first version of the convention, and then requested another: the majority on the committee did not want this and it is for this reason that we will vote against it, even if we hope that the amendments, which nevertheless improve the text, can be incorporated by the Council - we doubt that they will be, but hope all the same that they are.
These are nevertheless minor flaws, which the rapporteur did not want and which - I hope - will be remedied when this Chamber comes to vote.
It could be maintained that in overall terms the legislation proposed is better than nothing, but to the Commission it nevertheless appeared insufficient and far from reassuring.
The importance of the tourist industry and its impact on employment - although everyone is now aware of this - is nevertheless based more on personal experience rather than on verifiable statistical data.
We indeed take huge encouragement from the very positive and constructive response offered in the consultation over the last month and I believe therefore that although there may be a slight delay in the compilation and application of reforms, these reforms will nevertheless be strengthened by the extent of understanding and commitment that will be produced by the consultation which we will undertake assiduously.
Indeed, it is good to note that the forecast of 3% growth for the year 2000, which could have seemed rather bold when the Commission announced it in November 1999, now has a serious chance of being achieved, even in the context of continued inflation, since the peak of 2% for the euro zone in January, nevertheless remains quite minor compared with the past.
The Commission feels, for this reason too, that it should not present a modified proposal for amendments to the regulation, but I would nevertheless like to convey to you the Commission' s opinions on the amendments under discussion.
I cannot help thinking however that although these values have gone sky high and we may expect the bubble to burst, nevertheless the underlying structural change in our economies is here to stay.
Mr President, the Commission and Parliament will nevertheless have need of the Council in order to secure the requisite resources to create this European research area.
While I have every sympathy with the need to rebuild Kosovo, and while I understand fully that the CAP accounts for almost half of the entire expenditure of the EU, I nevertheless object to the agricultural budget being regarded as a well from which water can be drawn each time another department develops a thirst.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights is nevertheless not intended to act as a substitute for the constitutional guarantees that we all enjoy in our own countries.
It is easy to demonstrate this: on the one hand, we allocate almost half of our resources to agriculture, but we nevertheless continue to fund an intensive form of farming designed to achieve high levels of productivity, whatever the cost, ignoring the support available for organic farming and extensive farming.
Although we do not want to be less generous or less open to others than the rest of the groups, nevertheless we do not believe that the identified rights are truly appropriate. This has caused us to vote against certain rights which, although we consider them to be completely legitimate and worthy of support, are not appropriate in a report on the state of human rights in the European Union.
Mr President, although the debate is not yet finished, I would nevertheless like to take the opportunity to thank my colleagues for their comments and support and also for the fruitful cooperation we have experienced in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy while working on this report.
Accordingly, although I would have liked to go further with restrictions on incineration and co-incineration processes, I am nevertheless delighted with what has been achieved, given that this directive:
I will, nevertheless, vote for Mr Haarder' s report because of its quality and its underlying philosophy.
He has already emphasised, and rightly so, that although migration and asylum are closely related issues, they are nevertheless substantially different and require different responses from the European Union, although it should be borne in mind and recognised that in both cases there are advantages in applying a cross-pillar and global approach.
The action plans that Tampere accepted and stated should continue, in spite of their inability to cope with the complexity of the problem, could nevertheless be improved until the European Union can equip itself with an asylum and immigration policy of its own.
I just wanted to explain that my group will nevertheless be voting against this amendment, because I think that discussion of embryo research has no place here.
And although it may be true that we have to encourage web-site administrators and service providers to define their standards of conduct and to regulate themselves, and encourage Internet users to inform the authorities whenever they discover child pornography, it is nevertheless true that Union and national law bear some responsibility.
There is one aspect of this matter that has not come up very often in the responses to this report, but which I would, nevertheless, like to raise in the debate, namely the rehabilitation of the victims.
Although the rapporteur belongs to my Group and I greatly value her commitment, I can nevertheless refute one thing for those delegates who have voiced objections and raised questions, namely the assertion that all the motions for amendment emanate from the European Central Bank.
While it is important to put things right and to give people confidence, nevertheless it does not help their confidence if we exaggerate the extent to which abuses occur and money is lost.
I do not agree with all of it, of course, but nevertheless it was agreed by a majority.
We should see this Commission as a college and while the individual commissioners must be held accountable, nevertheless we must take an objective view of what is going on and beware of either European party politics or international politics colouring our judgement.
There is nevertheless one aspect that deserves a particular mention in the area of policies for full employment.
The Council should also be aware of the fact that there are countries in Europe that are not highly developed, but which are nevertheless prepared for the knowledge economy.
My only regret is that attendance is low, but it is nevertheless of an extremely high calibre.
Tomorrow we may take a softer line, but nevertheless we want to see action in this area.
Those fears have recently been heightened by the discovery of GMO-contaminated cotton-seed imported from the USA into Greece for cotton production, which for the moment at least has no approval at all for commercial planting within the EU but nevertheless has found its way across our borders and into use in at least one Member State.
We have a duty to build this great common house in which each individual nevertheless feels at home. A house in which everyone lives together, in a spirit of solidarity, but in which each individual retains his or her identity" .
It is the job of the Council Presidency and the Commission, whilst at the same time defending moral values and condemning this war, to endeavour to ensure that we support those forces which are all too poorly represented in Russia, but who nevertheless wish to pursue a European path, a path towards a European partnership, a partnership with the European Union.
Fourthly, despite everything, we still have a very fundamental question, a question that we have repeatedly raised in vain and I must therefore repeat it again here; why has the Commission nevertheless opted to apply the new policy immediately also to those sectors where the competition policy, as it was hitherto organised, operated perfectly well?
I do, however, consider that it is not right to criticise those who use an instrument which was adopted by democratic vote, such as the Rules of Procedure, for purposes which all may not support, but which are nevertheless permitted by the rules which we have established for ourselves.
I have just read the piteous appeal that Taoufik' s young brother has made to the Tunisian journalist to urge him nevertheless to end his hunger strike.
I think that this does, nevertheless, merit one and a half minute' s explanation.
Without denying the need to improve the management of this budget line, I nevertheless feel that improvements to the system can, and must, be made gradually, and I therefore urge you to support the European Parliament' s Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and its rapporteur by adopting this report.
To a large extent, the report confirms the analysis which was expressed in the Commission' s communication on the European air transport sector in the light of the global challenges, since, thanks to the liberalisation of this sector, we have been able to establish a much more competitive market than the one that existed previously. The importance of this is clearly illustrated by the increase in the number of airlines or the increase, much less spectacular perhaps, but significant nevertheless, in the number of routes where there are more than two competitors.
In doing so it would nevertheless allow the institutions to engage in a more thorough dialogue in this area and hopefully allow us to find a more permanent solution by 2001.
I want to emphasise that considerable freedom of action at local level is required, but we must, of course, be able nevertheless to check that the resources are being used correctly.
Flax and hemp are crops with a very rich tradition in Europe, whose popularity has nevertheless declined over the years and whose versatility is only now being rediscovered.
Nevertheless, although I will vote for the motion, I have to say that I am very perplexed by the response I have received from the Commission to my question on an issue which is not completely related to the question of accidents which take place abroad but which nevertheless concerns the insurance sector, a sector in which, as far as I am concerned, in Italy, truly unimaginable events occur, which leads me to suspect that Parliament' s inspection system is, indeed, defunct.
Even without knowledge of whether any of the other animals have become infected, this action is nevertheless justifiable, precisely in order for the above objectives to be met.
This objective has now been met in the Committee report - in a slightly different, but nevertheless satisfactory manner.
An arrangement such as the EEA agreement may be regarded as a solution of the past, but I would nevertheless like to ask, whether the Commission could, even in principle, consider a possible solution along the lines of the EEA agreement - not as it stands but of that nature - to be used as some sort of ' hatchery' or incubator for the new Member States prior to actual membership, instead of the applicant countries having to wait for long periods of time before permanent membership becomes a reality. I would further like to ask, whether the Commission shares the view that this kind of arrangement, along the lines of the EEA agreement, could considerably reduce the costs of enlargement and promote the economic development of the applicant countries.
I am not a spokesperson for this debate but I would nevertheless like to congratulate Mrs Plooij-Van Gorsel at this stage on this important report.
I do not mean that we have to allocate to pensioners, the elderly and their problems the same proportion of our budget as they occupy of society, i.e. approximately 32% at the last count. I am not saying that 32% of our budget should be allocated to activities related to the elderly, but I would, nevertheless, be very happy with at least 3%, or even 0.3%.
In any event, we must nevertheless enhance the status of Fridays.
Perhaps we notice it most in the northern hemisphere, but it nevertheless affects every living thing right across the globe.
I note that we share the Commission' s concern about the fact that an agreement between the ACP countries and the European Union, which is so positive for other reasons, nevertheless has an impact in those outermost regions which have similar production and are geographically close to the ACP countries.
Having seen that the Commission is concerned about this and having received a very satisfactory response, does the Commission nevertheless intend to implement any measure to lessen the impact of this presumably negative effect before the final date indicated?
This solution may be satisfactory insofar as it places financing outside the framework programmes for research, a point stressed by the European Parliament, but it nevertheless falls short of what is required.
It is a country which is, and has been, in the forefront of the association agreements and the agro-Mediterranean policy, and which has signed all the international conventions on human rights but where, nevertheless, time and time again problems arise relating to human rights which are exaggerated by sections of the European media.
However, as other Members have said during this debate and as I had the opportunity to say also to Mr Patten during the budgetary debate, it is difficult for me to understand why the Commission has no difficulty in managing the EUR 800 million which it proposes in the preliminary draft 2001 budget for the Balkans but that, nevertheless, it has difficulties managing EUR 250 million which have been set aside in the plan for reconstruction in Central America, which are not envisaged for one year, but for four years.
Therefore - and I am addressing this comment to the Commission in particular - we need all our imagination, flexibility and creativity to development instruments which will nevertheless enable us to support the opposition in this situation.
Welcome as this is, we should nevertheless not lose sight of the fact that this will involve changeover problems.
The conflict nevertheless continues and we still have considerable concerns.
I am aware of the reasons for this, but I should nevertheless like to use our Parliament as a platform.
It is only by being united and, at the same time, retaining our own identities that we will be able to survive and, in this context, we must not be a fortress but we must, nevertheless, combine our forces and our efforts.
The European Union nevertheless considered it important that elections should be held and that the results should be credible and acceptable.
Although our observers noted that the degree of violence, irregularities and intimidation in the period leading up to the elections meant that the words 'free and honest' could not be applied to the fifth legislative elections in the history of Zimbabwe, they nevertheless emphasised the efficient organisation of the voting itself, the large turnout - I believe it was the largest since independence was achieved - and the peaceful atmosphere in which it took place.
What should one make out of such a schizophrenic picture, where, on one hand politically-motivated violence and intimidation cost more than 30 people their lives, with many more being threatened, persecuted, injured, raped and tortured, and, on the other, where the voters turned out nevertheless in record numbers, giving the opposition party almost half of the votes?
Therefore, the Committee on Budgets is nevertheless lending its support for funds to be freed up so that the Danube Commission can begin its work as soon as possible.
The directive, which applied to various financial sectors, including banks, insurance companies, and so forth, is to be extended to other non-financial activities and professions which are nevertheless extremely vulnerable to money laundering.
The Community Eco-management and Audit Scheme is not exactly the most popular of the environmental issues but, nevertheless, it is a fantastic instrument for making progress in the field of integrating economic activities and the preservation of the environment.
This is why we support the amendments that have been tabled, and we trust that we shall nevertheless be able to avoid a conciliation procedure.
In this respect, both the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman play a key role, on different levels and with different purposes, but they are both nevertheless essential to the improvement of the operation of the institutions.
Everyone who travels a mile up in the air - and we are there quite often - can nevertheless see that there are borders everywhere.
The issue of hooligans cannot be termed urgent because this phenomenon has been around for years. I believe that, nevertheless, Parliament should look into this, but not as a matter of urgency.
. (PT) Although this report deals with certain real situations, such as the increase in air traffic or the delays experienced on various routes, and although it is based on certain correct premises, specifically the need to guarantee and strengthen air transport safety, it nevertheless glosses over the underlying causes of these situations, which are inextricably linked with successive actions to liberalise air transport and with the unbridled competition that has resulted from this.
Mr President, although we consider the prospect of developing short sea shipping in Europe, as well as inland waterway transport, as something positive, Armonia Bordes, Chantal Cauquil and I have chosen, nevertheless, to abstain from voting on this proposal.
I believe, nevertheless, that this proposal is by and large very sensible, especially when we think of enlargement with Central and Eastern European countries.
The difficulties in setting it up, the impatience and even the disappointments it has caused our southern partners should nevertheless encourage us to look more deeply into the state of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership as a whole.
It is extremely difficult in those countries to change the agricultural system and, nevertheless, they have to share their products with other countries of North Africa, of the mare nostrum, which belongs to everyone at the same time.
I feel that, although this is a very specific issue, it nevertheless deserves our utmost consideration and is of great concern to us.
These acts are not covered by the media in the same way as shipwrecks, but they nevertheless make up most of the pollution of our seas.
I shall not go back over the arrangements relating to the debate, but I nevertheless believe that the Commission needs to re-examine this report.
Although I am not entirely satisfied with the outcome of the conciliation procedure, I nevertheless accept this compromise which, I am bound to say, is to the credit of the European Parliament and to its skill and maturity in dealing with the legislative process of the European Union.
If the risks attending the free trade strategy are acknowledged, but it is pursued nevertheless, then the social, environmental and cultural components of the programme will only ever have repair and damage limitation status, when they ought to be the guiding principle for such agreements.
Respect for intellectual property is nevertheless a source of vitality in the audiovisual and cinematographic sector and the proposal for a directive on copyright and associated rights in the information society must therefore be speedily adopted, both to protect created works and to ensure that they are accessible and can circulate freely.
Community action in the field of biotechnological research is nevertheless increasingly based on the most rigorous fundamental ethical principles, out of respect for national sensibilities.
We are nevertheless grateful to him for having made the effort to take part in this debate and, without further ado, I shall give him the floor.
The Commission nevertheless insists that the projects should begin on the strength of nothing more than a provisional written notification.
Mr President, the commitment that has been obtained on the text of the new Water Framework Directive is generally positive, even though it contains certain controversial aspects, worthy of criticism, which can nevertheless be ironed out when the various studies, action plans and draft regulations provided for in the text we have just approved are drafted.
The final text does state that Member States can attend to the social and economic effects on the affected area as well as the geographic and climatic conditions. This will enable Member States to deal with their different situations by means of established exceptions, which may nevertheless prove to be insufficient to cope with agricultural situations in the South, particularly where Portugal is concerned.
We shall nevertheless pay close attention to the way this policy is implemented in practice in the years to come.
I am by no means acting as spokesman here for the tyre industry, but, having watched that industry very closely, I nevertheless wish to express my concern about the effect the amendments will have.
It must also be pointed out, however, that the solution should nevertheless be implemented via the preparation and issuing of more precise, and more stringent guidelines on prevention by the Commission, making it possible, among other things, to overcome the problem of the fragmentation of responsibilities in this area and, at the same time, to provide, along with more binding controls, for a system of incentives, particularly where small- and medium-sized businesses are concerned, to ensure that occupational safety rules are implemented efficiently and effectively.
I would ask, nevertheless, that we please stick to what has already been discussed and to the list of votes.
The third point concerns a type of working relationship which the rapporteur does not mention even in the explanatory statement, but which nevertheless, in Italy at least, is likely to become as common, if not more common than undeclared work. I refer to that type of relationship which appears on the surface to be completely legal and have impeccable recruitment procedures, but which, in reality, is characterised by abusive terms and conditions and protection and penalty clauses which are the product of what are termed 'pirate' work contracts concluded by colluding trade union associations.
Everyone has certainly tried in all manner of ways to highlight the importance of this question; nevertheless, I think his proposal is this time the most valuable and the most appropriate one in this situation.
Lastly, with regard to the very topical problem of our relations with Korea and, in particular, in relation to the shipyards and subsidies for ship building, I would like to remind you that this is an issue which is outside the framework of the ASEM but which, nevertheless, is not a forgotten question in our relations with Korea.
The Commission can also support these amendments and it is true that, nevertheless, we believe that this debate may raise some difficulties.
We support the aim of the amendments but, nevertheless, we cannot support their wording.
Nevertheless, it does seem reasonable that buses of 15 metres, which are already authorised and which do not conform to the above-mentioned requirements, that is to say, the three axles and manoeuvrability, nevertheless should benefit from a transitional period and that that transitional period should be longer than the one initially laid down.
I can nevertheless assure you that we will continue in our efforts on the basis of the timetable set and I feel that the required results have been achieved.
I nevertheless believe - and this is my personal feeling - that substantial progress will take a little longer.
The Committee on Constitutional Affairs, represented by its chairman, Giorgio Napolitano, has nevertheless voiced concern over the future of this draft Charter and the possibility of incorporating it into the Treaties at the Nice European Council.
It nevertheless seems to me that Denmark has just given us a lesson in democracy.
The European Parliament would nevertheless like to say that accession to the European Union is conditional upon the Copenhagen criteria being satisfied in full.
This is all well and good, but Parliament must nevertheless identify its new role in this process.
Zero risk is, of course, impossible, but an early warning system must nevertheless be put in place.
I voted against the Brok report on the enlargement of the European Union, because whilst it may be very clear-sighted in technical terms, it is nevertheless prompted by mistaken political ideas about the future of Europe.
It regrets nevertheless that its amendment on the issue of the settlers has not been adopted by the House.
I would like to point out that, despite the commitment from the Commission, there is no express mention in the programme of technical assistance costs which are nevertheless envisaged in the financial statement.
This issue is certainly not developed particularly extensively, but it is nevertheless brought to light in the criteria.
It should nevertheless be noted that regional and minority languages and cultures are eligible for support under a number of other programmed actions.
Although Scotland and Greece sit at the furthest edges of the European Union, we nevertheless share a common topography.
It is clear that we will only be able to take a decision on these issues after negotiations have come to a close; nevertheless, discussions based on detailed proposals must continue in order to prepare for the final decision at Nice.
I nevertheless feel that we cannot stop there and that we must take things further after Nice.
We should nevertheless first ask ourselves what exactly our citizens want for the Europe of tomorrow.
In fact, I wish it went even further and explicitly discussed a constitution and not merely a framework treaty, a type of treaty, a single treaty or a treaty of treaties, which nevertheless incorporates the Declaration of Fundamental Rights.
I would nevertheless emphasise, in particular, that, six months ago, one of the political priorities was stressed in this Chamber.
With the unanimous support of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, your rapporteur nevertheless insists upon certain amendments which, for example offer a novel solution to the much-debated subject of the scope of the regulation.
If when it comes to the vote I - and I expect a substantial majority - argue in favour of this Agency, I would nevertheless advise the Commissioner not to be deceived.
Firstly, as I have already mentioned, I think it would be a mistake, well-intentioned but nevertheless counter-productive, to make accession to the Ottawa Convention a hard and fast condition for European mine-action assistance.
I can report first hand to the House that while, as several honourable gentlemen have pointed out, some problems exist, Hong Kong nevertheless remains a free society, undoubtedly one of the freest societies in Asia as both the Commission and Parliament's annual reports make clear.
Our friend and colleague, Mr Jové Peres, has produced an excellent report, which deals with a subject that is both extremely serious and extremely symbolic. It is serious not only because of the numbers involved - almost two million families, or 500 000 jobs are, as we have already heard, affected - but also because, behind the failure of the 1996 reform, there are nevertheless women, men and rural regions which, Mr Fischler, the European Commission has deliberately condemned.
The amount of money is not insignificant - EUR 600 million - but, nevertheless, there were around 600 projects involved which spread the money quite thin and made it quite difficult for the limited staff and resources that the Commission had at the time to monitor carefully exactly what was going on.
I must nevertheless emphasise that no instances of fraud or misappropriation have been detected.
I would nevertheless stress that the three files that I have just mentioned represent 92% of the total amount.
The Commission must nevertheless bear in mind that no work on gender equality will have a lasting effect unless women' s rights are improved, specifically in everyday practices in all spheres of activity.
Today, Member States, while retaining their own responsibilities through the direct application of the subsidiarity principle, nevertheless have problems in common which justify a debate at European level.
This report, which we consider to be important given the nature of the issue it deals with, is, nevertheless, too repetitive and contains certain elements which we do not like, but we recognise that it deals with a real problem which must be resolved and our group will therefore support it.
In this field there has been nothing but shameful failures but nevertheless we are still faced with a brick wall which excludes women.
I nevertheless think that we should emphasise that this is a question of standing matters on their heads.
I submit to what Parliament wants to do, but it is, nevertheless, a matter of an agreement between the Group of the European People's Party and European Democrats and the Group of the Party of European Socialists, concerning both my report and the central issues it contains.
We must be harsh in our criticism, but we must not ignore what is nevertheless being done.
It is nevertheless true that the enormous dynamic of the Single Market and the increasing commercialisation of sporting activities have caused a number of legal conflicts in this field.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, it appears that all the speeches, including the last one, although from the most extreme positions opposite to my own nevertheless come to the same conclusion, and that is that, just a few days away from the Nice Summit, we are not on the finishing straight but, rather than resolving our problems by this antiquated intergovernmental conference method - which, as has been stressed, must be changed - rather than approaching good solutions, we have complicated matters and proposed solutions which are frankly unacceptable.
France may have been especially hit by various maritime disasters, in particular by the recent wrecks of the Erika and the Ievoli Sun off the coast of Brittany, nevertheless what is at stake is the responsibility of the entire European Union, which managed to draw the necessary conclusions.
The Hatzidakis report, whilst banning single-hull oil tankers on the same dates as the American bans, nevertheless introduces a whole raft of exemptions which do not go in the desired direction, notably with the proposal to extend the deadlines for the phasing-out of single-hull vessels.
They are nevertheless inadequate in view of the magnitude of the problems that are posed.
While I may agree with the broad thrust of this resolution, "to make the European Union more democratic, more effective and closer to its citizens" , I am nevertheless unable to take on board a certain number of proposals which seem to me to be rather vague.
During this second reading, we have had two main concerns: firstly, political reconciliation of the aim of protecting health with the nevertheless valid point of view of production and employment.
There is recognition that non-commercial clinical trials, which industry either cannot or will not support, are nevertheless important and that rules need to be drawn up for them.
This fact, whose economic and political consequences will be immeasurable in the medium and long term, nevertheless has certain negative implications for the citizens who make this move.
Unfortunately, the Committee did not go along with my proposal in this specific case, but, as rapporteur, I should nevertheless like to make this opinion known.
The matter-of-fact approach of the rapporteur, Mrs Haug, has nevertheless shown its strength.
This is quite reasonable, but nevertheless, they do not bother about their image where international public opinion is concerned. A few do, but many do not make any effort.
This has been described as a baby that is delivered at full term, but which is nevertheless a puny little thing.
Even though the emissions from this source only represent a fairly small proportion of the total emissions of greenhouse gases, they are nevertheless increasing very fast.
Whilst there is recognition in this report that a kerosene tax cannot be imposed internationally due to the exemption in the Chicago Convention, nevertheless the introduction of such a tax, intra-EU or bilaterally, would be severely damaging to the United Kingdom and the entire European aviation industry.
I would nevertheless commend the report and of course the Commission's proposal to the House.
Although it is likely that they will consider the number 23 428 far too low, they will nevertheless be pleased with the room for growth provided to them.
How will the postal sector emerge from this period in which contradictions and controversies have been used to prop up the arguments, which are nevertheless often technical, that have been put together in the context of opening it up to competition?
Mr President, Mr Langen' s report deals with numerous issues but, nevertheless, here the speakers are naturally focusing on the issue of whether or not to have an extension of subsidies and on the unfair competition on the part of Korea.
Although their interim report was still not very detailed, it nevertheless gives us to understand that the working party is pondering a procedure in which only the broadest policy issues would be solved through a full-scale codecision procedure, while for other amendments to directives of a more technical nature the fast-track procedure would apply.
If they are not guilty of covering up crimes and protecting criminals, they are, nevertheless, the object of suspicion, as the countries' names are not mentioned.
Without wishing to repeat what has already been stated, I would nevertheless like to highlight some issues, on which we would also like to hear the Commission' s thoughts.
We must be aware that this area still has the potential to be a major trouble spot, but there is nevertheless a real political opportunity now to achieve a lasting peace settlement.
After all, Article 6 (4) of Directive 92/43/EC states: "If, in spite of a negative assessment of the implications for the site and in the absence of alternative solutions, a plan or project must nevertheless be carried out for imperative reasons of overriding public interest, including those of a social or economic nature, the Member State shall take all compensatory measures necessary to ensure that the overall coherence of Natura 2000 is protected.
But I am nevertheless slightly worried, and I will now address my words to the Commission, about the timetable for drafting the subjects for debate, for example, for the Gothenburg Summit.
Without in any way underrating the significance of mad cow disease I am nevertheless asking for a sense of proportion.
If it is nevertheless carried, my group will reject Mrs Petersen's entire resolution, because it is hypocritical to call for Community legislation when there is no need whatsoever for it.
That is why I want to add very quickly, by way of conclusion, that there is nevertheless something important which must be clarified in today' s debate about decision making, which does not cover the whole problem regarding sexual equality, and that is the difference between political and economic matters.
Returning from Finland, where I witnessed precisely this kind of intensive cultivation, which it is absolutely crucial to the paper industry to promote, I nevertheless think, Mr Seppänen, that the wealth of Europe resides specifically in its diversity.
Though understanding the difficulty of tackling terrorism in Algeria, the Commission nevertheless remains concerned at the human rights violations and, in particular, the disappearances.
It is now ten years since the Basque parliament approved the right to self-determination but, nevertheless, the Spanish Government has deliberately ignored this free democratic decision adopted in the Basque Country.
Let us hope that it will, nevertheless, serve its purpose.
I do, nevertheless, harbour some doubts as to the prospect of being able to adopt measures for punishing Member States that do not comply with their obligations.
So we have good reason to be surprised today at this furore, at this outbreak of panic in some countries which long believed that they would escape this scourge but which have nevertheless had time to observe the measures being taken in neighbouring countries.
This was, of course, her duty, but it is nevertheless gratifying that the European Parliament has recognised this in its plenary sitting by voting overwhelmingly in favour of the report.
Internal reform, while clearly not a political objective in itself, is nevertheless one of the Commission's ongoing tasks for 2001.
We have, nevertheless, been the target of criticism, which we must accept and address.
The Commission nevertheless rejects Amendment No 26, which would delay application to present models by a whole year.
From the eighth floor it was full to capacity, nobody could breathe, but nevertheless it stopped at every floor.
However, since the question is nevertheless such an important part of the Swedish Presidency, I cannot refrain from nonetheless giving the viewpoints of the Swedish Presidency concerning the components that the strategy for sustainable development should include.
The lack of an EU legislative framework is, nevertheless, a potential risk and could lead to serious problems in isolated cases.
While approving the EU/Mexico agreement, we should nevertheless honour the fact that Mexico is changing.
But on closer inspection it is nevertheless correct.
They deserve to have transparent decisions to work on, but nevertheless they have demonstrated in the context of extremely difficult circumstances sometimes that they are willing positively to engage.
I nevertheless feel that the following observations need to be made about this proposal:
But gradually you can nevertheless see that a modest step forward is being taken.
This Parliament acknowledges that these are 'mixed' because of the subject matter - in which, that is to say, jurisdiction falls both to the Member States and the Community. Parliament nevertheless feels that the division of the negotiating process into two separate phases is discriminatory and should be corrected.
Secondly, because although I can understand the context and rationale for withdrawing the shipbuilding intervention fund, I am nevertheless convinced that we need to have structural measures, particularly in the areas of research, construction of oil and drilling vessels, chemical carriers and cruise liners.
Mr President, while I may not see any other option at the moment either, I would nevertheless like to protest against the fact that Question Time increasingly seems to be regarded as fair game, so to speak, when it comes to scheduling. In other words, every time there is a bottleneck, Question Time is cut short.
If the request for information is denied on the grounds that it is incomplete the applicant must nevertheless be told when the information will be available and which authority is responsible.
The second issue is the fact that we have limited the scope for exceptions. Whilst it may be acceptable, in order to protect legitimate interests, for there to be arrangements exempting certain information from the disclosure requirements, it is nevertheless fundamentally important for these exceptions to be rigorously defined and strictly interpreted so as not to undermine the general principle of access so that the directive can indeed fulfil its objective.
I ask this question knowing full well that the answer is not easy, but it is nevertheless vital for the democratic future of Europe.
Between these two stages, though, what will revive hope within Europe is nevertheless the adventure of the convention, which is no longer that adventurous.
Although I voted in favour of amendments which would considerably improve the Council common position, I nevertheless declared my opposition to all the measures which, it was judged, could not be implemented at present.
This is why I called attention to the fact that a number of Member States have made comments regarding this issue, but there is nevertheless no common position on the part of the Union.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly I would like to congratulate Mr von Wogau, on behalf of the Liberal Group and on my own behalf, and offer our support for his report on an issue which, although it is very important - the broad economic policy guidelines - is nevertheless a substitute for what we would like to see.
We must not rest on our laurels, because this healthy economic situation nevertheless masks certain deficiencies, certain problems caused by external factors, a certain lack of ambition in considering budgets and, above all, there are certain risks caused, in particular, by the development of economies such as the US economy.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this sitting is almost a prayer-session for democratic life, and, even though the echo and the consequences of our protests may be limited, they will nevertheless give hope to someone deprived of his or her liberty and will be a thorn in the side of tyrants such as the current president of Turkmenistan, who forced his Parliament to vote him in unanimously as President for life.
It is nevertheless justified, as problems start to appear at the stage when responsibility for the product has moved away from industry itself towards society.
And these farms would nevertheless be given income aid through the channel of animal feed.
They have nevertheless had six outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease.
Now, if I understand the Commissioner' s answer correctly, it is nevertheless necessary to introduce passport requirements for journeys from one Nordic country to another, which means, in other words, that the Nordic Passport Union no longer exists.
It is very mountainous terrain as the honourable Member probably knows but nevertheless I am sure that KFOR need to continue to do more.
Although we might not realise it, we are not nevertheless mistaken in stating that the number of people suffering some form of disability in the European Union stands at around 10% of the population, which currently means some 37 million people, and that disability is not a homogenous category.
However, the most important aspect of the Stockholm Summit was balance; in other words, the fact that the deregulation which nevertheless was achieved was balanced by a policy for employment, social security and justice.
Although every air passenger can take out private insurance, it is nevertheless only reasonable that a certain basic level of compensation should be guaranteed to all in the event of an accident.
Mr President, I would like to start by thanking the chairman and members of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs and the rapporteur, Mrs Keßler, for their support for the Commission proposals as well as for the information they have given on the strategy to reorganise the programmes, which was nevertheless clear from the explanatory statement of the proposals the Commission itself presented.
What I now find fault with is that absolutely no remarks were made about my person. Perhaps I may then, nevertheless, make a personal remark.
No one has said that we - and I in particular - have now been occupied with this work for years, that we are very happy that Commissioner Fischler has now made this proposal and that - even if we do not adopt all the proposals - we are nevertheless embarking upon this use of land set aside and upon the environmental revaluation of crop rotation.
Even setting aside this event, reports from China are, nevertheless, pouring in thick and fast.
Mr President, Commissioner, although it was distressing to hear in The Hague of the failure of the signatories to the agreement on global warming to implement the Kyoto Protocol, we must nevertheless welcome the healthy political reactions condemning the shameful provocation by President Bush who, by trying to blow the commitments of the fight against greenhouse gas emissions out of the water, is simply rewarding the American oil lobby which financed his electoral campaign.
The consequences of the accident on EU territory were comparatively minor but nevertheless important efforts continue to be made for monitoring levels of radioactivity in the environment and in foodstuffs: controls on the import of foodstuffs were even recently strengthened.
The Community is not party to the Arctic monitoring and assessment programme, but is nevertheless closely involved in the work related to environmental radioactivity in the Arctic.
This is indeed true at this stage, nevertheless the Commission considers that measures relating strictly to animal disease with no impact on public health could be necessary in the future, and a double legal base with Article 37 is therefore necessary.
This shows that the codecision procedure with equal involvement of Parliament, despite its cumbersome nature, is nevertheless the best way of reaching decisions in this Union.
However, by continuing the debate on the recommendation, I think that we are nevertheless progressing along the lines proposed at the Lisbon and Nice Summits, which recommended that education and training policies should play a major role in European economic growth and social renewal, and which therefore made mobility one of the key elements of those policies.
Rightly, but we can nevertheless learn a great deal from it.
The EU Troika, headed by the Swedish Minister for the Environment Mr Larsson, travelled to Washington in April to continue nevertheless to attempt to maintain the dialogue with the US on the global problem of climate change.
I would also like to say that if the United States wishes to become the world' s last open-air museum of old technology - and I stress the word 'old' - as it is refusing to start developing climate-friendly solutions, something we cannot do anything about, the European Union must, despite that, become the world' s leading region in this regard, and we can nevertheless invite the United States to join us in implementing this climate policy, which is one that also makes for good business.
Whilst the Sturdy report shares the Commission' s reasoning, it nevertheless puts forward some interesting ideas, for example on the slaughter of calves and increasing aid.
Those of us who have studied the matter closely are certainly able to welcome the real progress that is nevertheless being made by Turkey to reform its prison system.
Even though it is still based on the old law - we are being heard - it is nevertheless a prerequisite for the Swedish Presidency to be able to decide.
This is not a financial interest, since the position is unsalaried - exceptionally so, I may say - but nevertheless, this is in any event probably a case of conflict of political interests.
Freedom of the press certainly played a part in the event, which, nevertheless, is primarily a stage in the struggle for power.
Although this is an alternative to unemployment and may help reconcile work and family life, it nevertheless creates a new form of discrimination, which is not sufficiently described by the statistics.
I would request that Mr Poettering consider that my colleague Mr Wuori' s report not be removed from the agenda and that a short discussion be held nevertheless on the Irish referendum in addition to the discussion we are going to have on the Gothenburg Summit.
We accept democracy nevertheless, because it is the only way.
But nevertheless, he states it is a necessity if the countries want to be able to compete.
Mr President, we are dealing with one of the few, but nevertheless serious, problems resulting from the removal of our internal borders.
It is a welcome communication nevertheless, since it allows us to open a debate on that important issue.
I suspect that would not come up with such a result but, nevertheless, can I ask you whether you will look into the possibility of commissioning a study or encouraging the Commission itself to study the Tobin-type taxes, so as to see whether they are feasible and under what conditions they could work?
No one is able to explain to me why the Commission, which has 18 000 posts, is nevertheless not in a position usefully to deploy 600 officials who are obviously no longer productive.
The Council's caution on the matter is quite understandable, but we nevertheless feel that instructing the Commission to assess, subsequently and with no time restriction, the consequences of excluding the self-employed today, would serve merely to postpone the realisation that it is necessary to include them.
If, despite the precautions taken, an accident should nevertheless occur, it is important to provide swift and adequate compensation for the damage.
The report has nevertheless convinced me that there has been a remarkable development in marker vaccine.
I will conclude by saying that we support the many suggestions made in the report, but we nevertheless condemn the fact that both their proposal and their implementation are long overdue.
Mr Maaten asked a question which amused me: "What if, in the last few days ministers do change their minds and do nevertheless start frontloading bank notes?"
It is true that the Commission' s estimates in some cases give higher or lower figures than those given in the stability pact, but leaving aside the figures given in the stability pacts, which are, nevertheless crucial to understanding developments in public finances, we can already state that our estimates for a growth of 2.8% today represent an excessively optimistic position.
On the strength of what you have said, this seems somewhat unlikely to me, but I would nevertheless like to ask you if this is a concern and whether the Commission is dealing with this issue in the accession countries.
The solution, according to the communication itself, is the harmonisation of rules on pensions; nevertheless, this committee desists from this audacious route and prefers to use the current rules, which - in my judgment - will be insufficient.
I nevertheless request that you vote for the compromises reached with the Council.
The presidency nevertheless believes that, on this last point, progress must be made on every component of that package.
The Laeken Declaration must be an initial outline of a Union which, although enlarged, can nevertheless work efficiently and with which citizens can identify.
I believe we can all agree on the following consideration: the free movement of people, goods and capital which we enjoy in the European Union has also given rise to the free movement of criminals within our borders but, nevertheless, since there is no free movement of police or judicial decisions, we are running the risk of creating an area of impunity within Europe.
Rarely, in my opinion, has a presidency taken office in such a difficult situation, where there are nevertheless so many opportunities on offer.
In this specific case there are two things which, in my view, have not happened and which are nevertheless contained in Resolution 1244: firstly to disarm the KLA in Kosovo and secondly to disband the KLA in Kosovo.
But it goes no further than these words which, though forceful, are nevertheless only words.
Coasts are not conurbation areas, but nevertheless around one third of the EU population live in coastal regions today.
Two points which should be obvious to all of us, as democrats concerned about issues such as global social equity, but nevertheless important to make.
A debate on a resolution on the Peruvian earthquake is not perhaps the most appropriate framework to discuss the political situation in Peru, but I would nevertheless like to stress that we are extremely satisfied with the capacity shown by Peru and its transitional government to carry out transparent and clean elections after the political disasters described very effectively by the honourable Member in his maiden speech.
Mr President, I would like to begin by congratulating the two rapporteurs on the work they have done, which, while certainly not reaching the zenith or the high point which the studious amongst us may have wished for, nevertheless represents important progress in the development of what in the future will be a genuine European company with all the characteristics appropriate to that concept.
Lastly, and to sum up, Madam President, I would nevertheless like to say to those who have criticised the concept of impartiality, as they may rightfully do so, of course, that by maintaining a position of equal distance between both parties does not mean we believe that their circumstances are identical.
Although enlargement on a purely legal plane is feasible without ratification of the Treaty by all the Member States, it must nevertheless be underlined that non-ratification of the Treaty would send an entirely wrong political signal to the candidate countries at a time when a segment of public opinion in those countries is starting to question the merits of this process, which is perceived as a restriction on their newly regained sovereignty.
It is quite possible that countries which have concluded fewer chapters than others are nevertheless further on in their preparations.
. (PT) As we all know, this proposal for a directive has been under discussion since 1970 and, despite the very basic agreement concluded at the Nice European Council, with the creation of a regulation on the statute and a proposal on the involvement of workers, the first step was nevertheless taken to make the European Company a legal entity.
I am nevertheless convinced that my fellow Members will agree with me in my interpretation, analysis, and support for this report.
Of course, I thank the Commissioner for his very full answer, from which we can nevertheless extract some new elements in this thriller, if I may call it that.
Such action nevertheless, does comply with Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 on public access to the documents of the Community institutions.
I hope that you will nevertheless understand that I, as President of the Council, must limit my reaction to those aspects which are related to the Council or the Union' s institutions in general.
It is a party which, while calling for an independent personality, sovereignty and a right to self-determination for the Basque people, nevertheless firmly rejects and condemns the use of violence and terror as instruments to achieve any political objective and, even more, condemns the unacceptable State terrorism, which we Basques have also suffered, perpetrated by the apparatus of the Spanish State.
Very little time has passed since then, practically seven years, since Maastricht entered into force, and nevertheless, what progress has been made!
We are nevertheless asking Romania to prepare herself...for entry into NATO.
This indifference dashes our hopes, although we continue, nevertheless, to call upon the Slovenian government to acknowledge without delay that the concept of democracy also includes acknowledging the damages and suffering that they have inflicted on many Italian-speaking citizens in the past and providing appropriate compensation.
It is not always necessary to understand or share the argument underpinning the reservations that a Member State may have on a particular point to realise that these reservations have nevertheless been expressed, that they have been maintained and that it is difficult to withdraw them.
It is nevertheless intellectually dishonest to open up this whole area to market forces just because there is a shortage of plasma.
The people who had nevertheless finally settled there, were the outcasts of society.
We know that something has to be done, that there has to be a response, a just, democratic, proportionate response, but a response nevertheless, because terrorists cannot be allowed to have, or believe they have, impunity and because we are obliged to assure the citizens that, living under the rule of law, we have the necessary instruments to defend their life, freedom and security.
Furthermore, there are some who do not intend to increase their contributions but nevertheless, through these reduced amounts, expect to show solidarity with the new Eastern States which will be part of the enlarged EU.
The Council' s common position on emission ceilings was a long way from the Commission' s figures relatively speaking, but, nevertheless, better than the 'Gothenburg' values that most of the Member States had sworn by.
It agrees with the general spirit of this resolution, but must nevertheless clearly inform this House about the difficulties that exist.
Amongst the first factors thrown up by the investigation, I know that the investigation is not over, but nevertheless, there are many indications that the company' s management took a rather irresponsible approach to risk management.
The Commission nevertheless observes that considerable efforts are still required for the practical enforcement of all the existing legislation.
The Czech Prime Minister said on a radio interview shortly afterwards, and I quote directly from what he said, 'I again repeat those words were not uttered publicly, nevertheless they have not been embargoed.'
We must nevertheless continue to bring it up.
Our idea is that, every four or five years, in each country, a more in-depth analysis should be carried out - it may be a supplement to the documents from the stability programme - on long-term public finances with the obvious fundamental problem of the ageing of the population and from which, nevertheless, when updating the annual programmes we only take the most necessary basic information.
I hope that the Commissioner responsible will nevertheless carry out our recommendations at that conference.
It is a simple but nevertheless important tribute that we want to pay today by putting forward this resolution.
I think, nevertheless, that it is up to the European Union to give a response.
Given that this is for preparatory action, and in accordance with the rules on the execution of the budget, the Commission really does not require a legal basis for these preliminary expenses, but it is nevertheless aware that it cannot develop the SIS II without calling on the experience of Member States in relation to the current SIS and its operation.
There is nevertheless one subject on which I disagree with Mrs Korhola. Public consultation will only be feasible if the definition of 'the public' is not too vague.
Finally, with regard to capital flows - in particular exchange operations - I will say no more, personally, about the Tobin tax, but I will nevertheless continue to demand an in-depth debate on taxes which could discourage speculative assaults on the currencies of a number of countries.
With regard to this heading 4 of the financial perspectives, I should nevertheless like to point out one particular aspect pertaining to the appropriations for the common foreign and security policy.
We believe that the Commission will be able to provide us with the answers to all these issues, but, nevertheless, I wanted to draw your attention to the fact that hypothetical positions will not help this reform to move forward.
All in all, I would nevertheless support this Council proposal, with certain amendments.
The Committee on Regional Policy shares the objectives which the Commission expresses in its proposed Regulation, but nevertheless considers that the classification obtained is not entirely suited to those objectives, which means that it is perceived by some citizens as an artificial division of European territory.
Lastly, although the democratisation of the WTO will certainly not be on the agenda, it is nevertheless clear that this round will not succeed if it is nothing more than a diplomatic battle between countries, even if the European Union is happy to play the honest mediator.
One thing is clear: Turkey is trying to make reforms, Turkey is making efforts, but, nevertheless, things are moving very, very slowly.
Even if, contrary to what the report says, the Commission' s report is not jubilant, I nevertheless believe that we can be satisfied with these results as a job well done.
At the end of the day it is clear that accession to the WTO is only one element, perhaps an essential one, but, nevertheless, only one element in the reform process launched by Deng Xiaoping in 1978 and continued by his successors.
Although the immediate reactions from the Chinese side will be most probably negative, nevertheless, I strongly believe that expressions of international concern and support are essential for creating an environment conducive for the peaceful resolution of the Tibetan problem.
But we nevertheless endorse these principles of a really environmentally-friendly transport policy.
Although all the States concerned are signatories to our Human Rights Convention, I have nevertheless asked in this report that we draw particular attention to the need to protect and preserve human rights in the conduct of these teams.
Priority areas for action must, nevertheless, be identified according to trends in crime in the Union.
Although I am in favour of the inclusion of all major ports, I can, nevertheless, give my support to Amendment 79 proposed by Mr Atkins.
In order to make the collecting and sorting of plastic profitable nevertheless, a levy is required, and I would ask the Commission once again to quickly present the revised proposal now.
When making choices between various providers, EU citizens must nevertheless be confident that we, as European legislators, guarantee consumer protection by making sure that persons practising insurance mediation are highly qualified.
As it unfortunately has been impossible to allow part-time agents, who act under the responsibility of their company, to be totally excluded from the directive, it nevertheless is good to relax the registration liability in the way our committee has proposed.
I should nevertheless like to ask one question in this connection, namely with regard to an element which, in my view, will remain high-priority for the foreseeable future.
One Korean company, with USD five billion' s worth of losses that have been absorbed by state banks, nevertheless won half of all industrial tonnage in 2000 - by dropping prices.
Needless to say, that is never entirely possible with a bankruptcy of this scale, but it is important nevertheless that an effort is also being made indirectly, in the area of training and in-service training.
It seemed a totally uncontroversial report, but nevertheless, there are a number of elements which require further discussion.
This does not mean that we will not hope that something good will nevertheless come out of this terrible catastrophe and out of our provision of aid, namely that Algeria will find a way to really step up the necessary dialogue with those who want peace and freedom in that country.
I hope that this can still be rectified in Laeken, but I would nevertheless wish the Council Presidency every success at this stage.
I do not think that he is here to listen to my reply, but I am nevertheless going to give it.
I would say, however, that it is, nevertheless, important to emphasise some specific mechanisms that should be included in this framework decision in order to guarantee and safeguard the fundamental rights of our citizens.
However, bearing in mind the political importance of the questions that it raises, I should nevertheless like to share with you my thoughts on the main points that it deals with and the positions expressed on them in the resolution.
I agree with the feeling which has just been expressed very rightly by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, and I must point out that the broadly negative vote of Parliament, even though it might ease everybody' s consciences, nevertheless leaves intact the considerable problems which have led to the creation of the committee and which have, furthermore, only increased since it was created, as the events of last weekend have shown once again.
That is probably very clever in political terms, but nevertheless it is something along those lines.
To outline priorities is fine and the priorities chosen are good ones - perhaps obvious ones, but nevertheless the right ones.
You know the outcome, but let me assure you that it was nevertheless a difficult journey, and that for a long time it looked like the Commissioners would not succeed in reaching a sound agreement.
However, I nevertheless wish to touch on one point, and a very important one at that, regarding the reserve for the 105 new posts envisaged up to now.
It is a small programme, but nevertheless an important one.
The rapporteur' s proposed approach is an option that nevertheless needs further improvements for it to be effective with regard to protection of the environment.
I am quite aware that this was not exactly the question you were asked, but nevertheless it seems to me to be important, if we are making progress on the social rights of homosexuals in the European institutions, for us to ensure that the current policies of all of the European institutions are consistent with this.
There are languages which are not spoken by many people but which are nevertheless national languages, such as Luxemburgish.
Although, generally speaking, we have not always supported your public statements, because they put forward the majority view of Parliament, which, unfortunately, on too many occasions is so different from our own, you have nevertheless been able to give a dignified image of Parliament. One of the highlights of your Presidency has to be the outstanding Sakharov prize ceremony that you so wanted and that you were able to expand on through your wise words in your speech at the Laeken European Council.
Nothing embodies this idea better than the codecision procedure which nevertheless needs to be improved for the sake of transparency and efficiency.
The euro is extremely important, as were the removal of borders or the internal market, which, nevertheless, only affect goods and citizens crossing the border at a given time, but it is also a piece of our European identity, which we use every day from morning till night, in all the countries of the Monetary Union and exactly in the same conditions.
In fact, there is no consensus amongst scientists on the effectiveness of these measures, and this means that, while we share the objectives, we nevertheless doubt their effectiveness.
The Commission welcomes the action of the judicial and administrative authorities but, nevertheless, regrets that such an affair could ever have been possible at all.
I realise, not without relief, that I am not the Commissioner responsible either for taxation or for monetary union, but merely the Commissioner for humble competition policy which, nevertheless, has a role to play and tries to play it vigorously - with the support of Parliament, which is apparent once again today.
It is nevertheless the key to greater action in the spirit of e-Europe.
It is nevertheless worth supporting the disposal of stocks of bonemeal and tallow.
I would go so far as to say that exclusion is on the increase and that this trend is harming our various strategies for social cohesion, a concept which we are nevertheless fond of in the European Parliament.
Within this defence of our prerogatives and this maintaining of better relations with the other two institutions, in which we all have an interest, there is, nevertheless, one aspect that you touched on briefly and on which I should like to focus: access to the 'screening' documents for the candidate countries which, to date, are being denied us.
Although we can now welcome the fact that, as Mrs Maes said, the European Union has been quick to play a very active role on the ground, and that humanitarian aid has finally reached Goma, certain questions have, nevertheless, been raised and I think that we must try, along with the Commissioner, to provide an answer.
Ultimately, they affect less than 2% of total costs and, nevertheless, calculating these training costs would have or would lead to a very significant cost in terms of compiling the statistics as a whole.
I understand what Mr Watson is saying: as I see it, we should avoid a one-dimensional solution or solutions, but I do feel, nevertheless, that there is so much to do in terms of liberalising trade to help the poorest countries that it may well be there that we should focus our efforts initially.
Commissioner, there is currently a serious discrepancy between the enormous quantity of legislation we have approved and which we are continuing to approve but with which, nevertheless, the Member States are still failing to comply, which is why we have before us two own-initiative reports - on nitrates and habitats - by the European Parliament.
Water quality has improved in larger rivers and many lakes but, nevertheless, the majority of Member States have either not done enough or they have acted too late.
I do not want to say that this all adds up to a negative picture, but it is nevertheless clear that there are very big differences between the US and Europe here, and I can only agreed with what Mr Lagendijk has said about nuclear weapons.
Even if religious fundamentalism is the most significant form and stands out from other forms, it is nevertheless essential to recognise all forms of fundamentalism if a meaningful debate is to take place.
In my view, this comes too late, but we may ask whether we still nevertheless need to draw a functional distinction between supervision of conduct and prudential supervision.
Hence one of the difficulties, Mr President, in including the contribution of European military capabilities to defending against external terrorism, when necessary, which is connected to the main priority of the Spanish Presidency, which is the fight against terrorism and which, nevertheless, in the current state of development of our missions as a result of the principle of evaluation, we cannot undertake without a prior Council declaration which I will refer to later if there is time.
While the Commission can agree to the principle of distribution of part of the fee income to Member States or their patent offices to be used for innovation promotion purposes, it nevertheless considers that this issue should be dealt with in the context of the European Patent Organisation.
In this framework, we are still seeing a certain disparity between the various methods of cooperation already in place and the development, which we consider to be desirable, of areas related to the political situation, the establishment of the rule of law and respect for human rights. It could, nevertheless, be said that there are already signs, here and there, which give reason to believe that these things will gradually be achieved.
This will probably cost us something, but surely we should be prepared to go ahead nevertheless if human rights are so important to us.
Surely there is no comparison with the situation in the United States of America which, nevertheless, was likened to that in China by another speaker this morning.
However, while we are conscious that the way ahead will be a long-term process, we nevertheless believe that improvements in political and civil rights are needed in China, also in the short-term.
I would therefore expressly call on the Member States to review their schemes in such a way as to ensure that women, but also men who, through family circumstances, are not active in the labour market, are nevertheless able to build up individual pension rights.
He pointed out that the arrangements (in place at the time) made it possible to accumulate benefits, but nevertheless penalised migrant workers who found themselves having to deal with any number of national pension schemes.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, and Mrs Damião, to whom many thanks for this very balanced report, I think it was not very easy to develop an approach for the future - which is what your report, my dear Elisa, has nevertheless done - from the many and various national regulatory arrangements in the EU.
I know countries, including the Netherlands, which have not fully met the MAGP objective, but whose fished stocks are nevertheless relatively healthy at the moment.
Let us hope, nevertheless, that, in this and in other fields, more promising steps can be taken in Johannesburg.
Our group would nevertheless like to emphasise the importance of the principle of subsidiarity with regard to the tourist industry and therefore supports the notion of limited action within the framework of the EU.
There has nevertheless been a great deal of consultation with the Russian authorities recently.
Although the sums are huge, they are nevertheless meagre compared to the problems.
I am happy that I am able to contribute on this subject because, while I am not a member of the relevant committee, nevertheless, it is a subject that I have thought about.
This is an area in which information would be shared on known threats, known possible suspects but, nevertheless, we have to make absolutely certain that fundamental rights are maintained.
I would like to conclude by addressing a further point that goes beyond the mid-term review but which is nevertheless important for the future, and which is therefore something that we need to bear in mind when we are considering how to develop the common agricultural policy in future.
No matter how willing I was to support the Everything But Arms initiative to support the world's poorest countries, because it helped us a great deal in Doha and will continue to help us, I nevertheless feel that I need to urge some caution about the idea of extending these principles to all developing countries.
At the moment, only Parliament, which has nevertheless fought for the right of codecision on this score, will exercise restraint.
It is, nevertheless, welcome as there are some important issues which at least have had an airing and which we can hopefully pursue further in Johannesburg.
They are people who are similar but, nevertheless, qualitatively different.
There is nevertheless a problem, namely that in the system of subsidiarity, most of the responsibilities lie with the Member States, even with the local councils, in fact.
Finding long-term solutions has nevertheless been a very slow process in recent years.
We are investing and increasing trade and, nevertheless, the consequence of that investment is that the rationalisation of the countryside, and that of trade and services, is creating more unemployment and depriving young people of their future prospects, which is leading to an increase in emigration, which is horrendous but understandable.
It is nevertheless well known that Bush's values do not incorporate a high level of commercial ethics.
It is unfortunate nevertheless, and maybe the only way to correct this is to ask the Convention to look into this matter.
This is the very reason we were not able to achieve anything positive in Bali but, nevertheless, our desire to conclude an agreement remains intact.
If people had listened to us then, women would already have been benefiting from the new directive for at least a year now, and it does represent a genuine improvement on the text that has been in force since 1976, a text which nevertheless has had the great merit of making progress in particular on equal treatment for men and women in the workplace.
Some were nevertheless tempted, but common sense won through and the interests of the majority prevailed: I should like to thank all colleagues for this.
It will nevertheless be necessary to evaluate the proposed system after five years.
However, it in no way questions a process under which the biggest polluters are not paying. By that I mean pollutant waste from industry and large industrial fishing units, which nevertheless cause more damage to the sea than small-scale fishing.
Although it is clear to me that there is a need to reform the common fisheries policy as quickly as possible, and although I recognise that the stocks covered by this proposal for a regulation have been weakened, I nevertheless consider that this reform, as envisaged here, is unbalanced and could make us forget that the protection of fish resources, while necessary, should in no way be at the expense of fishermen.
On account of a few positive points, I would nevertheless have been able to vote for this report, but the added plea for enlargement of NATO made it ultimately unacceptable to me.
I nevertheless believe that some of us, myself included, were right to table a number of amendments.
I do not believe the latter will be the case, but I am very grateful to our Commissioner, Mrs de Palacio, for the fact that she has nevertheless dared to table a proposal in order to examine whether we can promote the production of biofuels, and particularly their use.
I am convinced that these posts are necessary, but we must nevertheless ask a number of questions before we simply agree to such an increase.
In this sense, the new penalties are not an exception and, nevertheless, despite our delay in approving their guidelines, a large number of programmes have been put before the European Commission, which shows that Parliament was right to defend these actions, which promote a direct relationship between Brussels and the regions.
Although I do not at present see any need to alter the Stability and Growth Pact of 1997, I nevertheless support the notion that any possible uncovered pension obligations in the Member States and current levels of taxation should also be taken into consideration when assessing payments made by euro countries in compliance with that agreement.
Although parity in itself has no economic importance it is nevertheless a psychologically significant sign of the confidence market and financial players have in the stability of the Euro area and a development that is seen as positive.
We hope, with regard to the work carried out by the rapporteurs and, in particular, Mrs Scheele, who has, nevertheless, succeeded in improving the Commission's proposal, that the points giving cause for concern will be amended, so that consistency which is at least functional can be achieved.
Admittedly this is less than the EUR 380 million that we were hoping for, but nevertheless it is much more than the EUR 280 million initially granted by the Council.
This report, which I think is outstanding, has nevertheless given rise to major discussions and extreme positions.
What is left is a report on an area of policy which does not concern the EU, but which nevertheless wants to impose on the candidate countries, without any respect for their own independence, the godless morals that are currently prevalent.
In my proposal for an amendment, I nevertheless called for us to go further, so as to follow up the heading I have just mentioned, because I think that in programmes concerning an outermost region, greater weight must be accorded to the criterion of Community added value.
This FAO Summit has nevertheless confirmed, however, what we have repeatedly asserted: the objectives of the fight against hunger and malnutrition set in 1996 are far from being achieved and perhaps increasingly so.
The report is, nevertheless, quite critical of Member States' failure to comply with the notification of catches, infringements and other information relating to the CFP.
Difficulties nevertheless remain and these could affect the course of the peace process itself.
Under the current Directive, with 15%, objectives of 70 or 80% for recycling are being achieved in certain countries, but nevertheless, this is going to promote free competition between materials within a free market.
I can nevertheless reassure my fellow MEPs, for a large number of Member States are convinced that these services must remain in the public sector.
While we are saying that these amendments would increase the differences and therefore reduce the harmonising effect sought by the Commission's proposal, I must say that nevertheless, we must reject Amendment No 9, which establishes a minimum noise charge, because airports without noise problems should not in principle be obliged to impose noise charges.
It is very important for us to play a supportive role - perhaps not as important as the role others such as the United States, China and Japan are playing - but nevertheless an important role in reconciliation in the Korean Peninsula and in encouraging North Korea to join the rest of the human race.
Imagine our horror, therefore, when we discovered that Augustine Chihuri, the Zimbabwe police chief who is actually named on the European Union's prescribed list as being banned from travelling to EU countries, was nevertheless in France last week, at an Interpol meeting in Lyon.
Although we must be able to separate issues that must remain separate, specifically what falls under asylum and what falls under immigration, it must nevertheless be emphasised that it is equally crucial that we establish a common immigration policy that is rational and credible and which necessarily involves a policy of integrating these immigrants, and of effectively combating illegal immigration and trafficking in human beings.
This will deprive you of a much more complete explanation, but please allow me nevertheless to thank Mrs Wallis on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market for her magnificent work and her willingness to take up all the suggestions of that committee.
We therefore agree that, as already laid down in the Tampere conclusions, minimum rules that guarantee an adequate level of legal aid for cross-border legal disputes throughout the Union must be established, whilst emphasising, nevertheless, that the Member States always have the option of laying down more favourable provisions in line with their own traditions.
I would rather not return to the subject of the RALs because time is lacking and because none of us wishes to hear information which we know to be completely unviable financially but which, nevertheless, is produced year after year in the budgetary procedure.
You could, of course, claim that the fisheries policy is only partly being launched, but I should nevertheless like to mention a few points concerning the fisheries policy.
With your permission, I should like nevertheless to examine this with a more critical eye.
This is acceptable once in a while, but I should nevertheless like to ask those who draft the agenda to switch things around and to schedule economic policy and agricultural policy, for example, this late on the agenda, which would allow us to discuss our reports in the afternoon and prevent Mrs Diamantopoulou and us always having to sit here burning the midnight oil.
The message from southern delegations was nevertheless loud and clear: 'The North must show that it is serious about Doha being a development round'.
Finally, however, I should nevertheless like to express my thanks, respect and appreciation.
We should nevertheless listen to the ACP countries when they campaign to retain the best aspects of Lomé, which relies heavily on the principle of non-reciprocity.
Even if some countries in the developed world are not pulling their weight on this score, I believe that the EU and other like-minded countries should, nevertheless, work for more ambitious action in this area.
He nevertheless seems to understand that the framework of the United Nations is difficult to circumvent.
This vote, which is fortunately for consultation purposes only under current rules, could nevertheless politically weaken the position of the Council, which has for some time been trying to stem the tide of overliberal Commission proposals.
This is the most important political question but nevertheless, fisheries policy must also be reformed.
They are really not to blame, therefore, but I should nevertheless like to share with you the fact that I cannot muster any real enthusiasm for this budgetary debate or for the 2003 Budget that is before us.
I should nevertheless like to express my thanks on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities.
At the moment the urgent thing is that this programme be approved so that it is in force on 1 January 2003 - otherwise it would expire - and we have had to sacrifice certain legitimate aspirations that, nevertheless, I would like to mention now, since we will reproduce them at a later date.
Even though it may be acceptable to classify the Fiscalis programme as a mere tool for strengthening administrative cooperation, the European Parliament will nevertheless have to concern itself with the political effects of implementing this type of programme.
Although we should not generalise, the golden years of the financial sector have nevertheless led to a sort of 'financial mad cow disease' - the 'mad finance syndrome'.
We may, as I have pointed out on other occasions, have complete and detailed legislation on the quality of bathing water in the European Union but, nevertheless, we do not regulate the levels of security required of nuclear installations within the Union.
I should nevertheless like to ask the Commission how it intends to take account of national regulators in preparing this package of directives.
Without wishing to give a complete history of the various stages of the common agricultural policy and subsequent reviews carried out by the European Union, allow me nevertheless to remind you that the European Council, at the Berlin Summit, set out the applicable guidelines for the period 1999-2006.
On the subject of Kosovo, ladies and gentlemen, I would nevertheless like to make some things very clear.
The report nevertheless upholds some principles with which I agree, which survived the destructive offensive against the amendments tabled and adopted by the majority.
As far as I know, nevertheless, there is only one country which loses out and gets less than its natural share.
The internal reforms the applicant countries implement will nevertheless increase the prosperity and stability of their societies in the long term.
The Brok report introduces some ambiguity since, after rejecting an amendment which would have confirmed the status of Turkey as a full candidate, it nevertheless asks the European Council 'to commit itself ? to developing the accession process'.
I would nevertheless like to make some observations.
If the private sector will not fund the modernisation of the steel industry in Poland and the Czech Republic, in a global context of excess capacity, should we nevertheless ask those countries to give up developing that sector?
Although it is regrettable that no result was achieved, it should nevertheless be highlighted that we managed to improve the definition of the Clean Development Mechanism and of emissions monitoring procedures.
While I am anything but anti-American, I nevertheless feel that great pressure needs to be exerted on President Bush's administration so that issues such as the climate, climate change and the environment are given more attention and not just addressed from a financial perspective and with a narrow rather than a far-sighted monetary approach.
Despite this serious criticism of the accounting system, the statement of assurance nevertheless states that the transactions have been carried out correctly.
The margin for manoeuvre is, nevertheless, very small.
I nevertheless welcome what President Prodi has said.
Yes, you are in favour of scrapping the unanimity rule, but it is nevertheless to be retained when it comes to modifying Commission proposals.
The same applies to the market: each consumer protects his own selfish interest, but nevertheless, all their transactions set prices which provide the best general approach.
The report illustrates this danger: the consumer is not warned by adequate labelling that the product, despite its appearance achieved through ionisation, will nevertheless deteriorate, and this has already led to food poisoning (cases of fatal exposure of workers to ionising products have been reported in some companies).
Even though we have this tight budget and even though we have to take on new things with every passing year - as has already been said, there are new tasks in category IV almost every year - we nevertheless manage to set priorities that advance the economic development of the continent of Europe.
Harassed, pursued, persecuted, prosecuted, condemned and imprisoned from your youth for your opinions, which were openly critical of the government's official policies, you nevertheless continue to work on constructing your movement, the Christian Liberation Movement for Peace.
The hurdles we have set in this directive today are not very high, but they are nevertheless defined and binding.
There are bound to still be loopholes, but we have nevertheless made real progress in the field of recycling quotas, too.
Mr President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the shipwreck of the Prestige has demonstrated the powerlessness of the European authorities and the various Member States when faced with a disastrous situation like this one which, although the coasts it has ravaged belong to Galicia, is nevertheless a European disaster and is felt to be so by all European citizens.
Although the PPE-DE Group is nevertheless taking part in this debate today, it does so aware and with the conviction that the action announced by the Israeli authorities to safeguard access to the Kiriat Arba settlement can only have disastrous consequences for the development of the continuing conflict, without genuinely guaranteeing the security of its, the settlement's, inhabitants.
I regularly take the train and have not encountered any particular difficulties at border crossings. I am nevertheless aware that there are significant commercial interests at stake in this sector.
I will provide Parliament's Secretariat with a complete list indicating the Commission's position on each of the amendments, but I would nevertheless like to make a few comments in relation to our discussions and some general assessments of the amendments.
Allow me, as a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and as someone from a rural constituency, nevertheless to make a number of critical comments.
Mr President, I nevertheless deplore the way in which this vote has proceeded.
Apart from religious aspects - which, nevertheless, cannot be completely overlooked, given the importance attached to Christian culture in Europe - the report completely ignores the great social and educational value undeniably inherent in the traditional couple, intended as a basic cell in the connective tissue of society.
African and Asian questions are important, and we in the North also understand that, but from the viewpoint of a Europe our children will inherit, the most important direction in which we should be looking is nevertheless the country next door to us and the one offering great opportunities, Russia.
It will nevertheless have to make a decision about this.
You are neither a European bank nor an extension of the World Bank and nevertheless you have close links with us.
Although aquaculture cannot replace fishing in the environment, it is, nevertheless, designed to complement and enhance some much-loved and sought after species that today feature on our daily fish menus and that fishing cannot supply in sufficient quantities.
The financial effort from the budget of the European Union is, nevertheless, modest, since it only came to EUR 276.1 million in 2001.
I would add that, in view of this, it is interesting to note that the African nations have agreed to have the African Union organise a peer review process which, whilst weaker and different from this, nevertheless represents a step towards arriving at a situation in which some collective measurement of performance in these areas is actually taking place.
We are dealing with viable, solvent democracies and while we have to note that the age profile has become lower - the debt is not as old as it used to be - nevertheless, there is no good reason why EUR 2.2 billion should be outstanding.
Because of the balanced approach to the issues in the problem, the resolution nevertheless gets my support.
The link with European agricultural protectionism is nevertheless very distressing in this case as well.
Although women produce more than half the world's food, according to an estimate by the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation, they nevertheless have the poorest prospects of owning land, being granted credit, studying and enjoying their social rights.
Therefore, although this is a global problem, it nevertheless affects developing countries in particular.
(PT) My position on the Iraqi conflict is clearly expressed in the speech I gave in yesterday's plenary sitting. An explanation of my vote is nevertheless needed, which I can only give through this statement.
I am not sure this is news but it is nevertheless the case.
There are, nevertheless, two areas that have already been mentioned in this debate, which still pose problems.
Although the agreement is interesting because it integrates the human rights dimension and consultation of civil society, it nevertheless deserved a more extensive debate on its possible impact, both positive and negative.
We have obviously produced certain reports on this type of decision, but nevertheless they are not of a binding nature, but they are simply an approximation of how we believe certain decisions should be managed.
I nevertheless lament the lack of precision in certain points in the text.
As we develop the measures to be taken we nevertheless have to remember that the importance of forests varies greatly in different parts of Europe.
Advice, the provision of information and prevention naturally remain key, but I nevertheless think that it is also extremely important for the government to try to make nightlife a little safer.
You have nevertheless expressed other types of concerns to which I would like to give you the Commission's preliminary view.
I will nevertheless correspond with you concerning the details and interpretations.
Because liberalisation and regulation in principle appear to be contradictory, but, nevertheless, in Europe we are capable of combining the two elements: the advantages of the market with the guarantees of a system of solidarity.
To guarantee the existence of sustainable cultivation practices we should nevertheless draw up a set of clear environmental criteria so that, for example, using the same cultivated area later on for food production does not pose a risk.
Mr President, I shall talk about a very tiny, but nevertheless very important, element of the budget: that of the Committee on Petitions.
Lastly, where the directive makes significant economic amendments to the port operating system, I believe it is also crucial to provide for transitional systems that protect the rightful interests of those operators who have nevertheless accepted ongoing obligations imposed by national legislation and whose economic balance could suffer irremediably.
We have set certain specific objectives on this point, since public investment in this sector functions satisfactorily but nevertheless there are more deficiencies with regard to the functioning of the private economy.
Those are the essential elements which the Commission raised in its Communication, which have not been taken up in an entirely exact form in the final conclusions of the Council, but which nevertheless have allowed, or are allowing, sufficient progress to be made in order to achieve a result which we believe must allow us to improve in terms of growth.
With regard to the coordination of our budgetary policies, I would say that the system has improved, but that, nevertheless, we cannot be completely satisfied, since we have too many deviations.
The course of events surrounding this matter for codecision does not, in my view, deserve any beauty prize, but I can nevertheless agree with the compromise that has been achieved at the last moment and to which the Council has already given its approval.
The Trentin report welcomes the extremely satisfactory implementation of the Stability and Growth Pact, which was, nevertheless, criticised not long ago as being somewhat stupid by the President of the Commission, Romano Prodi.
Even with the existence of a regulation dating back to 1999, which sets equality of opportunity as a key objective of actions under the Structural Funds, it is nevertheless true that, with the exception of the European Social Fund, this concept has still not been incorporated by the administrations, either of the fifteen countries of the Union or of the ten enlargement countries.
I hope, nevertheless, that this has enabled the rest of the Members to return to their places, because I have a statement to make.
Although there are no doubts as to the ECB's need to adapt its operation to the forthcoming enlargement of the EU, some questions nevertheless remain about the new model it has presented.
In this regard I was nevertheless enormously shocked when I saw the scoreboard which the European Commission - and bravo for doing so - has for the first time added to the documents that contained an evaluation relating to Lisbon.
I shall not dwell on this issue of the sums earmarked for enlargement, since our position on the matter is already common knowledge, but it is nevertheless worth underlining that, if anything can be emphasised with regard to the position adopted in the motion for a resolution on increasing appropriations for category III of the financial perspective, it is the terms laid down and the obvious clear-headedness of the approach to the matter.
You are nevertheless in a position to prevent further damage and accept the proposal our representatives will take to the tripartite dialogue tomorrow.
Given the resistance to the report and the vote on it in the Commission that we Members of the European Parliament have all experienced over the last few days, I would nevertheless like to linger for a moment on a number of challenges regarding this problem which concerns us all.
That is why the will of Parliament, the Council and the Commission to work together in an attempt to coordinate their efforts as swiftly as possible is, as I see it, key for the success of this action, which although it will not of course solve all the problems, will nevertheless make Europe's efforts in the field of research and development more effective.
It is already a cause for some satisfaction that our common concern has nevertheless come far enough for the European Public Prosecutor's office to have been given an article of its own in the draft treaty.
Whilst respecting the personal taste and the gastronomic heritage of certain communities and ethnic groups, and I do, of course, respect these, there are nevertheless minimum requirements for catching and preparing the species intended to satisfy these appetites and tastes.
Although progress has been made in job creation and in reducing unemployment, the progress of this Strategy has nevertheless been extremely slow.
The fact that the Belgian Government at one stage agreed that the land was free of charge, but that this nevertheless ended up in the hands of a private developer, has added to the difficulty of our task, and that is something I regret.
I would like to mention a few points which in my view nevertheless need to be addressed. Firstly, there should be a publication, a real publication worthy of the name, describing the work undertaken by the ECSC and its success story.
We will nevertheless put before the Court of Auditors Parliament's call for a specific external audit.
All the discharges must nevertheless be published in the Official Journal.
It is, nevertheless, unusual to see such blatant examples of this latitudinarian attitude outside WTO rounds.
Establishing this Europe of education that is both attractive and open to the world nevertheless calls for budgets equal to the task: this programme, which is the bearer of great prospects must not be the bearer of false hopes because it is allocated insufficient funding.
They are more concise and they focus on the key questions of economic policy; their general section has been drastically reduced, as well as the number of guidelines they contain, but, nevertheless, they are still exhaustive and they still deal with all the economic problems, though in a more condensed manner.
Mr President, despite the justified criticism of the shortness of time this is nevertheless an important occasion.
After more than three years of fierce negotiations, after two markedly different proposals, despite a European Parliament opinion expressing support for the first proposal and despite the excellent work done by our rapporteur, the text that we have today contains minimal provisions on family reunification and, moreover, the Council will take absolutely no account at all of the European Parliament's opinion, which will nevertheless - at least, I hope so - confirm our previous position.
It is not by adopting this kind of overcautious attitude that we are going to resolve the problem of illegal immigration; nor is this the way to avoid secondary movements of asylum seekers, which is nevertheless one of the main objectives of this directive.
Should anyone in the Czech Republic nevertheless be in breach of that after European Union accession, as a community of justice the EU can and will take appropriate action.
It would nevertheless seem at present that NATO's importance is dwindling and that Europe should take more responsibility for its own security and defence policy.
However, I do have a right to the long view and to second opinions, and where there are concerns, even if these have been allayed to some degree in the period when a new product is coming into use, as is certainly the case with salt of aspartame, nevertheless it is right to think after these products have gone into use - and they are now being used in many hundreds of different confectionery and other products - that over time a periodic review of a new substance is necessary.
The extraordinary meeting of the EU Member States' Health Ministers, with its recommendations for action, was nevertheless an important first step, but we expect more.
Mr Linkohr, although it was not a question, you nevertheless made a very helpful statement!
The Commission nevertheless takes appointment decisions independently and solely in the interests of the institution.
In those circumstances, with regret, but nevertheless assuming responsibility, the Commission - in the person of myself, who has the portfolio responsibility for personnel - had to act.
We will soon be welcoming Mr Kwasniewski, the President of Poland, who represents a state that acted alongside the USA in Iraq, but who will nevertheless be telling us that he is interested in a common foreign and security policy.
We should not ignore the fact that there are many areas where, although we agree on the fundamental objectives, we nevertheless have different ideas about how to achieve those objectives.
To this day, nevertheless, there is no Statute for European Political Parties; despite that fact, there is to this day no Statute for Members of the European Parliament.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the mid-term review has nevertheless been quite an adventure and it is no bad thing that we, the members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, have arrived at a possible compromise, which might, it seems to me, satisfy farmers.
Was it not an omen that the Treaty of Rome was signed by a France which had full and entire sovereignty over an Algeria which was already into its third year of the war of national liberation and which was nevertheless still divided into three French départements?
The United States rejects the International Criminal Court, maintains special military courts, detains - as Mr Barón Crespo pointed out - European citizens in a law-free zone in Guantanamo Bay; the Council nevertheless prepares an extradition and mutual legal cooperation agreement with Washington, turning a blind eye to all these broken rules.
The Convention is certainly an interesting forum for debate, but, nevertheless, only democratically accountable governments should have the final say at the Intergovernmental Conference and they must not allow their hands to be tied in advance.
There nevertheless remains one anomaly that cannot be overlooked.
On the other hand, I cannot agree as fully with one of the rapporteur's personal preferences, which, though concealed for the most part by the amendments, is nevertheless latent and sometimes explicit. I am referring to what I would term Mr Oostlander's pathological aversion to secularism and the secular ideal.
Although the report rightly points, however, down the road towards respect for human rights, along which the country still has to travel, it is nevertheless still a partial and ideologically charged report in my book. It attempts to stamp Turkey with its own view of European values.
The introduction of open coordination in the field of education has, despite its worthwhile objectives, nevertheless meant problems.
I would have nevertheless liked to have it emphasised rather more strongly how sport is the most wonderful way of integrating migrants, women and children, into a new society.
If this report gets through the parliamentary debate in tomorrow's vote, as I hope it does, I will nevertheless be a little sceptical about what the Commission and the Member States will do about this matter.
In the world of politics, we often complain that women's participation is too low; nevertheless, I must point out that women's participation in politics is light years ahead of their participation in sporting bodies.
I would agree with this, but nevertheless, confidence has to be discerning.
I would nevertheless like all this to be investigated.
In the light of this philosophy, we nevertheless have to conclude that the development of the military dimension of the Common Foreign and Security Policy is trailing behind our ambitions.
Protection is nevertheless the starting point for the EU marine strategy.
There is nevertheless a risk of overfishing in many parts of the Mediterranean.
While there is admittedly no risk of collapse, then, there are threats nevertheless, and it is to be feared that resources in the Mediterranean may suffer the same decline as has occurred in other maritime regions.
I think that, in mentioning this incident, which could have arisen just as well in the case of Brussels, and has indeed done so on some occasions - and I can confirm that, as have several other Members - our British friends have nevertheless raised a real issue which could be the subject of a complaint by the authorities of this House to the French authorities.
I must nevertheless congratulate the Council on its unanimous adoption of the common position in question.
I have some sympathy with the remarks made by Mr Maaten about the imperfections of this scheme; nevertheless we have to work within the boundaries of what is scientifically provable and practically possible to implement.
Mr President, Commissioner, although I am grateful to you for your extensive and clear response, I am nevertheless left with a problem. At the end of your intervention, you draw a clear distinction between analogue and digital copying, whereby the former would not be harmful to the information society, while the latter would.
BSE cases will, nevertheless, continue to appear in Spain, as in other Member States, for a number of years because of an incubation time of four to six years or even longer.
If you do that, even if we may follow your progress with a critical eye, we will nevertheless support you in your work.
My party, the Vlaams Blok, hopes nevertheless that under the Italian Presidency, work will be done on a stringent immigration policy, a bold policy against ever-increasing illegal immigration and all the problems of crime and social corruption that it brings with it.
This is nevertheless fully in harmony with the view contained in the Treaty that environmental policy should be integrated with all EU policy.
I nevertheless wanted to amend the Commission's initial proposal.
Progress has nevertheless been real and European democracy will clearly be the winner if the Intergovernmental Conference does not water down the Convention text on this point.
It is nevertheless very much in the interests of the EU in particular that Russia should join the WTO as quickly as possible.
We should bear in mind that, even if there are states in the Union which have not ratified this treaty, the European Union in its own treaties nevertheless guarantees equality for women in the workplace and in many other situations, so it is not a serious question within the European Union as it is in the Russian state.
I regret, nevertheless that the Council, like Parliament at first reading stage, was cautious about certain demands that I regard as sensible.
To conclude, I regret nevertheless that the approach remains focused, on the whole, on the ideological premise that liberalisation brings efficiency, including in terms of safety, something that remains to be seen.
Subsequently, the Council's common position, although it significantly changed the initial form of the regulation, nevertheless incorporated a large number of concerns raised by Parliament: the Council has achieved a significant amount, but a few points remain unclear, particularly given the objective which we set ourselves, which is to draw up clear, transparent rules for passengers that are, at the same time, sustainable by airlines, which, as we all know, are passing through a very difficult period.
We believe that there is a whole set of formal decisions that must be adopted publicly by the countries of the Eurozone and that the existence of the Eurogroup is nevertheless not sufficient to resolve these problems.
Even if opinion polls are not the be-all and end-all, this result nevertheless seems to clearly confirm that the public, at least in Germany, does not see any need for such a note.
I also know therefore, that we must sound the alarm, particularly in our own country, but nevertheless, I hope that the Commission will continue to insist on a greater shift towards the rural policy regulation.
Everyone knows that there is short-term damage here ? visible, immediate damage ? and also long-term damage, which is nevertheless just as important.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it goes without saying that precise assessment of risks when giving credit is of crucial importance to the stability of the banking system, and so, whilst supporting the Basel II agreement's objective of strengthening the banks' hand in evaluating risks, we nevertheless have a number of critical observations to make.
I would nevertheless like to emphasise that the current Member States would not lose out under the reform, as, with enlargement, aids will diminish dramatically in any case.
While this is nothing new, it is nevertheless deplorable that the principle of subsidiarity is for the most part interpreted in a concentrationary, upward-looking way by Community institutions, limiting the ability of Member States to draw up contracts independently, and thus running counter to its own aims and origins.
Quite a few problems nevertheless remain, as everyone knows.
I will, nevertheless, respond to the questions posed. Mr Cunha is right.
I would like to say that it is nevertheless true that certain kinds of markets and opportunities are opening up here for development cooperation organisations.
I ask you nevertheless to consider the consequences and the seriousness of failure, the disappointment and the frustration that this would create amongst the entire European public.
To do so nevertheless infringes another right, namely the right of every European to be able to work within the European Union.
Personally, in spite of many doubts, I have nevertheless concluded that this report is useful and I congratulate my colleague Mr van den Bos.
Mr President, the direct cultural policy of the European Union is restricted, as the Member States have wished, to the modest funding of programmes which, nevertheless, are amongst those most often requested by the citizens.
I appreciate that you would then have to go back on a decision, but I should nevertheless like to urge you to treat this report in such a way as to leave no misunderstanding or uncertainty on this matter at all.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would nevertheless like to remind those Members who have asked for no less than five or six passages of the report to be deleted that we are not in a supermarket with a trolley.
Having made this general observation, I must nevertheless point out, in relation to the rapporteur's comments on the ever-greater cuts in Community assistance to various NGOs, that the participation of non-state actors is not in itself a guarantee that development policies will be effective.
This illegal and incorrect practice nevertheless remains in place.
Although this extreme paradox, which is well-known in economic theories, is not necessarily very easily possible in reality, it is nevertheless a reminder of the sort of reduced effectiveness and perversions of aid which still occur and are furthermore permitted in real life.
Prohibiting or slowing down this creative development would constitute an attack on the dissemination of knowledge and nevertheless, in future, human knowledge will increasingly take the form of software.
These are useful, but relatively technical measures that, Mr Kirkhope, a former Secretary of State for immigration under the UK's last Conservative government, has nevertheless found it extremely difficult to admit to the Commission and the European Parliament.
I would like to know, nevertheless, whether the Commission agrees with increasing the amounts and including preventive measures in the Forest Focus programme.
... lavishly to Mr Mulder, but nevertheless, when it is due.
However, if we do not have the resources or the people whose presence, qualities and qualifications we can totally justify, then it is very difficult to see how the Commission can undertake the tasks it has now, let alone the ones that are to come as a consequence of this glorious enlargement, but which nevertheless we recognise to be additional obligations which we must discharge with efficiency and honesty.
Whatever the decision-making procedures, whatever the reports highlighting the European Union's development needs, the same thing has happened for years: whenever budget time comes the Council makes the most astounding cuts to its programmes, which are nevertheless among the most important ones for encouraging development in the European Union.
I nevertheless hope that the message will get to him.
In those - numerous - cases, the end result was, nevertheless, job losses, plant closures and, what is more, increased taxation to replenish the state coffers, affecting taxpayers.
The generation gap must nevertheless be narrowed by means of vigorous pension scheme reforms, so that increased pensions do not become a burden on the shoulders of younger generations.
George Bush has just said, although it sounds like sarcasm, that 'in the United States we free people by means of a peaceful and ordered process' but, nevertheless, has vetoed a resolution in the Security Council which advocated just that and expressed opposition to political assassination.
With regard to principle, the substantive test has nevertheless proved effective up to now, although this has been keenly debated.
I will take it as read that our proposal’s good points largely speak for themselves, but there are a number of details to which I would nevertheless like to give special mention.
I do, nevertheless, have five comments to make.
We nevertheless have to bear in mind how diverse the European forests are.
I should nevertheless like to make an observation with regard to this report.
The work of the Agency must nevertheless take account of the different conditions to be found in the Member States.
This serious incident nevertheless warrants one fundamental observation: why did the Commission not warn us in time?
You asked for the next policy to concentrate on Objective 1, on the regions that are poorest or most behind in their development: that is what we will propose but, nevertheless, I have not decided on removing all European action from the other regions.
Mr President, Commissioner, on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party I would also like to congratulate our rapporteur, Mrs Ferreira, on her excellent work and her excellent cooperation throughout the process of this matter. It concerns a subject which it has to be said is technical and does not mean a great deal to citizens, but nevertheless it should be of great interest to consumers, in any case the increasing number who are fighting the battle against sugar and calories, but also against dental caries among children.
As there are nevertheless some reports of problems following over consumption of aspartame, we wish to remain vigilant and our rapporteur has explained how we can do so.
We nevertheless managed to control the situation and, in 2002, we doubled the volume of private investment.
The European Union remains attentive to developments in areas that are more distant geographically but are nevertheless linked to us by historical and cultural bonds.
– Mr President—in-Office of the Council, it is said that the Union will be based on principles of modern democracy but, nevertheless, it is the governments of the States – in other words the European Council – who will decide on the content of the Constitutional Treaty.
With these words in our minds and on our lips, we nevertheless respect the Treaties currently in force.
I believe that, even if we have limited resources at our disposal and should, therefore, be selective about where we intervene, it is, nevertheless, in Europe's wider interest to adopt a global approach as regards both our analysis and our foreign policy endeavour.
All those in this group who opposed the USA’s intervention in Iraq must nevertheless acknowledge that it was also – and I emphasise also – due to the failure by the whole structure of the modern-day United Nations that things got to such a pass, and that we did not make a multilateral attempt at regime change in Iraq at an earlier stage, which would have been the right time to do it.
– Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am very glad that the House has nevertheless not agreed to the amendment by the Group of the Party of European Socialists aiming at cutting EUR 40 million for the export of live cattle.
While the Commission correctly states that the accession process for Bulgaria is based on the ‘own merits’ principle, nevertheless it has also said that it is committed to a common accession treaty for Bulgaria and Romania together, by the end of 2005.
It is nevertheless important that the Convention’s fundamental ideas are not discarded during the work of the IGC.
The Constitution is nevertheless within reach and can easily be approved by 5 December and signed in Rome, the Eternal City.
There is, therefore, no question that this is a timely proposal, something which cannot lead us to think that the instruments approved so far – such as the European arrest warrant – have meant any undermining of the fundamental rights and safeguards of our citizens, but which nevertheless does make it necessary for progress in this direction to be complemented by a degree of unification of procedural safeguards.
Emissions from passenger cars are nevertheless a significant source of greenhouse emissions, which is why we must act in such a way that, where possible, consumers are steered in the direction of environmentally sustainable and favourable products.
It nevertheless shows that women are voted for if they simply stand for election.
There is nevertheless the question of how to incorporate accessibility, non-discrimination, and full citizens’ rights for people with disabilities in major policy lines at all levels.
Even though we might think that it is not up to us to say it, I nevertheless believe that we should confront this fundamental and historically significant issue.
We are of course all aware that businesses and entrepreneurs are tempted to create monopolies and keep technological innovations to themselves, but we must nevertheless guarantee the existence of a functioning market with technically well-executed interfaces.
The Commission is aware of these facts, yet it nevertheless advocates the introduction of tax increases, taking away the dirty work from the Member States’ finance ministers, who increase the taxes and shuffle off responsibility onto the EU.
– Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, one can have the same goals, Commissioner, whilst nevertheless pursuing them by different means.
The compromise is not the best possible one, but is nevertheless an acceptable solution.
While it is difficult at this stage to pass judgment on the IGC, I nevertheless believe that we should share the Commission's concern, since it seems to me that we are moving from Charybdis to Scylla.
The Northern Dimension nevertheless also needs sufficient new financial resources for it to be implemented.
I would like – also with regard to this issue – to table a supplementary question, since when there has been a situation of insufficient respect for rights, you have quite rightly acted as the Council in relation to Cuba, but nevertheless, in relation to this other very serious violation of the rights of families, the Council has taken no action.
There is, nevertheless, a great and understandable temptation to grasp the opportunity to add innovations and suggest improvements.
I am obliged to the Commissioner for his wide-ranging appreciation of my report, but I nevertheless want to contradict him on one point.
We are well aware that the new Financial Regulation that we adopted in this House, does not permit operating grants, but a solution must nevertheless be found to this grave problem so that the Info-Points affected can continue to work through 2004 and can continue to inform the public about the activities of the European Union and the work that we do on a daily basis.
Laeken, of course, primarily called for answers to a number of different problems, and, since the Convention nevertheless chose to draw up a single, unified treaty, I also think that it has been party to risking the method of working somewhat.
I would nevertheless like to make one additional amendment, which is already contained in this report.
This report will no doubt be adopted nevertheless without the real issue being confronted.
I should nevertheless like to take this opportunity to make a few remarks.
The proposal nevertheless fails to meet expectations in this sector, which today accounts for around 150 000 farms and 4% of farmland in the EU.
Takeovers will not be made any easier but, nevertheless, the PSE Group wanted a form of words to provide some political concession, as if they were being made easier.
For that reason, we should vote against these amendments and support what is, I agree, a flawed and partial compromise, but, nevertheless, one which makes some progress.
Gisela Stuart, the British representative who was nevertheless a member of its Praesidium, recently referred to it as a ‘self-selected elite’.
These also nevertheless have an impact on the EU budget.
The constitution would be more important to us than the Statute, although there is no real connection between the two, but we do this nevertheless, and, all the same, the larger groups are tabling a joint motion for a resolution.
More must be done to render disasters involving oil tankers at sea and involving nuclear power stations practically impossible, but if such disasters occur nevertheless, the damage is vast.
I also believe that a strong recommendation for the future in favour of the Galileo system sends an appropriate message to the whole sector which is going to invest, which is investing or intends to implement the Galileo system and, therefore, we are providing support for the Galileo system – which is a European system – with the necessary flexibility so that each country can, nevertheless, take the corresponding measures, provided that they are compatible and interoperable, although there may possibly be other solutions in the event that there are, for example, problems relating to investments, the repayment of investments, etc.
Effectively, we are prohibiting the transit of the most polluting lorries through that country; lorries which, nevertheless, can travel – and are going to continue to travel – throughout the rest of the European Union.
But if we look at Europe as a whole, goods nevertheless travel between southern Europe and northern Europe.
The reality is nevertheless that the Commission and Council are male-dominated.
There are nevertheless a few conditions attached to this development.
Once again in this Chamber we are having to deal with natural disasters, the consequences of which could nevertheless be better contained.
I urge President Musharraf, nevertheless, at the same time to ensure an end to cross-border terrorist infiltration and I welcome the news today of the arrest of those accused of attempting to assassinate him.
While this report is not the greatest of all reports, it must nevertheless be seen as one of the achievements of the last four years.
There is one point I nevertheless cannot support as it stands: the proposal for a common coastguard goes just a bit too far.
In fact, today you are agreeing to exclude several of the Singapore issues – investment and competition – from the single undertaking, from the overall agreement, while nevertheless keeping them on the negotiating table for the multilateral agreements that you want to negotiate: in doing so, you will foster mistrust and hostility.
It is therefore time to review these Community policies, which threaten to compromise the future of a sector that has nevertheless enjoyed exemplary success.
The proposed regulation nevertheless represents a significant step forward in terms of stricter testing and extending the legislative scope regarding surfactants, as well as better information for the consumer.
It was not easy, but nevertheless we succeeded, in UNESCO, in persuading the nations of the world to stand side by side with us in order to preserve that which we all hold most dear.
With respect to these, one nevertheless fears that the guidelines for children and armed conflicts agreed in December will not be effectively implemented, as was the case with the action programme against torture before it in 2001.
Until that phase of the work is completed, it is difficult to see what the overall cost is likely to be, but I would nevertheless compliment and thank the Member for raising this issue.
Having on our territory people with no rights, with absolutely no security, in fear of being reported to the authorities, reduced to feeding the profitable illegal labour market or resorting to petty crime, but who nevertheless prefer that situation to the risk of being returned to their countries of origin, in fact raises inevitable social, moral and legal questions.
The chair of the delegation from the French National Assembly to the European Union, which supports this text, has acknowledged that, with regard to the double majority, and I quote: ‘from a national point of view, nevertheless our country had as much interest in the status quo as Spain and Poland ‘.
– Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would be quite happy to agree with the points Mr Karas has just made, for there is little to be objected to in what he said, but, nevertheless, if we carry on debating with each other much longer – as the members of the committee already have been – very profound differences will keep on cropping up here and there, and I think we have to say something about these in order to understand each other a bit better.
Although there is not the initial plan to dismantle the chain of so-called ancillary services, I nevertheless regret the fact that it was not more clearly recognised that the management of air navigation safety is a chain of actions and services that requires a global approach rather than a piecemeal one.
There was no COPS or anything like it but nevertheless they came and, I would insist, at that time, it was believed that our initiative was impossible.
They were always presented positively, but nevertheless had to overcome many obstacles to get our European project adopted.
To this end, it was established that various economic reforms were necessary, as well as a strengthening of research and social cohesion, but nevertheless, in almost all the Member States we are seeing constant examples of relocation of companies whose owners, generally multinationals, are seeking greater profit margins by reducing the manufacturing costs of products, establishing their industries in countries with cheaper workforces and, sometimes, with fewer environmental controls.
– Mr President, as my group’s shadow rapporteur, I would nevertheless like further reassurance that this is only about deferring the vote, and that the agreements reached between the groups will be unaffected and will not again be rescinded.
This own-initiative report was nevertheless a necessary one.
The Commissioner has told us that the Sixth programme is being applied – and the report says this – but nevertheless I believe that we do have time for the Commissioner to introduce certain modifications relating to the role of women in rural development, as it appears he is going to do.
I understand that countries introducing difficult reforms also want the Union to apply restrictive policies; nevertheless, this approach is incoherent because national expenditure – at the level of each individual state – and Union expenditure – incurred jointly – are not interchangeable as they are different in qualitative terms.
Let us nevertheless bear in mind that all of this should meet an objective of sustainable development, a factor in creating stability.
It has nevertheless to be borne in mind that unhindered access to public sector websites will be a long process, as there are a lot of them.
The Commission has nevertheless pointed out the exceptional nature of the course taken and reaffirms its eagerness to see the general framework applied.
That agreement was nevertheless concluded without any prior democratic debate.
Even though funds for new initiatives, in both the internal and external policy spheres, are very limited, the Commission is nevertheless proposing, for 2005, new initiatives and increased resources in line with our priorities, for example, in transport and energy, for the preparation of a European air traffic management system; in the area of industrial policy, for the establishment of agency for the testing of chemical substances; in justice and internal affairs, for the further development of the Schengen Information System, whilst, in the field of research, there is a need for more funding for the decontamination of nuclear research facilities.
This nevertheless requires special action and care; otherwise, the multicultural principle could become chaos.
We are nevertheless prepared to accept some amendments.
The main issues that have been raised and which I wish to touch on are, first, how the balance of fees is being struck in a way that is fair to small operators, as Mr Goodwill said, but nevertheless does not allow exploitation and evasion of the rules by some.
There can be no doubt that this Directive is necessary, but nevertheless, it is doubtful whether the text approved will resolve the problems which have been raised.
It is a shame that certain strict rules have not been included, as my colleague Mr Berenguer Fuster has already remarked, but I nevertheless welcome the compromise that has been reached.
Implementing the regulation in this way amounts to discrimination against the smaller party groupings in this House, which although they are active at European level nevertheless are not represented in any group.
. Mr MacCormick, I share your view that the situation is unsatisfactory but, nevertheless, there is no empty field, as I said.
No-one seriously democratic could turn their back on such an idea, but nevertheless it is necessary to be careful because, if the impression was ever given that partisan reasons determined the appointment, that would reverberate over five years in Parliament, in the Commission, in the Council and more widely.
There is, in itself, no excuse for such actions; they are illegal, but I should nevertheless advise the Slovaks to study their social legislation again carefully.
Enlargement will nevertheless show that peaceful and equal cooperation is what is most enduring in all circumstances.
– Mr President, progress has indeed been made, but it is nevertheless an open secret that, in various accession countries, public enthusiasm for the EU has waned, and the European elections will demonstrate this.
In line with this thinking, nevertheless, we cannot understand why, in certain passages, specific reference to the Iberian Peninsula (Spain and Portugal) is being removed in connections with the North Sea and the Irish Sea.
With regard to Amendment No 7, we cannot accept it in its entirety, because we do not believe we should extend the concept of ‘motorways of the sea’ so far, since ultimately that would reduce the strength achieved by concentrating and selecting specific projects; nevertheless, there is one part I would like to refer to which we can accept and which relates to Amendment No 22 by Mr Jarzembowski, and that is that we could include an express reference to the fact that motorways of the sea will include canals linking two seas.
The reasons why postal systems are, nevertheless, fighting for the introduction of a VAT rate are basely material.
On this basis, my group takes the view that the countries where rights which, according to Europe are not exportable, are exported nevertheless, will need to adapt their social legislation.
In their case, it is true that they are not entitled to contribution-based benefits, but this right should nevertheless be exportable, in my view.
I should, nevertheless, like to make two crucial observations.
Unfortunately, this point has not yet been included in the text, but I would nevertheless like to bring it to your attention once again.
The compromise has become neither a purely English City directive nor a stock exchange directive, which, on account of the theoretical abolition of the concentration rule would nevertheless lead to a monopoly of the stock exchange.
To summarise, the compromise that has been submitted to us is a poor compromise, but, with a heavy heart, I will nevertheless vote in favour of it for two reasons. Firstly, because of the risk of going back to the common position – which is even worse and would damage the financial sector even more – and, secondly, to avoid having to go into conciliation with a new Parliament that is less well-informed in this field.
I would, however, ask them to understand that we nevertheless want to include insurance in the scope of this directive.
EU subsidies have nevertheless been widely used to encourage concentration of abattoir capacities.
We have nevertheless seen horrendous instances of problems occurring. They have to be eliminated by means of clear regulations and effective monitoring.
Animals for fattening are counted as animals for slaughter, but I believe we should nevertheless make a distinction here.
We nevertheless believe that the compromise is sound overall because it constitutes a clear improvement upon the original proposal.
It would be inconsistent to try to make do with an overly restrictive definition of environmental law, and thus to exclude whole sectors of activity that, nevertheless, play an active part in achieving our environmental objectives.
Ladies and gentlemen, following 11 September an action plan to combat terrorism was approved but, nevertheless, on 11 March 2004, some of the measures laid down in it had not been transposed into national legislations.
Through its shrewd and prudent conduct of the negotiations, whereby it is nevertheless boldly pursuing its objective, it has been able to put the Constitution back on the table.
We have to take heed of this. It is nevertheless necessary in the fight against terrorism to ensure that the basic rights of our citizens and civil freedoms are not needlessly restricted.
Without elevating this report and this study to absolute truths, they are nevertheless a good basis for pushing on and tightening up policy in connection with both poverty issues and sustainable development.
If Croatia wishes to have the opportunity to join the Union reasonably quickly, it must nevertheless first solve certain problems relating to the definition of its land and sea borders, which concern Slovenia and Italy.
While endorsing the basic approach and the main objectives of the directive, Parliament is nevertheless tabling a raft of amendments which, in our opinion, make a series of definitions and options clearer and unequivocal.
I should nevertheless like to thank the rapporteur and all those involved.
For example, when it aims to encourage replacing Member States with the European Union at the IMO or to develop the inspection and restraint powers of the European Maritime Safety Agency, to the point of transforming it into a veritable federal authority; or again when it advocates the establishment of an integrated European coastguard system, while being very careful not to specify who would finance it and who would be in charge of it, but which would nevertheless have numerous functions, including, in no particular order, ensuring maritime safety and the protection of the marine environment, fisheries surveillance, protection against terrorism or even the assignment of emergency moorings and ports in the event of an accident at sea.
This device has nevertheless produced very good results.
Vessels in distress are obviously not covered by this procedure, as this report nevertheless pretends to believe.
The fact that I am nevertheless dissatisfied will perhaps be of some assistance to him in his dealings with Mr Jarzembowski, because he stands somewhere in the middle between the various opinions predominating in this house.
It took some time to reach agreement with the Commission about where this programme should be implemented, but eventually it was decided to give it to the agency in Bilbao. That, of course, is no fault of the agency in Bilbao, but nevertheless the Court of Auditors made a very negative comment about this.
I nevertheless remain somewhat sceptical when I look at the reality.
Mr President, whatever the vote on the adjournment of the subsequent items, I should like to ask you nevertheless to put the Cyprus resolution to the vote, because it is important that the European Parliament’s views should be made known in plenty of time for Saturday’s referendum.
In the final vote, though, we nevertheless voted against the report, as it fails to deal with such issues as the demand for a single venue for the European Parliament or the abolition of allowances for Fridays in Strasbourg.
The shortcomings seen in the sector involving the cross-border transfers of small sums apparently reside in the inadequacy of the legal framework at European level that the Commission proposes to present, nevertheless, the structure of this framework – the form and number of legal instruments – is still not known.
I acknowledge that the report is better than the original version that was rejected in the parliamentary committee, but nevertheless, I wish to make some observations on my own behalf and on behalf of my group.
Much as I would, theoretically speaking, have preferred our Chairman’s clear and purist solution, I nevertheless think it is now time to turn the tables.
I am nevertheless pleased to be able to make this speech on this important matter of the rail package and everything that it implies.
All of these programmes are still insufficient to achieve the Lisbon objectives, which are nevertheless reaffirmed each year at the Spring Summit.
I am, nevertheless, Mr President, in favour of Turkey entering the European Union.
Without impairing other programmes, we must nevertheless allocate ourselves the resources to match our ambition to ‘make Europe’s education and training systems a world quality reference by 2010’.
The various situations highlighted in the ‘new’ report are, nevertheless, almost all taken out of context.
It is nevertheless clear that in a number of countries the situation is far from ideal and is a problem of great political importance.
Hence the timeliness of the Resolution we are discussing, which is perhaps a repetition, according to the Socialist Group – and this is the reason why it has not wished to sign up to this resolution – but nevertheless necessary, because events in Cuba are, regrettably, repeating themselves and the situation not only remains unchanged, but as the months have passed has actually deteriorated.
It is highly regrettable that certain groups in this House continuously condemn the situation in Cuba in terms of political prisoners, opponents of the Cuban Government but, nevertheless, avoid debating the horrendous conditions of the five Cubans jailed in the United States, who are denied family visits and fair trials.
I do hope, though, that we will nevertheless be able to achieve a good result.
The idea nevertheless persists in many quarters outside the EU that the EU is incapable of accomplishing enlargement at the same time as attending to other matters.
Having said that, I should mention the fact that although, overall, the Irish Presidency can be assessed as positive, there remain, nevertheless, considerable areas in which the picture is not so bright.
I was pleased to hear you saying yesterday that Portugal may be on the edge of Europe geographically speaking, but that it is nevertheless at the heart of Europe.
We must be aware that things are not easy, that it does not appear that the latest measures taken by the Lukashenko regime are going to improve the situation, but we must nevertheless have faith in the citizens of Belarus.
I realise that although the EU’s role is modest for the time being, it can nevertheless help determine the quality of democracy in future.
It is nevertheless important that it should be harder to relax the rules than tighten them up.
First of all, I have to say that, although holding the summit in Vietnam is naturally a showcase for the reforms achieved in that country, it nevertheless has to be noted that there is still a yawning chasm between the dream of an effective and honest trading environment and reality.
Hence I trust that today’s debate will nevertheless help to clarify the issue and above all will allow the Commission to include some of our demands in the regulation that must be adopted by the Commissioners probably on 20 October.
Some moderation is expected next year, but euro area exports should, nevertheless, continue to benefit from favourable global demand conditions in 2005.
There is, nevertheless, a problem with your decisions, the harmony between words and deeds.
Despite this one vote against, we nevertheless approved the overall report.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, caught as it is between two newsworthy events – the parliamentary elections in Belarus and the US presidential election – the election in Ukraine is nevertheless no less important for Europe and the whole world, although this neighbouring country is more democratic than Belarus, of course, and less influential than the United States of America.
. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the situation regarding security in Bosnia and Herzegovina has improved, but the country is nevertheless unstable, and an international presence is needed.
They have nevertheless made significant progress towards fulfilling their target under the old packaging directive at the end of the transition periods agreed in the Accession Treaty.
Of course I understand that the global economic context is unfavourable, nevertheless I would not like to perceive it as an excuse, but rather as a stimulus for an enlarged European Union to find the answers to those questions which others cannot answer.
Although the European Union has every opportunity of accomplishing its aims, the Lisbon report is nevertheless a cause for concern.
I should also like to express my thanks to Parliament for the flexibility it has shown in organising these hearings, which nevertheless retained all their substance and stringency.
To respond directly, moreover, to the concerns expressed by Mr Schulz, Mr Swoboda and Mr Rasmussen, I must point out that, while I have a particular ideological political conviction, I nevertheless believe that as President of the Commission, I cannot be a President of the right against the left nor the left against the right.
Additionally, following these first months of work as a member of the Committee on Petitions, I must nevertheless say that, as demonstrated by the data in the report we are debating, excellently drafted by Mr De Rossa, there is still considerable disinformation and confusion over the precise areas of competence of the European Ombudsman.
We will nevertheless respect the Ukrainian people’s right of self-determination.
It seems to me that some Members nevertheless find themselves in an extremely paradoxical situation, because no one can deny that the prospect of Turkey’s accession is a powerful lever to encourage democratisation.
Although I myself am more critical of Turkey’s accelerated accession, I nevertheless lend my strong support to adopting Mr Eurlings’s report.
I would like to underline that although freedom of religion is guaranteed by the Turkish constitution, non-Muslim religious communities nevertheless face a series of structural difficulties, such as the lack of a legal personality and the lack of full economic rights.
A stable, healthy and growing economy nevertheless requires instruments such as the Stability and Growth Pact.
But the authorities continue to pursue you and, nevertheless, you continue to try to keep the public aware of the right to freedom of expression and the need to exercise it.
Mr President, it is very late now and very few of us are left but nevertheless we are dealing with a very important issue.
That is not enough, but is nevertheless a big step forward and I should like to end on this happy note.
Curiously, it does not apply solely to political refugees, who should nevertheless be the only ones entitled to apply for asylum under the Geneva Convention.
Lastly, of course, there are the safeguard clauses which allow date slippage if Romania falls short of its requirements under the ; but nevertheless I fully support the Moscovici report and look forward to Romania joining us in the 25 Member States by 2007.
Our report does not mention the issue of the , which nevertheless presents a significant problem in terms of human resources.
Although President Iliescu and President Constantinescu, a one-time member of this European People’s Party, have not managed to put in place all of the necessary reforms, we must nevertheless acknowledge that they have brought relative institutional stability to the country.
It is a modest regulation in terms of its budget, but very ambitious in terms of its objectives; we all agree on the need to approve it but, nevertheless, we have spent a year and a half – perhaps much more – dealing with procedural and bureaucratic issues which have nothing to do with the fundamental issue, which is to approve it on time and properly so that the Commission may have an instrument allowing it to maintain the Regulation.
As far as the subsidies are concerned I must remind Parliament that even though we do not have the right – because of various international agreements – to legislate on movement of animals outside the territory, nevertheless the European Union has linked the export subsidies to animal welfare requirements during transport.
Some of us might have wanted to go one step further, or take one step less, but it is nevertheless going in the right direction.
This Constitution brings much progress with it; nevertheless, as our Group President, Mr Poettering, quite rightly said, it is lacking certain things.
The Italian newspapers have reported certain facts; nevertheless the Commission can and must remain within the scope of its legal powers, which do not include the power to subject the behaviour of judicial authorities to investigations or actions.
Do not let yourself be discouraged, Mr President-in-Office, for you are quite right to say that the development we are promoting and supporting in Ukraine is not a development in opposition to Russia, but we must nevertheless try to work together with Russia towards finding solutions.
The relationship is nevertheless unique and based not only on common interests and values, but also on competition.
It is a problem which certainly cannot be solved by a discussion on a Thursday afternoon in the Chamber of the European Parliament, but I should nevertheless like to draw your attention to a broader phenomenon in this part of the world - sex tourism.
It is not a meeting of the European Council in the real sense, but nevertheless, I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Juncker, and Mr Barroso for agreeing that the Presidency of the European Parliament should be present at this meeting, and I would like to acknowledge and express my gratitude for what they have done to bring this about and thus to strengthen the European Union’s institutional triangle, which I referred to just now.
Five of them belong to the euro area: Portugal, Germany, France, the Netherlands and Greece, together with the United Kingdom, to which the excessive deficit procedure does not apply, but which is nevertheless bound by the requirement laid down in Article 116(4) of the Treaty.
Because we reject this vision, which will be worsened by the European Constitution, and because, although we agree that we need to put an end to some blatant abuses, we nevertheless defend the legitimacy of certain public services, we will vote against this report.
This is nevertheless time for the Council and the Commission to take action in respect of Damascus and Teheran.
Important as the EU’s activities within the Commission on Human Rights may be, this is nevertheless not the only means at its disposal for promoting human rights.
Secondly, we accept that in the event of a Conservative government withdrawing from the CFP and returning fisheries management to local and national control many UK vessels will nevertheless continue to fish in EU waters out with the UK 200 mile limit.
The Moderate Partyis of the opinion that the EU is an important tool in the pursuit of a better environment, but there are nevertheless limits to its responsibility.
– I would, nevertheless, like to say a few words. The WTO Agreement is of course a very important one, and it expired on 31 December.
Although this proposal only deals with ‘B to C’, that is, ‘business to consumer’ relations, the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats is nevertheless pleased with the fact that this legislative document explicitly mentions that when an entrepreneur establishes that a competitor contravenes this directive, that that can be used by that entrepreneur to turn it into a case of unfair commercial practices, a case of distortion of competition, albeit in accordance with the national law of the country in question.
The Commission's response to the amendments tabled by the various groups this morning would nevertheless suggest that the entire focus remains on this regulation to transfer vessels.
Knowing that their country, which is already subject to sanctions, has suffered during the last several years, they nevertheless said they expected us to adopt a firm and tough attitude towards Togo if nothing happens to guarantee the holding of free elections.
The legal basis for such a proposal is nevertheless safety, and that objective is pursued through the establishment of standards for the essential conditions in the matter.
Mr President, in this commotion, it is difficult to explain in a few words that in the proposal which I tabled on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats to reject the De Rossa report does nevertheless recognise that the Commission proposal contains a number of positive elements, which it has never been my intention to do away with.
Although I said that the work of the Committee on Petitions is good on balance, it must nevertheless be said that individual Members sometimes see the work as positively unsatisfactory.
In the Union’s premier economy, that of Germany, which holds the absolute record for exports, unemployment has nevertheless exceeded the five-million mark.
Although when we look at the situation realistically it is not, on the whole, a dramatic one, nevertheless the resources for implementing the strategy require radical rethinking.
The question must nevertheless be approached with some caution, because when we speak of Europe the situation varies from one country to another.
. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, even though the ECOFIN meeting at the beginning of this week has still not finally resolved the issue of how the stability criteria are to be evaluated in the future, I do very much hope that the finance ministers will nevertheless come to an agreement before the European Council.
I should nevertheless like to thank you for your intervention.
Thus, without wishing to paint an idyllic picture of our relations they are a long way from that and without ignoring the subjects on which it will be the EU's duty to return to the attack, it nevertheless seems possible to take the view that this summit made it possible to demonstrate more effectively the important points of convergence that are providing a structure for transatlantic dialogue.
Although we agree, then, on the need to aim for increased funding, I do believe that we should nevertheless bear in mind that a great deal of money still comes from the national research budgets, and that the Member States should increase these.
Although on this question we have no legislative powers, and can only voice our opinion, I nevertheless trust that the Commission and the Council will take this opinion into account.
While special attention must be devoted to terrorist crimes – barbaric crimes – the war on terrorism nevertheless remains inextricably linked to the protection of fundamental rights in our democracies.
The way the Committee voted did, however, show beyond any doubt that there is nevertheless a broad consensus among this House’s transport policy-makers as regards the rest and driving times regulation, which was adopted by two thirds of the votes, while the control directive received almost four fifths.
As for catalytic converters, it is true that there was not yet any final legal decision, but they were nevertheless put in place as soon as industry supplied them.
I have nevertheless voted yes, so as not to mix up my protests with those of the opponents of enlargement.
There is nevertheless no disputing the fact that the recyclability of automobiles and the avoidance of waste are important objectives for Europe’s environmental policies.
We in the EU nevertheless have to do all we can to promote a wholesome sports and physical exercise culture.
While it is therefore premature to discuss this agency here, I would nevertheless like to stress that, given the scale of the task, there will never be too many of us concerned with protecting and defending human rights.
Its usefulness is very relative, Mr President, but nevertheless, this report says some very important things.
I should like to point out just one aspect that, in our opinion, is particularly important: in spite of the commitments undertaken by the Commission, including those of recent times, we must nevertheless note that in some Member States and candidate countries young Roma are often segregated in schools for the mentally disabled or sent to classes for children with learning difficulties.
We nevertheless agree with this law, even if it is not necessary for us.
Secondly, it is nevertheless advisable to place a caveat on this observation and this success and to criticise the lack of scope given to the Member States in applying this European law.
Greater familiarity will afford a more prominent place for high-quality films which may not necessarily be made to attract the broad mass of viewers, but whose mission is nevertheless diminished if the viewer is not capable of recognising quality.
I must perhaps offset the pessimism and negative analysis expressed in certain quarters, since if it is true that progress in the achievement of these projects has up to now, since the Maastricht Treaty, been insufficient, a number of them have nevertheless been carried out or are on course to be carried out since the 1994 European Council in Essen, if my memory serves me well.
Although you may be inclined to be sympathetic to Amendments 10, 11 and 12, tabled by the Union for Europe of the Nations Group, I would nevertheless advise you to vote against them.
We believe that the opt-out would be proper in a Europe without rules, but we are nevertheless in favour of making European rules flexible.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs nevertheless proposes that Member States may authorise the calculation of the inactive parts of on-call time in a specific manner in order to comply with the maximum weekly working time.
That is therefore nevertheless a very important factor.
In the limited time available to me, I should like to touch upon an issue which may be minor, but is nevertheless of great importance.
Average production in Poland from 1999 until 2001 was 107 317 tonnes; nevertheless, a quota of 144 985 tonnes was granted to Poland.
. I regret that I am unable to say anything other that what I have already said, but nevertheless I have taken full note of the Member’s comments.
To most, that appeared to be a bridge too far, but I would nevertheless claim that the success of the External Affairs Minister and the influence he will be able to exert will largely depend on the way in which he fits in with the Commission and works with it.
The translation of linear import levies into common percentage-based tariffs, based on the value of the products, is a careful, but nevertheless, important step in the direction of a blanket agreement on trade in agricultural products.
Some people described it as the ship of unemployment, the job-destruction ship; nevertheless, a prominent business leader pointed out that our great challenge was to ensure that that ship did not return to China empty, but full of our products for that immense and growing market.
The European – and Belgian – textile and clothing businesses have, nevertheless, largely adapted to the new competition.
Let me also express once again our gratitude for the support and solidarity shown by the vast majority of you, and in saying that I am thinking particularly of those who do not always agree with me ideologically but who have nevertheless made a point of distancing themselves from this type of political manoeuvre against the Commission.
We very much regret, nevertheless, that the threshold for cash payments was not reduced to EUR 10 000 and that the threshold for percentage share holdings remains at 10%.
Ladies and gentlemen, although to all appearances this is a simple technical solution, its impact will nevertheless be great.
That posed the twin problem of safety, which must nevertheless be guaranteed, and of possibly allowing an alternative service.
I nevertheless hope that Parliament will vote in favour of this report tomorrow by a very large majority.
We must nevertheless make it more competitive; we aim to increase competitiveness, create jobs and take our environmental responsibilities seriously.
Although this total is less than the Commission’s initial proposal, the figures for each heading nevertheless represent on average increases of between 5% and 18% annually compared to 2006.
I do not suppose that this is one of the main points of the present discussion, but we nevertheless wish to underline it.
In this connection it nevertheless needs to be said that switching to joint financing of agriculture will be a realistic move, if not for this financial perspective, then at least for those to follow.
It is true that contradictions and different points of view have been expressed in this House, but I think that our vote tomorrow will nevertheless express Parliament’s will.
Secondly, while the programme does not establish specific measures for the conservation of the common cultural heritage of border regions, it nevertheless contributes to disseminating know-how and promoting good practices in the field of conservation and preservation of this common cultural heritage.
Although at first glance this regulation will not bring with it any major demands or changes in terms of border controls, it is nevertheless an important piece in the mosaic of measures against terrorism.
While it is true that this type of intra-Community movement represents only a small proportion of the total intra-Community movements of excisable products, it must nevertheless be stressed that they mainly involve the European citizens and small and medium-sized companies.
This is moving forward, as you know, the provision of information about access to healthcare is more an issue for the Member States, but we shall, nevertheless, include it in our health portal.
We must note, today, that Declaration 30 nevertheless provides for a situation in which, at the end of the ratification period, several countries have not managed to complete this procedure.
These financial perspectives may not reflect all the ambitions of one party or another, but they will nevertheless enable the EU to take action in the interests of competitiveness, employment, economic and social cohesion, better protection of the environment and internal security and in favour of a more active international role.
Such an action would have serious Argentina-style results for Italy but could, nevertheless, be seen as the best course of action.
With this in mind, I call on you to vote against Amendment 10 tabled by our rapporteur, whom I nevertheless congratulate on the tireless work that she has carried out, and I call on you to vote in favour of our Amendment 34.
We forget rather too easily that there are, nevertheless, fundamental achievements in this agricultural policy.
President Barroso is not present, but I would like to remind him, nevertheless, that we also pay a price for inactivity.
This means that unnecessary barriers to open source software development should not be erected, nevertheless taking into account the fact that patents are crucially important to many European companies.
I would, nevertheless, like to present the other side of the coin.
. Mr President, first of all, I should like to add my own thanks to the rapporteur for all the work she – together with the other Members – has done, but I should nevertheless like to make a few observations concerning the proposal on which we will be voting later.
The agreement was signed nevertheless and this House subsequently took the Commission and the Council to court.
These priorities are nevertheless absent from the draft, and most conspicuously so from the Council proposals.
We intend to table an amendment to ensure that there are not too many strict filters, but that these are nevertheless effective and capable of protecting our children.
I can understand that, but nevertheless, the Union does have close links with the countries responsible for the scandal I am referring to.
There has been a degree of cynicism about this change of approach, but nevertheless it represents some sort of step forward in the relations between the United States and the Middle East.
As rapporteur on the European neighbourhood policy, I believe that it is nevertheless important to keep Syria engaged in dialogue with the EU and to encourage the process of democratisation and observation of fundamental human rights which Syria has signed up to in its international obligations - obligations which it must meet if it really wants to enjoy a beneficial EuroMed action plan in future.
Although, as a new member on the Committee on Fisheries, I missed the debates on the Comoros, I would nevertheless like to make two points.
We have, unfortunately, been obliged to choose between the devil and the deep blue sea, so, despite these concerns, we will nevertheless vote in favour of the amended proposal, because it can vastly improve the position of asylum seekers, because Amnesty International was relatively positive about it, and because we hope that it will put an end to the disgraceful Lampedusas of Europe.
I give my full support to the rapporteur, who, while noting that the most recent proposals drafted by the Commission in favour of the outermost regions are promising, nevertheless calls on it to be more active in exercising the right of initiative accorded to it under the Treaties, with regard to the cohesion policy, of course, but also to other Community policies and more generally to areas important for the development of the outermost regions.
Even if the Swiss Institute for Comparative Law’s study is just a preliminary study on all systems, it is quite clear that contracting all the economic aspects to a university centre with companies such as Stanley Leisure, Gala Group, London Clubs International or the Camelot Group on its administrative board is nevertheless, in my opinion, far from being as objective as it should be.
There are nevertheless huge risks attached to opening negotiations with Turkey.
Unemployment is nevertheless now far below average in the regions concerned. That is precisely because there were no subsidies to preserve the existing structure.
Whilst we fully support the aims of the Rapporteur in ensuring a reduction in road traffic accidents, we nevertheless feel the best way to achieve this is through an exchange of best practice between Member States rather than legislation at a European level.
The problem we are facing is critical, but nevertheless I am sure that the Maltese authorities will continue to do their utmost to aid and protect these unfortunate people who in the vast majority of cases flee their countries for political, social and economic reasons.
It is nevertheless important to continue working towards cooperation and dialogue, so as to try to make the democratic process a reality.
Their face changes as necessary, but inside, Neo-Nazis, national Bolsheviks, neo-Stalinists and so on are nevertheless brothers in arms.
. – Mr President, although this is a very lonely debate, it is nevertheless a very important piece of legislation because it deals with what we knowingly – or in many cases, unknowingly – ingest.
Despite all the difficulties to which Mr Seeber referred, this has already made it possible for much to be achieved, but we should nevertheless keep trying to persuade the public of the advantages that the Ombudsman can offer in bringing to light those abuses in European administration that are rather more serious than the case just described by Mr Martinez, and in following these problems up.
Commissioner, on the orders of the public prosecutor, the police on the island of Mallorca are investigating the illegal transportation of prisoners; it has taken great efforts to do so, but nevertheless, all of the police investigations are moving in exactly the same direction as previous journalistic investigations.
Our present age is one of remarkable development coupled with infuriating stagnation; of possibilities that open up a better future but also of threatening germs; of an increase in wellbeing that nevertheless has led to the emergence of new diseases.
I believe that the issue is being dealt with as if the whole policy of chemical products ended with REACH; nevertheless, the policy on chemical products, if it is intended to promote the health and wellbeing of the citizens, must complement other Union policies and other policies of the countries and, therefore, we cannot take the view that everything begins and ends with REACH.
These three countries are nevertheless at a standstill in terms of internal growth.
My problem with what a number of colleagues have said is that people refer to the need for change and then say that the future for the European Union nevertheless lies in the past.
I would nevertheless point out that this commitment means an increase of EUR 20 billion a year by 2010 and EUR 46 billion a year in 2015.
This is what nevertheless seems to me to be a goal to achieve over and above any religious, ideological and philosophical divisions.
It should nevertheless be considered a small step in the right direction.
Let me nevertheless stress that it is for Member States to take the final decision.
It does nevertheless need to be prevented, and the Commission cannot be often enough praised for its rational and balanced response.
We have nevertheless succeeded in getting the fact that the compulsory licence is issued for humanitarian and not for commercial reasons taken into account when that remuneration is calculated.
My group does, nevertheless, have a problem with the regulation.
In a way, this report presents us with a paradox: I hope that we can reach agreement on the Bersani report, but it nevertheless conceals some differences of opinion.
Our aim was to exercise discipline over expenditure while nevertheless showing an ability to shape policy, and I think we have succeeded in doing that.
I do, nevertheless, want to remind the House that difficult negotiations in the Council on the financial perspective lie before us.
As permanent rapporteur for the Structural Funds within the Committee on Budgets, I might nevertheless have hoped that the Council would have granted more appropriations to all of these financial instruments, which remain the cornerstone of our policies aimed at reducing territorial disparities.
Well, evidence of such nevertheless abounds in this affair.
I am nevertheless pleased with the statements I have heard today, especially those from the Commission.
It is nevertheless ineffective because it does not specify any method for implementing these provisions.
Finally, in the face of an attack on the Union’s system of own resources, Parliament only has the right to protest, according to the Treaties; nevertheless, please be in no doubt that the existence of the financial perspective does depend on Parliament.
Both countries have encountered problems, which can nevertheless be overcome.
My own group consistently attaches a great deal of importance to the multilateral negotiating round and I am very much in favour of it, but it must nevertheless be clear to us that bilateral negotiations are of value too.
While the real purpose of that agreement was to arrive at a common political line, the way it was immediately exploited by the various signatories in the media as meaning that the reform had been settled ahead of schedule nevertheless sends a clear message: I believe it expresses the desire of the Commission and the Council to bypass the European Parliament, whose prior opinion is nevertheless mandatory before any decision is taken.
We must nevertheless accept that we live in an interconnected world, and that stubborn insistence on the status quo is certainly not a viable alternative.
The regulation now before us, which extends the scope of the provisions of the Århus Convention to Community level, is nevertheless in danger of acquiring some worrying features.
Against the backdrop of these transparent attempts to ignore the express will of the French and Dutch electorate, I should nevertheless like to express my appreciation for a number of amendments tabled by both rapporteurs.
There is nevertheless still also a westward flow of genuine innocent Chechen refugees caught up in this brutal war.
The gradual, systematic and nevertheless individual introduction of EU standards and rules should and will be pursued.
Although I am sure he is familiar with this document, I would nevertheless like to quote an extract from it: 'The Union is founded on the principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law, principles which are common to the Member States'.
I share Mr Onesta’s opinion that this is a balanced draft, a proposal that permits liveliness and nevertheless ensures the smooth conduct of business.
I did, nevertheless, vote in favour of this report, but only to avoid siding with the opponents of a more integrated Europe with greater solidarity.
It is nevertheless a fact – and we must acknowledge this – that our options are limited if Cuba does not show at least a minimum level of goodwill.
There will be further discussions about it, but nevertheless I would not want this to go by without congratulating the Commission overall for the direction in which it is trying to take this.
I regret that somewhat, but I will nevertheless be voting in favour.
As for the report itself, while I have to say that I do not know of anyone in this House who is opposed to animal welfare – everyone is, of course, in favour of it – I do nevertheless have my doubts about this proposal, because I think there is room for improvement.
A great deal of work has been done on this matter, but there are nevertheless some real shortcomings in the justifications of this text.
It, too, has helped to stabilise prices in particular, but in the next few years we shall have to walk a tightrope between greater security of supply – and ultimately also giving investors the security of recovering their investments through long-term contracts – and nevertheless creating more of a European internal market in energy, also integrating South East Europe, Ukraine too, and perhaps even Russia.
We nevertheless give priority to the need to vote.
The debate on the report is nevertheless overshadowed by the Council’s terrible proposal for the EU’s financial perspective for the next seven-year term.
Whilst it follows that not everyone in my country is pleased with the proposed European globalisation fund, I should nevertheless like to express my support for it, and would wish to add that I think that we should draw on existing ESF structures as much as we can.
Extradition and the application of the European Arrest Warrant continue, nevertheless, to be options in other areas in which only double criminality is checked in order for the European Arrest Warrant to come into play.
We must nevertheless insist that the provision of information remains relevant and appropriate.
I shall be tabling another oral amendment tomorrow, which, whilst refraining from specifying an amount, nevertheless refers to a maximum sum.
These comments aside, we are nevertheless prepared to support the report in its entirety, and we await the forthcoming debate on the implementation acts.
It was similarly significant that an even bigger number refused to vote for the joint resolution, which was nevertheless adopted by the majority.
. I will be supporting this resolution, along with my colleagues in the Socialist Group and the Labour delegation, but nevertheless I must point out a key omission in the section on energy policy, namely tidal power.
We will nevertheless do so, but we must also make it very clear that actions like those witnessed yesterday run totally counter to the search for a peaceful outcome.
The message of my group, nevertheless, is that President Barroso, the Commissioner and their colleagues should not be caught napping in the situation we now find ourselves in, with the mergers, acquisitions and developments we see in the financial markets, energy and other sectors – sectors that are all very important for the European economy.
The fact is that we are living in a global world, but nevertheless fair competition can only be afforded if the same requirements and rules apply within the WTO and are put into practice.
Whilst I can support the gist of the report, I should nevertheless like to make three observations.
On the other hand, it must nevertheless be said that the events of the recent past in particular show that the belief in boundless tolerance, which is so widespread today, is misguided.
Again, I am not sure if inclusion or specific provision in the programme is the best way to achieve this; nevertheless, in specific actions, in specific initiatives and legislation, we should take into account the particular needs of vulnerable groups, children for example.
In terms of quality, I cannot add anything, but nevertheless I would like to say a few words about Luisa Morgantini’s report.
Although I say that with all due caution, what we have here is nevertheless a truly significant and decisive project.
. Mr President, this report by Mr Brok is formally technical, but nevertheless very important.
The common European energy policy, while of course retaining the sovereignty of the individual Member States, must nevertheless be a new quantity.
The way the Council functions does, of course, make this more difficult to some degree, since there are various things that are not as stable as they are in Parliament or in the Commission, but I do nevertheless believe that, in a debate such as this one – without wanting to offend the Austrian Presidency – one ought to be able to expect a much more serious approach to be taken to this.
I want to say how much I am in agreement with Mr Rosati: It would indeed be much to be desired, when considering these important issues, for the Council, which alone is competent to act on many of these issues in the context of the Lisbon Strategy, to apply itself with greater earnestness to this matter and if the debates in this House were not to be in the hands only of its own Members and the Members of the Commission, and, while it is indeed the case that the Commission does have an important function to perform in ensuring that the measures already adopted at Council level are actually implemented by the Member States, we must nevertheless be honest, for – as we shall probably see later on when considering the Őry report – what matters at the end of the day is that the Member States should keep to what they themselves once decided.
We did this out of a desire to express solidarity with our colleagues in promoting our group’s concerns, whilst nevertheless remaining convinced that employment policy is not a matter for the EU, and that this should be dealt with by the Member States rather than by us here in Strasbourg or in Brussels.
As you have said yourselves, the budget is not what we expected when the Commission put the proposal on the table, nevertheless, in addition to those restricted financial means, there are also efforts to work with neighbouring countries, or regions next to our outermost regions, to find political solutions to some of the problems.
The text for a regulation now adopted by the Conciliation Committee will encourage the continued development of alternative technologies and the adoption of existing technologies, nevertheless making possible sustainable operational models to achieve the objective.
I have no answer to your specific question as to how that matter was concluded, but I nevertheless believe that wrong remains wrong.
I should like to turn to the example of Ethiopia, where despite the fact that it is the largest recipient of external aid, which accounts for almost 25% of the country's public budget, there have nevertheless been serious breakdowns in the rule of law, democracy and human rights.
In this field, we must be far more enthusiastic in our support of a number of initiatives, such as ‘Publish What You Pay’ or the initiative of the extractive industries, which nevertheless have the disadvantage of being based solely on voluntary participation.
What I would like to say to you, however, Mr Meyer, most affectionately and frankly, is that when I vote or speak on my own behalf or on behalf of my political group, I do so in full acceptance of any significance it may have, and, although I have never asked you for this, I would nevertheless be willing to change the reference to the Euro-Latin American free-trade area for the reference requested by Mr Romeva, who is not currently in the Chamber, and replace it with an area of global inter-regional partnership, in the three paragraphs in question, which are paragraphs 6, 21 and 66.
Although Mr Klinz’ report does a splendid job of listing what these are and gives a good overview of the diverse forms of business and products that asset managers and their marketing companies offer and sell to an ever larger customer base, it is nevertheless the case that the lack of rules on supervision and transparency in this field encourages dubious practices.
If you do not reject this motion as inadmissible, I would nevertheless ask that it be thrown out altogether on the grounds of irrelevance.
When I think back to how some talked about nothing but their own status as net contributors, while others, who had got five billion, nevertheless complained about not getting ten billion more, so that that ten billion became the sole subject of discussion and was taken as evidence of a lack of European solidarity, then we cannot be surprised to find the state of affairs that we do at grassroots level at the present time.
Although it is contrary to our voting list, I would nevertheless like to ask my honourable colleagues to vote in favour of this amendment as well as in favour of the whole report in the second vote.
But the anomaly is that although our citizens have one of the best – if not the best – telephone systems in the world, both fixed and mobile, nevertheless when they cross a border they are somehow punished for doing so and cannot take advantage of the common market.
What measures do you plan to take if this bad material nevertheless continues to be found on the Internet?
She has called on the Commission to develop a kind of roadmap, which, while it has not been discussed in this house officially, will nevertheless guide us in tackling the difficult topic of BSE and TSE in the future.
We will nevertheless be voting in favour of this Interinstitutional Agreement, since it is the only compromise possible under the current circumstances.
He was working under difficult circumstances, but nevertheless enjoyed Parliament’s undivided confidence throughout.
Although this compromise, like every other of its kind, has its weak points, it is nevertheless a step forward and one worth supporting.
The Commission nevertheless considers that the fund must remain limited to public emergency intervention.
These proposals do, nevertheless and very rightly, remind us of the importance of preventative action.
I would nevertheless like to make a few observations.
I am sure that you, Mr President, will understand that I – although this is a biological impossibility – nevertheless take pride in this particular honour, and in the fact that the extreme Right applauded this form of words.
The economy of the European Union cannot afford to neglect this potential, which is not concentrated exclusively in large centres of research but nevertheless has the critical mass to attain excellence.
We should all pray that they do go to waste, that we do not have a health crisis and will never actually need to use them, but nevertheless it is a good investment in preparedness, both for natural pandemics and for bioterrorism.
While I far prefer Commissioner Kroes to Commissioner Michel, that has less to do with him than with her, but I would nevertheless like to ask why he is not here today.
I have already stated this in my introductory statement, but nevertheless I hope you will allow me to say it one more time.
The voting in my group was fairly consistent, that in the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats fairly inconsistent, but nevertheless a majority recognised that the EU is founded upon the rule of law – and I would ask the President-in-Office to convey that message to the Council in preparation for the meeting with George Bush.
There has to date been no evidence of this foaming having any detrimental effect on the Raab’s water system, yet, nevertheless, Austria, not least as a result of the efforts of my experts, in its report analysing the pollution and its effects in accordance with Article 5 of the Water Framework Directive creating a regulatory framework for Community measures in the sphere of water policy, described the chemical state of the affected stretch of the Raab as being associated with the risk of failing to achieve a good standard of water.
It does, nevertheless, make sense to take joint basic measures in matters of security.
The conditions for use of this practice are nevertheless awaiting approval by the Wine Management Committee.
There are nevertheless two points to which I would again like to draw your attention in conclusion.
As a member of this Parliament’s Committee on Transport, I would nevertheless like to express a few regrets, stressing one point in particular.
Despite all the appreciation I have for Mrs Lucas herself, my amazement was nevertheless considerable when I read the final version of her report which is totally devoid of any realism or workable solutions.
. Mr President, Europe is rich in history and, even if the European Parliament must not seek to play the role of the sole keeper of the truth about the past, it is nevertheless important for the future of European integration that Parliament should feel responsible for Europe’s collective memory, which is the principal factor constituting European unity.
I am, nevertheless, in favour of large parts of the report on which we are voting.
Today, of course, we are taking a less spectacular decision, but one that is nevertheless long overdue, in that this House, at second reading, will be agreeing to the harmonisation of technical regulations for inland vessels, thus bringing to an end a legislative process that has been going on for nine years now.
We endorse the view expressed by Mr Grosch and Mrs Wortmann-Kool in their amendment on the subject, that certain types of vessel are subject to two sets of legislation, and, even though we have now been advised that the two sets of legislation are quite different, we do nevertheless think that the amendment is sound, and what we would welcome at the earliest possible opportunity is the revision of the technical annexes of the relevant directives in order to remove the duplication.
I do nevertheless think that we have succeeded, here too, in defining a provisional platform that, for many countries, amounts to a marked improvement in safety standards.
It is this approach that is jeopardising the social and environmental objectives, which we are nevertheless trying to achieve.
Both legislators will nevertheless have to make progress. A small amount of progress, since there has already been a great deal of convergence, but progress will still always have to be made.
With reference to the interim report under discussion, I would nevertheless like to emphasise that the Treaties do not bestow competence on the European Union in such matters as these, and national intelligence is not within the scope of application of the Treaty, because the Member States have unanimously decided to reserve the task of monitoring the work of national intelligence services for themselves.
I should nevertheless like to point out that there has been more hypothesis than proof to date.
I can nevertheless assure you that the important role played by the Western Balkans in the European debate will also be continued during our Presidency.
However, there are five important agreements that were reached during the negotiations which are not reflected in the amendments in front of you, but which nevertheless form an integral part of the compromise achieved.
On the other hand, however, the content of the proposal, on which Parliament has nevertheless succeeded today in issuing its opinion, enables me to express the support of my entire group for a long-awaited initiative that has already been warmly praised in the past by Italy’s centre-right government.
The European Union’s human rights policy must nevertheless be founded on exactly the same rules in different parts of the world.
The Council nevertheless increased appropriations in the External Borders Fund, because it regards this as a major political priority.
Administrative expenditure is nevertheless 3.4% up on the figure in the 2006 budget.
Although I have to say that the connection between the honourable Member’s question and the problem of insolvency law, which we are discussing, is not one I find easy to perceive, I am nevertheless able to answer it.
I think that you, and I am addressing the Minister when saying this, noticed that most of the questions raised, and remarks made, on this platform spring from genuine concern about the fact that the EU ... I am not doubting your sincerity or your awareness of what needs to be done, but I am nevertheless concerned – will be unable to complete all the difficult tasks it will be given within the time available, which is three to six months, not years.
We must nevertheless remember that each country’s progress towards EU accession stands or falls on its own merits in its attempts to meet EU requirements.
The Presidency may nevertheless have an important job to do in raising these issues, especially while the work of the Council of Ministers is being organised.
It is nevertheless very important that there should be a good deal of two-way communication within the framework of this strategic partnership.
On the basis of discussions held so far, we now propose to draft a more focused proposal for a framework decision, about which it nevertheless has to be said that it will hardly have had time to be drawn up before the next presidency is behind the wheel.
Of course, the differences between our political systems mean that there are limits to cooperation, but, nevertheless, the EU must view good relations as a central priority for this partnership, and I think, Commissioner, that - as Mr Coveney has already said - you have, today, struck this balance extraordinarily well.
I do nevertheless regard this report as important, in that it attempts to raise awareness of the diversity of European culture and of Europe’s cultural heritage.
According to public opinion, Ilves was the overwhelming favourite of the Estonian population in the contest with the sitting president, but nevertheless the elections were close, due to the regulations of the electoral body.
Speaking personally, I prefer politicians who summon up the courage to utter unpopular truths to those who want to carry on papering over things that need to be brought out into the open, so I think one can think what one will about Mr Gyurcsány, but it nevertheless has to be said that he had the courage to say things that others – including you, Mr Szájer – evidently do not want to say.
We should nevertheless question, though, whether we in the European Union are on the right track and whether the legislation we are drafting is not symbolic.
Following this preliminary display of agreement in the Council, the three largest groups made a more spruced up compromise proposal, which would nevertheless still postpone the entry into force of norms for longer than that in the proposal by the EC Council of Ministers.
Accordingly, whilst we Dutch Christian Democrats subscribe to the thrust of the Ferber report with regard to spending of the 2004 Parliament budget, as prepared and adopted in the Committee on Budgetary Control, I should nevertheless like to make a few observations, which I see in isolation from the Ferber report, not least because he has done an excellent job with regard to Strasbourg.
We therefore suggest that the Commission revise and reformulate its proposal, while nevertheless maintaining the objectives.
Lastly, this report does not reflect the ambitions we have nevertheless clearly expressed in environmental matters, both in the international arena and to the European public.
The Court of Justice nevertheless also held that there was still a need to determine whether or not the measures adopted following the lawful approval of the regulation were actually applied.
While the implementation of the Lisbon Agenda is largely a matter for the Member States, I am nevertheless pleased that the strategic guidelines set out an ambitious programme for growth and jobs, which we hope will be realised throughout the European Union.
This proposal may well be well-intentioned, but it is nevertheless not a good one; it is a party-political compromise lacking sufficient vision.
This also raises the problem of the States that are not Members of the European Union but that nevertheless ratified that convention.
I found it easy to vote in favour of this report, for the statements that I did not want to see incorporated, yet which nonetheless have been, and which I have just enumerated, are quite obviously so nonsensical that the report, taken as a whole, nevertheless represents a good reflection of this House’s position.
Its capacity and resources are nevertheless insufficient to confront the enormous challenges that Darfur presents.
I am pleased that he is nevertheless moving towards Parliament in a number of areas.
I will presently turn to the subject in hand, but I would first like to repeat my strong condemnation of the silencing of a Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development who did not ask for this time slot, but who is nevertheless here and seriously engaging with us in debate.
. – Mr President, the importance of political, economic and cultural dialogue between Europe and Asia cannot, of course, be underestimated, and I am still surprised that the two major groups in this House have nevertheless decided not to bring in a resolution following on from the ASEM summit in Helsinki on 10/11 September.
It is nevertheless vitally important to ensure that Europe can make good use of investment so that research work leads to new, better and commercially exploitable goods and services.
We would like to do more, as the amendments show, but the plan is, nevertheless, a solid beginning of a comprehensive EU policy in this area.
It is nevertheless important that this kind of independent agency for fundamental human rights, the Human Rights Agency, should be set up in the EU.
For this reason, while I voted in favour of the whole package of amendments to Mrs Gál's report, I nevertheless came down in favour of deferring the final vote to let the Council reconsider its position.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, even though the primary reason why SIS II is needed is that it enables the citizens of the new Member States to avail themselves of their right to unrestricted freedom of movement within the EU, my group will nevertheless be voting against the draft legislation, and there are two reasons why we have decided to do that.
Although the Treaties state that, in conjunction with the Member States, the European Union shall work to protect and promote the health of European citizens, we nevertheless need to give greater emphasis to the phrase 'in conjunction', because the EU's guidelines and recommendations have not been taken sufficiently into account.
The new programme does, nevertheless, incorporate three priorities.
We in the Committee on Development have managed to get the funds from the preliminary draft budget reinstated, to keep the budget transparent, and to produce a report that is already in line with our colleague Mr Mitchell's on development cooperation instruments, but I have nevertheless tabled two amendments in the plenary, which were not, however, adopted by the Committee on Budgets.
Although, as Mrs Gröner has just said, the budget for the period from 2007 to 2013 provides EUR 885 million for the 'Youth in Action' programme on the basis of the Interinstitutional Agreement on the Financial Perspective for the same period, I would nevertheless like to remind the House that the amount envisaged in the Commission's original proposal was EUR 913 million, and, this House having demanded an increase to EUR 1.1 billion, we have now, in the Common Position, ended up with EUR 885 million.
Implementation of the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy is overemphasised as a factor of great importance to young people; we, nevertheless, must not forget that young people themselves play a very significant role in implementing these objectives.
I admire men and women who must have experienced the deep sorrow that these victims have been through and who nevertheless come out and demand an end to the death, to the violence and to the downward spiral.
Although this was a small step forward, it was nevertheless an important step towards a uniform, long-term policy on Russia.
(DE) Mr President, much as I would like to see improvements to the Schengen Information System, I have nevertheless voted against the Coelho report, believing as I do that an emergency solution to the immediate extension of the Schengen area - as mooted by the new Member States of the EU - needs to be firmly rejected.
They, in Amsterdam, were aware of the waste's toxic nature; nevertheless, due to high costs, the cheap alternative of disposal in Ivory Coast was chosen.
Most of the cases do not make big headlines but they can, nevertheless, pose a serious risk to the environment and human health.
They were difficult, but they nevertheless resulted in a much-revised draft that laid down, for example, the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the fight against terrorism.
In my country, due to its mountainous nature, canals and rivers are used more for carrying irrigation and drinking water than for transport, but we nevertheless are aware of and support the initiatives relating to the navigable stretch of the Guadalquivir from Seville to the sea, which is also hoping to be included in the trans-European network.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Services Directive is one of the most important directives in terms of the freedom to provide services, making possible, on the one hand, fair competition among service-providing enterprises right across Europe, while also, on the other, containing unambiguous rules for the protection of the posted workers, and also setting down minimum standards applicable to all, while nevertheless providing sufficient flexibility to enable these standards to be enforced by the various national systems.
Now, 16 years later, the spirit of coercion has nevertheless been unleashed, because the current government unfortunately saw fit to use intimidation in order to attain its goals, thereby suppressing democratic opposition.
The Commission nevertheless has definite problems with the list of definitions proposed by the Committee on the Environment.
Although in Hungary milk production is primarily in the hands of large-scale industries and is competitive, nevertheless it would not be in the interests of our country either to abolish the quota system.
Although voluntary modulation is less desirable than compulsory modulation on account of the possible distortion of competitive relations between European farmers, the Dutch Labour Party can go along with it nevertheless, because it represents a step in the right direction.
We would rather have seen a framework directive on social services, but will nevertheless be looking to see whether the proposals brought forward also take into account the effects of existing European legislation on the future of services.
Although its activities in recent years have produced excellent results, it must nevertheless be noted that this programme is facing administrative problems connected to its cross-border nature and to the fact that it is supported by a number of different sources of funding.
However, at the risk of seeming somewhat unrealistic, I should nevertheless like to add that we obviously need to ensure that the support and reintegration measures, whatever they may be, do not appear to favour migrants who return to their countries over those who do not leave.
(FI) Mr President, Mrs Lehtomäki, we nevertheless have precedents for the Council including in its agenda supposed or impending human rights violations on the part of one Member State.
I would nevertheless still like to mention some forthcoming measures that are presently being discussed with regard to this matter, in particular by the International Whaling Commission.
Although today we all want to look to the future, I would nevertheless like to raise one or two matters that arose during the drafting process.
The common objective and intention to develop the internal market has nevertheless remained unchanged.
We have nevertheless achieved a compromise, through discussion, and one with which we can live, since this directive will finally open up the market in services, albeit only partially.
Whilst I do believe that the legal meaning of the Commission's interpretation is limited, I am very grateful to the Commission for its interpretation nevertheless, because I think, Commissioner, that the interpretation has a very strong political meaning - one of commitment by the Commission, about which my fellow Members and I are sure to remind this Commission and its successors.
In sum, I think that although we cannot be completely satisfied with the result, since the list of exclusions and limiting conditions is perhaps too long, the Directive nevertheless covers a wide spectrum of economic activities and will impose a certain discipline on EU members.
in writing. I voted, as one of UKIP's MEP's, for most of the amendments put forward by the EUL/NGL and Greens/EFA, because, within the limits of their understanding of the dangers of supra-nationalism, these amendments nevertheless recognised, and sought to obviate, the harm, which a lack of democratic, national control over the provision of services can wreak upon ordinary people and especially upon the less well off.
in writing. We voted for most of the amendments put forward by the GUE/NGL and Verts/ALE Groups because, within the limits of their understanding of the dangers of supra-nationalism, these amendments nevertheless recognised and sought to obviate the harm which a lack of democratic, national control over the provision of services can wreak upon ordinary people and especially upon the less well off.
Multilateral action on arms control and disarmament has nevertheless had to face enormous challenges in previous years, and the results achieved have been modest.
The Union's position is a balance between a realistic and an ambitious approach, nevertheless insisting on a comprehensive review of the Convention and practical improvements for its implementation.
Work is also nevertheless continuing with respect to Mr Barnier's proposals, and he has been invited to present his ideas at the Justice and Home Affairs Council on 5 December.
Cooperation between the Union and Russia must nevertheless be made to move in a more obvious direction.
The parties might nevertheless have realised that they could work together on the basis of the current agreement, which is still in force for the time being.
While it is in that context that we have to see it, the job must nevertheless be done in a properly craftsmanlike manner if it is to work.
The Presidency is nevertheless prepared to consider this addition too, if the Regulation can be adopted in its entirety at first reading.
The doubling has not happened, but we are nevertheless trying to produce a result.
Whilst we welcome the EP's demand on the importance of launching a wide debate on how to improve our effectiveness in this field, both procedurally and in practice, we nevertheless recognise and respect the significance for Member States in Council of agreeing how best to take this agenda forward.
Although it is true that, despite our best efforts, we have not managed to achieve the budgetisation of the EDF or to get officially involved in the comitology procedure, in order to keep a closer eye on the implementation of development policy, we should nevertheless be delighted at our many victories, the most important of which is the promotion of a generous view of development policy.
Although the circumstances with regard to groundwater can be very different and the effects do not always extend across the border, it is useful nevertheless to have the prospect of a sound groundwater directive.
While I agree with those who wish to safeguard the creativity and independence of writers, together with the quality of productions, I must nevertheless point out that, in 2007, and on the international market, this practice is a reality, and denying this fact means risking a loss of competitiveness, funding and market quotas.
Unfortunately, we also surely have to bear in mind that, although we have done all we can, our resources are nevertheless insufficient, perhaps, to improve the situation everywhere in the world.
Integration capacity is nevertheless an important factor to take into account in order to guarantee the success of enlargement.
Having said that, it is nevertheless necessary, and also possible to my mind, to learn from the way we have done things so far.
We have nevertheless long held the opinion that the Heads of State or Government should see the European Council conclusions as a genuine reflection of their discussions.
So there will be no Turkey Summit, but I hope that the leaders who will be present tomorrow and the day after will nevertheless realise that the door to Turkey is, and should remain, open and that the Commission and Council will need to make an extra effort to do something about the economic isolation of the Turkish Cypriots.
It is nevertheless the job of the national authorities to ensure that these safety regulations are also implemented.
It was a very difficult task, but he did nevertheless succeed in it, so warm congratulations are due to him.
We therefore very much welcome the fact that you are getting more action plans off the ground, Commissioner, that the German Council Presidency will be concentrating on energy and that countries such as Finland, for example, are taking a very non-ideological and nevertheless very successful approach to energy policy by investing very heavily in biomass and also in atomic power at the same time, because they have obviously recognised the signs of the times.
I have nevertheless voted in favour of the transitional arrangements, as failure to adopt these could lead to Bulgaria and Romania receiving nothing.
The fact nevertheless remains that the Constitutional Treaty is still on hold and that soon we will be handing the baton on to Germany.
Mr Wurtz, even though our opinions differ on many issues, we have nevertheless been fellow Members in this House since 1979.
Even though the Commission and Parliament have different roles, we nevertheless have a common goal, namely an EU that is strong and capable of action.
As you will be aware, negotiations with the USA on a successor agreement proved to be highly problematic, but it was nevertheless eventually possible to conclude them with an interim agreement due to expire on 3 July this year, which is on the basis of the third pillar and of the USA's undertaking given in respect of data protection, which had already been taken as a basis to the earlier agreement between the European Community and the United States.
I will nevertheless deliberately use some of the key points of your speech to make several specific proposals.
That is something we should take as an example when considering the reform of the way our House works; the Council, too, is capable of imposing limits on itself and nevertheless saying something worth hearing.
It is a pity that there are not more people here, but nevertheless I will make the three points.
It is true that some of the instruments in the current common market organisation are now inappropriate, or are not being used properly, but I nevertheless expect the Commission to take the time to work with the Member States to analyse the consequences of the abolition or replacement of those instruments, particularly distillation mechanisms.
I should like, nevertheless, to emphasise that this solidarity, valued at EUR 45 million, is of an exceptional and limited nature and requires certain conditions.
(DE) Mr President, while I would like to make it clear that the delegation of the Austrian People's Party has always been forthright in its advocacy of pro-active action to address climate change, we have nevertheless voted against this resolution on the grounds that it attempts to bring in nuclear power through the back door.
It has been a cause of great surprise to me that so few of the self-proclaimed opponents of nuclear power - in particular those belonging to the Socialist Group and the Group of the Greens - have nevertheless voted to endorse this report.
The law provides some facilitation of the registration procedure and abolishes registration fees but, nevertheless, the system as such is preserved.
Although Parliament and the Commission are in agreement, we must nevertheless be sure to emphasise this point, to emphasise the fact that we are beginning to see the positive results of the strategies implemented a few years ago.
(DE) Mr President, although I am sure that Mr Gahler is right to say that this is an important problem and one that we should not disregard, I do nevertheless believe that we should not drop the subject of Nigeria in favour of something else.
There is a deep unease about the European Union, and if you investigate that unease, you find there is a reason for it - not the only reason, but a reason nevertheless - and that is European bureaucracy.
Germany and a number of recalcitrant deficit-runners may well now be on the road to recovery, but I do not see that as an occasion for rejoicing, and all the less so in view of the fact that they, while benefiting from the surprising strong economic growth, are nevertheless considering extracting even more money from the consumers' pockets.
Some states which acceded to the NNWS have, nevertheless, sought to acquire nuclear weapons in the past and this, therefore, needs to be tackled.
Some of these demands were even more ambitious, but nevertheless you deserve applause, and this is what you will get from the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
But one of the areas that we have not yet been able to take forward is the question of the creation of political families in the Assembly so as to normalise the political debate away from the important, but nevertheless existential, questions of the Middle East, to the more mundane, but nevertheless terribly important issues of trade, of environment, of commerce, of transport - so many of the day-to-day issues which, I believe, should preoccupy us in our joint endeavours in making sense of our relationship across the Mediterranean.
It is also worthy of note that Germany did not share its pre-eminence in the field of machine tools, but this cooperation did nevertheless produce good results until the predominant ideology, which was one not so much of liberalism as of free trade, ended up privatising, in France and elsewhere, the great industrial flagships, particularly in aerospace, and the companies that benefited from this were English-speaking, based in the Netherlands and subject to Dutch law.
One of the concrete achievements is the birth of the Charter of Fundamental Rights itself, and although the Charter is far from complete, nevertheless adding legal force to it - let us say by subscribing to the European Charter of Fundamental Rights - would represent a much-needed step forward in the Community's defence of fundamental rights.
We have seen how China, even while under the yoke of a dictatorial communist regime, can nevertheless achieve staggering economic development when it embraces capitalist, free-market practices.
Even though progress has already been made with the measures the EU has taken - with the development of an integrated border management system and the establishment of a community code on the rules governing the movement of persons across any kind of borders, for example - the immigration figures nevertheless show that those measures are still not enough.
There is within ASEAN a gentle but nevertheless effective pressure to develop democracy and the rule of law further in Cambodia.
Everyone knows, though, that one of the things about democracy is that not everyone finds their views reflected in what comes out of the end; there are times when these things can be done only in parallel, and these things cannot all be reported on at the same time, but I do nevertheless believe that the public should be let in on what is now at stake, and that is why I have a request to make of your House.
Although disappointed that Members of the European Parliament, who represent Europe's citizens and peoples, were not involved in the Berlin Declaration, I do nevertheless welcome its confirmation of the desire to make progress with European integration, its proclamation of our values and the fact that it establishes the 2009 European elections as the political deadline for settling the institutional issues.
More effective and better supervision and cooperation among supervisors is a matter of necessity, but, nevertheless, if we want the ultimate result to be success, we do think that, at this stage of the development and profound transformation of financial markets, the opening of an interinstitutional debate on this subject is, without doubt, the best way of making headway.
At that time, too, there was the threat of a veto in the United Nations, but, nevertheless, we managed to act.
It nevertheless needs to be pointed out that this cannot apply to buildings.
For three of them, it was on ice in the Commission - not, admittedly, on Commissioner Verheugen's watch, but the Commission does nevertheless bear responsibility for this three-year delay.
I am aware that we must, after the case of corruption and scandals that we have had, be very wary, but, nevertheless, we should not overshoot the mark either.
Instead of wasting our time on Turkey, which is neither able nor willing to comply with the EU's requirements, yet nevertheless is impertinent enough to demand that it be given a date for its accession, I do believe that all our energies should be concentrated on bringing the negotiations with Croatia to a prompt conclusion.
The revision of the Directive, therefore, though not sufficient, is nevertheless necessary, because it is an instrument that is showing itself to be neither used nor useful in dealing with the extremely serious problems that we are seeing on the ground and which are turning a very significant proportion of the European population against each other and against Brussels.
Even though there were different views depending on the background of each contribution, there was nevertheless one common approach: there is added value if European action is taken in this respect.
That being said, the Council did nevertheless take up a number of our amendments in its compromise, and regular consultation of all the actors concerned is part of the overall agreement.
We should not, nevertheless, abandon this vital tool before it is time to do so.
(LT) I thank our Commission colleague for the answer and the hopes expressed that we will nevertheless find other, alternative sources of energy.
Though imperfect, like all compromises, this text will nevertheless make it possible to monitor more effectively the prohibitive tariffs set by operators on Community international communications.
Although the Commission has been quick to react to this challenge, I nevertheless expect that the reconstruction effort will still take a number of years.
Although it is in a minority in numerical terms, the European Union nevertheless plays a leading role in the Council and has established itself as a major player.
The general compromise package presented only yesterday by the President of the Human Rights Council certainly points in the right direction; while it needs improvement, from our perspective it is nevertheless a very good initial basis for negotiation.
The reason was that the group did not agree, by a small majority but a majority nevertheless, with the proposed definition of vodka contained in this proposal.
I should nevertheless like to make one observation.
The forces with whom we find ourselves talking may not, for the moment, be to our liking, but dialogue is nevertheless the only way to reach peaceful solutions.
I note, however, a certain unease regarding budget support which, nevertheless, is the preferred instrument of partnership, reflecting confidence between partners who are equal in terms of rights and duties.
on behalf of the ITS Group. - (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, although this comes as no surprise, it is nevertheless to be welcomed that the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly recognises in its report that the immigration issue will be dominating future relations between the EU and the developing world, and Africa in particular.
They are recommendations, nevertheless, and we have to acknowledge this weakness in the European system.
From a political point of view, it is nevertheless a regrettable decision.
A programme of this sort has nevertheless been agreed with Azerbaijan.
I nevertheless regret that clarity and transparency have been lost.
Even the famous Prince of Wales barometer, a copy of John Russel's royal barometer, nevertheless costing GBP 795, is already available without the slightest trace of mercury.
In the confidence-building measure of easing visa restrictions, we should nevertheless ensure that the old scandal is completely cleared up, and there will be no further abuse of the system.
On behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, I nevertheless have to say that I am sorry that the Committee on Transport and Tourism took only very little account of our committee's proposals.
My main observation is that soft-law instruments, which do not take on a legally binding nature but nevertheless produce certain indirect legal results, have proven adequate for the effective regulation of certain areas of Community activity - within the framework of the Community treaties, of course, and subject to the requirements laid down in those treaties.
A reaffirmation at this point that much progress has been made in the construction of a Single Market in the European Union is to state the obvious, yet nevertheless it is also important to reiterate, obvious though it may be, that there is still a long way to go.
Such a huge sum of money, EUR 400 million a year, is nevertheless impossible to find, given the current financial framework, and so we need a joint decision by Parliament and the Council.
We nevertheless have to remember what this process in Parliament is like generally.
I am nevertheless sorry that the Committee on Transport and Tourism omitted from the report certain key issues which the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy brought up.
Some Member States are continuing to oppose any such agreement, which unfortunately has to be unanimous and which simply follows on from a Court decision; they nevertheless continue to oppose it.
On one issue I nevertheless want to see EU action, and that is an upward adjustment of the taxation levels for alcohol across a broad front.
For my country, which has no experience of terrorist attacks, terrorism is nevertheless a challenge.
As a result I would nevertheless like to hear from the President-in-Office how the Council proposes to influence Russia to conserve Lake Peipsi's fish stocks as Estonia is doing?
Having expressed my support, I nevertheless believe that given that the Commission is preparing the most extensive review of the consumer acquis to date, Parliament could have solicited more modern, innovative and far-reaching changes, particularly in the following five priority areas:
There is concern, nevertheless, that the Election Commission's work programme presented in July 2007 will not be completed on time.
I am not 100% sure that we will ever achieve them, especially on the renewables side, but nevertheless it is a good aim.
I fully agree with what Commissioner Verheugen says about the fact that 100% safety and security can never be achieved; however - following on now from Mrs Gebhardt - we must nevertheless strive to achieve 100% safety.
This report, whilst not perfect, nevertheless strikes a balance between the needs of the producers and the obvious need to reform this sector.
In supporting the Commission's actions in this sphere, I would like to ask the Commissioner, although perhaps this question is a bit premature, but nevertheless, how are we to understand the arrangement whereby the Commission will implement the principle of partnership in this matter, in other words, what are the possible instruments of partnership?
This a very ambitious project, but I would nevertheless like to point out that if we in the European Union establish new institutions it might be very important that, before we do so, we ensure that existing institutions can obtain adequate funding.
Now whilst I understand that some reputable organisations like the RSPB in the UK use this system to fund their excellent work, nevertheless it cannot be right that we leave good land idle and pay farmers for keeping it that way.
While some real progress has been made, the digitisation of our cultural resources and their bringing online nevertheless remains very fragmented and relies on the various mechanisms that have been put in place by the Member States.
Because regardless of what we think of the drafting of the treaty - and our fellow member Mr Goebbels was rather harsh about this - we must at all costs nevertheless ensure that this step in European history is taken.
I would nevertheless like to mention my concern about agriculture in a broader context.
I would like to clarify that, even though transit was not a priority during traditional own-resources inspections between 2001 and 2006 when change was ongoing, nevertheless it was not being ignored.
First and foremost, in reply to your rapporteur, Mr El Khadraoui, it can nevertheless be said that the first stage produced a balanced agreement.
I hope the Council will support the basic ideas in this report, namely that the Commission's action plan is insufficient, that guidelines must be developed for optimising and developing airport capacity, that additional capacity is nevertheless required, and that words must be accompanied by action.
Whilst I accept that the political situation is one that is dictating the plight of the people of Gaza, nevertheless it is the people - men, women and children - who are suffering, and heaven knows what long-term effects this will have.
Three central European events, acts of opposition to the Soviet Union and Soviet-style Communist dictatorships - the Hungarian Revolution of '56, the Prague Spring of '68, and the Polish Solidarity (Solidarność) movement - have nevertheless become part of our common European history.
Although we should fully recognise the importance of alternative energy sources and their possible dominating role in the future, we should nevertheless develop a down-to-earth approach to nuclear energy and face the fact that 30% of the energy produced in the EU is produced by nuclear power plants.
These are positive steps forward, and we want to make capital of them now, but I would like nevertheless to say that not all the issues raised by Parliament, or its legitimate concerns, have necessarily met with the desired responses from the other institutions.
The latter nevertheless stood firm and adopted an appropriate stance.
I would nevertheless like to remind everyone that Africa's most serious environmental problems are for the present erosion and overgrazing.
It should be nevertheless be stressed that decisions with final effect should be reciprocally notified in real time in order to avoid conflicts of competence between the activities of the Ombudsman and those of the Committee on Petitions.
Of course no budget is perfect, but we must nevertheless strive to spend common funds in a just and future-oriented manner.
Unfortunately, there is no peace to keep at the moment but, nevertheless, the international community, including the UN and the European Union, have a responsibility to try to help secure this region as soon as possible so that peace can be realised in the future.
Although I might not personally be quite so enthusiastic about an increase in numbers, nevertheless, I think it is extremely helpful to be more open and specific about the role of the committee.
We could nevertheless accept the Statutes for the Euratom Supply Agency if they met three conditions: transparency, self-funding and independence of monitoring. Unfortunately, that is not the case.
I have nevertheless seen fit to back some amendments modifying the initial draft, particularly those relating to 2011 as the date for the scheme's entry into force.
My Group is nevertheless somewhat hesitant about certain other aspects, especially concerning the external dimension of the Schengen area.
It nevertheless retains aspects on which we have reservations. Hence our final vote to abstain.
It is nevertheless true that the EU has to large extent managed to set the agenda for the Bali Conference.
As I have said before, despite encouraging signs internationally, there are nevertheless serious differences of opinion.
While the pioneering European approach is a duty, it should nevertheless also be seen as an opportunity to gain environment-related technological and innovative comparative advantages.
Not everyone appreciates this yet, but we have nevertheless made a good start.
There is nevertheless a risk that the initiative will not be effective if the European Union fails to adopt measures to counteract its socio-economic impact.
Investing in an energy-efficient economy and creating jobs in that area is nevertheless a promising course of action.
Our citizens do not want it, quite the reverse, as Turkey is not a European country - not culturally, not geographically, not religiously, not in any way at all - but, nevertheless, the Commission and the Council are taking no account of the opinion of the majority of our citizens on the matter.
Second observation: I am also extremely glad that a number of principles, rather technical a priori but nevertheless very important in this case, have been adopted in relation to approval; particularly cross-acceptance of rolling stock except in the event of specific characteristics of the local network, the obligation for the national authorities to demonstrate the actual safety risks, and the role of the Agency in the compilation and classification of national rules for clarification purposes.
I also wish to say that, whatever approach is taken to the railway system, we must nevertheless admit that, if we want trains to make a comeback in Europe, we must make a genuine effort to Europeanise the system through technical interoperability and harmonised safety regulations.
The Commission has nevertheless accepted recital 16b to avoid preventing agreement at first reading.
With great misgivings I nevertheless chose to vote for it, since the most problematic formulations had been removed.
The Constitution of the Slovak Republic nevertheless speaks about the safeguarding of human life even before birth.
The objectives are nevertheless clear, scientifically justifiable, and binding and so will also be effective.
Although an agreement has been reached, the Council must nevertheless understand that this House gives greater priority to the health of its millions of citizens than to the wealth of a few European industrial giants.
My fellow Member, Mr Lehne, referred to the temporary framework; in other words, although the codification project is a long-term project, it is nevertheless helpful for us to at least start to look at the guidelines for the project.
The first the absolute necessity to protect the geographical indications and designations of origin, which are often questioned but nevertheless establish the link to the land that characterises the European agricultural model.
A great deal has already been said about the reform of the wine market and, although I have always been a supporter of the view that Community wines have to retain their quality, tradition and authenticity if they are to make progress and gain a competitive position, I nevertheless recognise that the advantage that southern Europe enjoys in terms of sunshine should not stand in the way of production in the north.
I support the document; nevertheless, I find it hard to visualise the integrated EU framework for improving the environmental status of the Baltic Sea.
I am nevertheless a little hurt to hear we have been blackmailing our partners.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) Madam President, I always listen to the House with great interest, but I nevertheless wish to explain a number of points.
He had discovered that a subcommittee of a committee of a subcommission was meeting in the House of Commons, and so he could not be present at the signing of the thing he did not want to sign but intended to sign nevertheless, but then later, at the meal, he signed it after all.
The majority of this House rejected must aid which, even though it is no more than a financial measure, would nevertheless have mitigated the damage brought about by allowing sugaring.
We shall nevertheless continue to put the case for these fair measures.
It is nevertheless clear that the other policy measure that we are expecting from Europe and that Europe is keen to promote involves education, especially for the younger generations.
These are impressive figures; nevertheless, more than 70% of people in need of ARV treatment in these countries do not receive it or do not have access to it.
It is nevertheless gratifying that a cross-party compromise was reached on the issue of guaranteed funds.
One thing is that the banks, which very often operate as distributors within this mechanism and receive very large sums, should nevertheless be examined for some reason, since the sale cost currently accounts for 60% of total costs, and I note that in my region the banks are unbelievably profitable in this way.
We will look at it again but, nevertheless, this is a concern.
That is clearly not going to be the case but, nevertheless, we are pleased that Parliament is able to report today and we hope, through our report today, that we will be able to influence the Commission's position.
We think an agreement is reasonable, but would nevertheless point out that there have been considerable sectoral problems with Korea in the past.
Some of my fellow Members have nevertheless asked to speak.
We know, nevertheless, that Mount Triglav in Slovenia symbolises determination and accomplishment.
In most cases, if consolidation of losses for tax purposes within the same group is possible, it is nevertheless granted with considerable and varying delays.
(DE) Mr President, it would be negligent of me if I were not to reiterate, on behalf of our Group, what the Commissioner said in his opening words, namely that our Chairman of the Committee on Transport and Tourism has truly fulfilled his remit as committee chairman in dealing with this fairly unspectacular but nevertheless important regulatory issue of air transport services, especially because he succeeded in obtaining unanimous support within the committee.
The severe problems being faced by the people of Campania are nevertheless limited to only one of Italy's twenty regions, and political and administrative responsibility can be readily attributed to certain administrators, and we therefore call for their resignation.
People who have lost elections, regardless of whether they lost in honest rivalry or whether they were cheated by those who organised the election process, should nevertheless not pursue violence and destruction.
As we know, we are living in a Union in which citizens can travel freely, but coordination at EU level in the sphere of justice and home affairs nevertheless needs to play a more central role.
The region comprises three very different countries with ancient cultures, which have nevertheless suffered in the recent past under colonialism and neo-colonialism.
Of course, the campaign was marred by allegations and revelations of the orchestration of a post-election coup d'état by an opposition candidate, but nevertheless it should be noted that on election day - and we were there as observers - no major incidents were reported by the observers, and there had never been so many of them in such a small country to observe elections.
I think, nevertheless, that a broad, cohesive, strategic approach to the area is required.
It is important to emphasise that, whilst our suggestions and your vision are no replacement for the EU's bilateral relations with all these countries, they could nevertheless spur our eastern neighbours on to more regional cooperation. I believe that this is also of key importance to the EU.
It is perhaps not the sort of important issue the Commissioners or others could score points on; nevertheless, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to encourage us all to do more because we are responsible for the status of women in Europe.
It must nevertheless also be borne in mind that, of this percentage, 21% accounts for part-time employees; indeed, women account for 65% of part-time employees in the industrial sector.
I nevertheless feel that certain points should be clarified.
The emission permit trading system is nevertheless controversial.
Cross-border administrative obstacles that hinder cooperation between scientific institutes nevertheless still exist.
If some of them nevertheless wish to leave Kosovo, however, we must prevent them from going to areas of Serbia inhabited by other ethnic groups, such as the Albanian-populated southern areas or the Hungarian-populated northern regions.
While the Council has not adopted Parliament's proposals to the letter, it has nevertheless proceeded from the premise that customs representatives and authorised economic operators should interact along the lines we desired.
I was not therefore making any kind of plea, I was simply expressing what had been agreed by the Committee on Civil Liberties; nevertheless, I will respond to her directly.
There is considerable discussion concerning better legislation, and although the Commission has undoubtedly scratched its head at times during our negotiations, I would nevertheless venture to say that our work here is an example of a good process.
Let me nevertheless express my thanks and best wishes to the rapporteur from the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Importers have no control over the design of products or the way they are manufactured but are nevertheless bound, since they are placing goods on the Community market, to guarantee that the products comply with all applicable legal provisions.
I hope you will nevertheless allow me to reiterate the birthday wishes I expressed yesterday evening to my friend Malcolm Harbour.
Allow me nevertheless to put today's evident harmony into perspective.
It is possibly a little jingoistic, but nevertheless: in my home country the Swedish Government has pursued a growth policy which has created almost 100 000 new jobs, partly through targeted measures to cut taxes and employers' contributions.
It is nevertheless very important to take care of these young people and the unemployed.
The 2004 the European Union's statistics regarding the innovation capacity showed that, in Bulgaria, Romania and Slovakia, companies with more than 10 employees had more than 36% of the income realized from selling innovative products and services; nevertheless, now we have to invest more in the economy based on knowledge, to increase investments in research and innovation and, especially, in applied research.
For the time being the EASA is having to wait for the results of the investigations before it can take a final view on the matter, but I would stress that the Agency has obviously given full instructions for the safe use of these aircraft, which have not actually caused accidents in which anyone was hurt, but which have, as you said, nevertheless been involved in accidents, and action must be taken to put matters right.
Even though everyone had predicted disunity, we nevertheless achieved unity.
The Member States nevertheless managed to agree relatively quickly on the common principles of flexicurity, although they warned that these principles would have to be adapted to the specific conditions in each Member State.
in writing. - (GA) I do not agree with everything that is written in Mr Guellec's Report, but nevertheless, I welcome the report and I voted in its favour.
Because that would give the upper hand in negotiations to our interlocutor, in this case our American friends, who may well be our friends and allies, but are nevertheless conducting negotiations, and will press on with those negotiations if they find any weaknesses in Europe's house.
In that respect this agreement, whilst not perfect, nevertheless represents an important step forward.
I should nevertheless like to comment briefly on them.
It is nevertheless causing more and more emissions all the time, and should be included in all agreements.
The existing infrastructure, as well as the response of the national authorities was nevertheless overwhelmed by the force of the natural phenomenon.
- (LT) In 2009 the make-up of both Parliament and the Commission will change; nevertheless, the continuity of work will be maintained.
We have nevertheless managed to wangle a compromise.
Hungary is not affected by this, since it uses only 70% of its milk quota allocation, but we are nevertheless in solidarity with Member States such as Poland and others which need to increase their milk quota.
We have also seen this within our Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, which has nevertheless accepted a unanimously agreed compromise.
What is the Commission's scope for negotiation to achieve an 'amicable' settlement of this matter and avoid reprisals against the EU while, nevertheless, enabling the EU to maintain a strict regulatory framework in relation to GMOs?
In conclusion, there is something else that is not contained in the statistics report, but is nevertheless close to my heart.
A number of reasonable voices are nevertheless making themselves heard within the Commission.
I nevertheless wish to mention a few shortcomings.
We nevertheless have to remember that the cleanest, cheapest and most efficient form of energy is saved energy.
Although logistics is primarily the task of companies themselves, we, the Member States and the European Union, can nevertheless help promote logistics by cutting red tape, for example customs procedures at ports.
Poland's quota, nevertheless, is seen as small relative to the larger quotas of Europe's top three milk producers - Germany, France and Britain.
The amendments were in fact rejected, but I nevertheless voted in favour of adoption of the document as a whole, because increasing milk quotas by 2% is at least a step in the right direction, even if it is too small a step.
Information about the initial work of this group is encouraging; nevertheless, a lot of effort and work will have to be invested in this process.
However, this is our national problem and does not concern the Presidency so much; nevertheless, I felt I owed you an explanation.
(NL) It is a good programme but I nevertheless have a few objections.
Finally, I would like to say to the Commissioner that I nevertheless believe we have made progress - if we get a positive result tomorrow - in ending the confrontation which has taken place on these matters between the committee, Parliament and the Commission, and the Council too.
Having said all that, I nevertheless conclude by declaring my support for this report.
While it is not a resolution on asylum policy, the Bureau nevertheless decided to include this item under urgent resolutions.
Our group will nevertheless continue to defend them and to oppose those who, in order to flatter their electorate, strive to tone them down or postpone them indefinitely.
It has nevertheless fulfilled its obligations only very imperfectly.
Although it is difficult to see this mid-term review as highly satisfactory, it is nevertheless the only mechanism through which the EU can effectively push for achievement of the goals set.
It is nevertheless realistic and does point to the need for continued effort by the Croatian Government on judicial and border issues.
In this digital environment, it is nevertheless important to reconcile free access to the Internet and individuals' rights and freedoms.
Allow me to take this opportunity to raise an important but highly controversial issue, which, although not the subject of decision presently, nevertheless needs to be addressed at some stage: this is the concept of presumed consent.
The practical application of the provisions of the penal code and the prosecution of polluters nevertheless remain a matter for the individual Member States.
The information that we already knew should have been on the list was nevertheless not on the list, and there was a prolonged discussion back and forth until, quite recently, we finally obtained the information that we should have had in the first place.
In my country, Finland, national subsidies are nevertheless twice the value of EU aid.
Even if the purpose of the recital is to restrict the use of the data in question, we cannot support the text as it nevertheless opens up the possibility of registering and processing such data.
We cannot avoid this, but we do nevertheless have to state that there is still no shortage of food to justify this increase in prices.
The Commission is nevertheless investigating the need for a revision of the legislative provisions for two- and three-wheeled motor vehicles.
Although China has a raft of positive experience through lifting 400 million of its own citizens out of extreme poverty over the past 25 years, we must nevertheless concentrate on the enormous social and economic inequities, as well as the alarming degradation of the natural environment, the restriction of fundamental freedoms and low employment standards.
As the main intention of the report is nevertheless good, I finally chose to abstain.
One has nevertheless to recognise that some of them will face strong resistance, but the Commission will certainly promote them.
I believe, however, that we should nevertheless remember European producers.
With the exception of Guinea (Conakry), French influence has nevertheless always remained greater in these states than in other former colonies.
To standardise the debates and improve monitoring, the parliamentary delegations should nevertheless in future incorporate follow-up talks on human rights more systematically in the agenda for visits to those countries.
The Commission is of the opinion that, as yet, it is still not the right time to formulate these; nevertheless the Commission considers that attention should be paid to this problem.
Even if the rapporteur takes the view that the Commission's review paints an excessively rosy picture, or at least a partial picture, we should nevertheless be proud that European aid has allowed such advances to be made in our outermost regions.
It is my belief that a few too many amendments have been made to details in the report, but nevertheless, Commissioner, the message must be clear: this European Parliament will not accept 'business as usual' on the European Employment Strategy.
While the report does not include any new proposals, it nevertheless concentrates on certain demands made in Parliament in July 2007 which assisted us in determining the way forward, and will inspire us now for the continued implementation of the maritime policy.
The European Union is nevertheless prepared to take on its role of coordinating, supporting and facilitating national policies.
Its implementation at national level must nevertheless be complemented by initiatives to raise awareness focused around rights and obligations.
It is to Parliament's credit, and most especially to the credit of its rapporteur, that we have succeeded in finding ways to make a preliminary ruling like this, which nevertheless makes a sufficient degree of transparency possible and actually links exceptional decisions to exceptional circumstances.
It nevertheless needs to be said that it also contains some irritating remarks.
In all countries these two sectors nevertheless have higher proportions of women researchers than the business enterprise sector with an EU average of 18% women, but there are large cross-country variations.
We must nevertheless exert pressure, all the pressure we can.
However, if an animal disease does nevertheless break out, as you have already said, vaccination needs to be a central element of the fight against it.
, in writing. - (PT) Since it is not possible to comment on the variety of important issues this report raises - both positive and negative - it should be noted that it nevertheless exposes, albeit in qualified form, the negative performance of EU 'development aid'.
in writing. - (PT) Due to pressure from the intensifying worldwide capitalist crisis, the resolution adopted, albeit with limitations, nevertheless represents a condemnation of the consequences of EU agricultural policies, revealing the real and unacceptable objectives of the CAP and of WTO agreements.
I should nevertheless like to stand up for the narrow agenda.
There is no business in any sector that can survive this type of economic context, but nevertheless it is a proven fact that, when there has been the political will to monitor imports closely, as has occurred in the past - and I can bear witness to this - the prices paid to Community producers have immediately recovered.
Madam President, it is general knowledge that major football championships are a source of great pleasure and fun for audiences and supporters, but this is nevertheless a problem that constitutes a dark side to the events, to which attention must be devoted, and not just in terms of words; after all, to quote a well-known Dutch football song: 'geen woorden maar daden' [actions speak louder than words].
That is why I think that for once I am nevertheless going to continue to speak in that language.
This proposal for a regulation on the fishing industry is nevertheless a clear and necessary one.
I think we might have difficulty in getting the maps, but nevertheless we will sort that out.
It is truly remarkable that a policy which does not very often hit the front pages has nevertheless managed to play a pioneering role in opening new paths both for the economic development and the integration of the Community.
Allow me, nevertheless, to make a few critical comments.
In the first quarter of the year 2008, Romania had one of the greatest economic growths in the EU, increasing by 8.2% (while the European average is 2.5%, according to Eurostat), but, nevertheless, people with low education levels, without any qualification, especially in the rural environment, children, young people, people with disabilities and the Roma have a significant risk of poverty.
It is a problem, but I would nevertheless like to thank you for our good personal cooperation on the substance of the report.
Although this possibility has not yet arisen, the Court of Justice has nevertheless taken the view that its Rules of Procedure need to be amended to enable it to apply its language arrangements to the new review procedure.
I would nevertheless like to point out that we need to make drastic improvements to the way we use energy.
Furthermore, instead of trying to address the reasons for this low support, it calls on the authorities of Slovakia to step up the public information campaign aimed at explaining 'the benefits of the single currency', whilst nevertheless still exhorting them to take all necessary steps in order to minimise price increases during the changeover period.
We have been aware of the issues raised by the Meroni judgment, but nevertheless are of the view that our proposals are appropriate.
I would nevertheless like to conclude by saying that the PSE Group believes that consumers should be treated as the key component of European energy policy.
- (NL) Mr President, the longer we go on the more the European mandarins behave like a breed of political autistics, completely closed off from the real world, from the citizens, whom they nevertheless still claim to serve.
Although that may not resolve the institutional question immediately, it is nevertheless the best way of showing the Irish that they have been heard.
While we pursue our common interests with Russia, we must nevertheless remain clear and firm on democracy and human rights.
I hope the Partnership Agreement will be a framework in which the relations between the European Union and Russia shall evolve; nevertheless, we should not forget that our objective is not to sign a Partnership Agreement, but to include into this agreement clauses that could lead to democracy, security and an increase in the standard of living in Europe, from the Caucasus to the Atlantic.
However, I can nevertheless confirm publicly, here and now, that implementation of the Lisbon Treaty would not impose on any Member State any requirements with regard to issues such as abortion, euthanasia and same-sex marriages.
Please take this as a gesture of goodwill that I have nevertheless entered into this discussion and I am trying to provide you with clarifications in good faith.
I am nevertheless prepared - and I believe I can also speak for Commissioner Fischer Boel here - to explore any possibilities existing within the present framework.
This sector is nevertheless only in its beginnings, and the regulation on CO2 emission reduction targets has for instance to be implemented;
Mr President, it is perhaps surprising that Conservatives and myself had a separate whip on this and in the end took the view that although we are all in favour of firm budgetary control of the European Union - in fact we have suffered for far too long from the auditors refusing to sign off the accounts of the European Union - nevertheless we took a different view on this report.
They must be kept outside the Union, but nevertheless forcibly drawn into the EU sphere of influence where they have no voice.
A system such as the one described in this report is also a guarantee that in the future we may better manage any conflicts, which we do not want in Europe but nevertheless may find ourselves having to deal with.
Mr President, perhaps in spite of the conduct of the European Commission, which has not always been very 'good' during these negotiations with the young democracy of Mauritania, we should nevertheless welcome this agreement, because it is perhaps one of the last that we shall obtain in this region, now that Morocco wants to preserve and resume control of its natural resources.
Having said that, I can only confirm, to Parliament and to the rapporteur, Baroness Ludford, whom I should like to thank for all her work, that I am nevertheless determined to reach a compromise fairly rapidly, by asking the Council to listen more to Parliament, and also by hoping that Parliament, for its part, bearing in mind the commitments which the Commission will be making, will show a certain amount of understanding.
Also, Mr President - and this is directly connected with immigration - you talked about the CAP, but you did not mention Doha; it is nevertheless important for the united Europe to be able to find a solution and respond to the Millennium Goals, because it is all the same package; it is about exploiting our economic capacity in order to move all of humanity forwards.
I will go there and listen but, at the same time, everyone needs to understand that in the polls 80% of the people say that they are pro-Europe; we can nevertheless work with them without threatening them.
I would nevertheless like to say one thing.
We should not dramatise, but at the same time it is nevertheless worrying that the last three referendums in the European Union ended in a no vote, which was certainly for other reasons, but the fact remains that at the very least it is not a particularly encouraging sign.
The French Presidency has set the right priorities, for example the climate, immigration and defence, but I should like to focus on one aspect that receives less attention but is nevertheless extremely important for our young people and the whole sports sector in Europe.
However, there have been cases when the accused did not attend the trial, but the court nevertheless pronounced sentence.
It is clear that ambitions in the European Parliament are somewhat greater than those in the package, but I would nevertheless like to highlight three positive elements which we can work on.
These proposals undoubtedly include a whole series of very delicate aspects and it is clear that they will be discussed seriously and in depth but, nevertheless, their basic trend and consequence will be an improvement in health care for European citizens.
Hence the repeated calls from the European Parliament's Committee on Culture and Education for 'a swift, effective and transparent procedure which will, nevertheless, safeguard the right of scrutiny and information in regard to decision-making'.
It is nevertheless essential that measures be taken immediately with regard to the availability of legal protection insurance, especially in the new Member States.
We nevertheless need room for 3G, and that is being organised.
The telecom package should not affect copyright, but the lobbyists have nevertheless gained a hearing especially for this in the proposal.
On a more serious note, though, EU citizens nevertheless possess very little knowledge of these overseas territories.
It is nevertheless hard to accept the direct causal connection made between life problems affecting many people and the fact of being a women.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (PL) Mr President, despite the report's many positive aspects in drawing attention to the negative influence of media, marketing and advertising that caricature and objectify human beings, discriminate against them and deprive them of their dignity, I must nevertheless protest at some of its arguments, which are manipulative and aimed at the creation of a modern egalitarian society devoid of ethical models.
Although much time has yet to pass before this technology is widely applied, it is nevertheless of exceptional importance that the regulations on their type-approval are harmonised now.
In conclusion, when Member States derogate from the mandatory-bid rule, they must nevertheless respect the general principle of protection of minority shareholders and ensure that they benefit from a treatment equivalent to that of majority shareholders.
While not recognising this self-appointed interim administration, I would nevertheless encourage the military junta to set a timetable for dates for new presidential elections as soon as possible so that civilian ministers can once again be appointed instead of military personalities. The junta must commit to electoral neutrality as they did after the last coup in 2005.
The recent take-over, nevertheless, is radically different from the one in 2005 that brought to an end a dictatorial regime and resulted in an exemplary transition to democracy strongly supported, politically and financially, by the European Union.
The threat is nevertheless real and the European Union must play its part in the efforts made to prevent and combat it as resolutely as possible.
The war on terrorism must nevertheless not become an all-encompassing incantation.
(PL) Mr President, the law does not define terrorism, but we all nevertheless know what this phenomenon is based on.
In the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs we nevertheless tried to work in the most conscientious and detailed manner, while keeping up with the pace set by the Council.
Although higher education does not form part of EU competence, we must nevertheless - while maintaining the independence of Member States in this matter - strive for close cooperation and coordination.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the protection of seafarers is a heartfelt concern for all of us, but I am nevertheless taking the liberty of asking how we can best guarantee this.
Today, when we have the technological means to transcend the horizon of our own cultural self-awareness, we nevertheless continue to witness the terrible effects of human fragmentation.
I think that we all do that and it is entirely understandable, but I will say nevertheless, having listened to the debate, that strident political rhetoric is not the way to resolve global financial crises.
It is a disease whose causes are not only physical but often social or psychological, but it nevertheless remains a disease which costs our national health systems huge sums of money every year.
The Commission's proposal before us should nevertheless be welcomed.
Broadly speaking, I have noticed that there is nevertheless a consensus on the general lines we should be following.
There are a number of developments that I nevertheless find worrying, and I also sense a degree of ideology behind some of the action that has been taken.
I personally hope nevertheless that Belarus, if it does not reunite with Russia as some within the Kremlin would like, will one day enter its rightful place amongst the European family of free nations.
As colourful as it is, this quotation by the philosopher Alain is nevertheless a clear illustration of what these symbols represent for the European Union today.
This is a positive and innovative initiative that is nevertheless only available to a minority of people.
The symbols were then omitted from the Lisbon Treaty which was, nevertheless, rejected in Ireland.
I understand where these amendments are coming from, in essence, but I should nevertheless like to emphasise the fact that the European Trade Union Confederation once again spoke to the chairmen of the political groups, a few days ago, to say that the adoption of this directive, in unamended form, would send a strong signal that social progress at EU level was both necessary and possible, and that social Europe was still alive.
What I can say, though, is that the Commission wants to make real progress, whilst nevertheless once again ensuring that we can bring along the majority of Member States with us.
That being so, I have tried to be objective and I do nevertheless think that this agreement was necessary.
We are nevertheless aware that we must constantly strive to improve the system.
This is a sensible solution which will allow us to avoid the compulsory purchase of the energy companies, but nevertheless ensures consistent competition.
He reminded us that it was believed there was no point in going to Moscow, but that doing so nevertheless stopped the Russian forces.
I nevertheless understand those here who intend to vote against this legislative proposal tomorrow.
I think we have nevertheless found a very good solution.
Although our budget of around EUR 130 billion looks ridiculously small set against the hundreds upon hundreds of billions that the Member States, acting both jointly and separately, have spread out as a safety net under both the banks and the real economy, our meetings to prepare for the first reading were nevertheless much shaped by contributions on precisely this subject from all the groups involved.
I am aware that Parliament shares this view but, nevertheless, the Council is endeavouring to find every appropriate financing arrangement so that we can give practical effect to the political wishes that have been expressed, including by the Heads of State or Government, and by the European Commission.
From the perspective of the agencies, I consider the figures recommended by the Commission fundamentally acceptable, and I am pleased that the extent of support to both human resources and tools has increased; nevertheless, I would recommend adjustments on two points.
The European Parliament, being the cautious budgetary authority that it is, remains within the agreed boundaries (one fifth of the budget of the institutions), but invests in knowledge nevertheless, by increasing staffing levels within the groups and by increasing capacity in the library.
Under the present circumstances, Hungary itself is not able to buy up the surplus; nevertheless, there are other ways to stabilise the market.
We are talking about a very promising technology, which nevertheless has yet to earn the trust of society.
On this matter, the European Parliament merely has an advisory role, but today's results nevertheless represent an important milestone.
That said, the responsibility for our schoolchildren eating a sufficient quantity of apples and bananas must, nevertheless, rest with the children's parents and, possibly, the municipalities providing their education.
Do these talks involve Iceland and other European countries outside the EU whose economies are nevertheless closely interlinked?
Last but not least are Frontex and the European Railway Agency, both of which are clear examples of authorities which overestimate their costs and demand too much money, but nevertheless request more money every year.
I know that in the area of agrarian and cohesion funds we still have serious tasks ahead in this regard, nevertheless when carrying these out we cannot ignore the changing circumstances in the global economy.
Mr President, on this point, although I strongly disagree with the oral amendments, I will nevertheless defend the right of MEPs to place oral amendments, even on a Thursday afternoon, and I will condemn most strongly the groups - and my group is one of the first that I condemn - which do not manage to have their MEPs here on a Thursday afternoon.
In the midst of all the mourning over the tragic attacks, we would nevertheless like to express our joy and relief that all the participants of this parliamentary delegation trip are with us again safe and sound because some of the members of the delegation of the European Parliament were in the hotels affected at the time of the attacks and were in immediate mortal danger.
I feel that this process has now nevertheless ground to a halt.
The report has nevertheless been passed by the Committee for Foreign Affairs, it is on the table and it is essential to vote on the report within the lifetime of this Parliament.
I must say that, when you leave meetings that have gone on for several hours - I admit that I sometimes have a rather volatile temperament but I am able, nevertheless, to keep my nerves in check - it can be difficult to put up with.
They may be white-collar crimes, but they are crimes nevertheless, and are sometimes related to organised crime.
I dare not imagine how absurd it would be if Europe failed to reach an agreement but nevertheless wanted, in Copenhagen next year, to convince everyone that it is right.
It is nevertheless important to remember that we are completely unanimous on the matter of emission reductions: emissions have to be cut.
Madam President, I am very pleased indeed to be able to make a contribution to this debate very briefly because it is important in the times in which we live, when the Third World is suffering greatly from lack of food, to realise that we in the European Union, although facing an economic crisis, are nevertheless extremely wealthy compared with the Third World.
Without casting doubt on the need to rephrase the directive at this time and in this situation, I nevertheless believe that a revised and updated version of the directive should be submitted to legislative procedure in the future; in other words, during the period of the next European Parliament.
Though the amendments voted through committee were not what he wanted - in fact he wanted no amendments - he nevertheless defended the committee position in the negotiations which led to this first-reading agreement.
(DE) Mr President, my group and I would also have liked to have seen more than what has now been produced, but I think, nevertheless, that we have achieved a lot and have brought agreement at European level a step further forward.
Perhaps we will nevertheless still succeed in achieving something here.
We must make all possible efforts to prevent avoidable accidents, which we nevertheless continue to hear about from time to time.
It was nevertheless important to avoid legal uncertainty, which would have unfairly delayed the payment process.
This report is only the first step towards a more secure euro, but I have nevertheless voted in favour of it.
Between us, we have nevertheless brought it to a successful conclusion, and I should particularly like to thank the chief negotiator, the French Permanent Representative, Mr Léglise-Costa, who retained the necessary calm and control throughout these extremely difficult negotiations, of which there were at least ten rounds.
I find this regrettable, but I will nevertheless recommend that you vote in favour, as the cost of not having a climate package in place is infinitely higher.
I am nevertheless holding my breath a little until tomorrow, in the hope that our fellow Members will vote the right way.
I therefore ask those among my fellow Members who are still hesitating to see sense, by saying to them that I cannot imagine how ridiculous it would be to have a European Parliament that was incapable of reaching an agreement and nevertheless wanted to convince others next year in Copenhagen that it was right.
That is why I have my doubts, but will in the end nevertheless vote for the report, since in retrospect this concerns not only CO2, but also sustainability.
We will nevertheless vote in favour of the whole text, but I think that we will need further initiatives to give more weight to the European commitment.
The outcome of the negotiations nevertheless preserves the sound basic structure of the Commission's proposal: a linear development in emission reductions and binding annual ceilings for emissions, in EU legislation for the first time.
We cannot allow the state of Europe's economies, nevertheless, to push climate change off the agenda.
This compromise may not be perfect, but it is nevertheless a good proof that we can act together.
I hope that this exceptionally modest budget will, nevertheless, allow us to fund large investment projects in this way.
It is a very weak commitment for an issue that is nevertheless crucial in international negotiations.
Whilst the compromise does not go as far as it ideally could, it nevertheless does set important targets for car manufacturers and will play a part in combating global warming.
Although I know that education and training fall very largely within the competence of the Member States, we can nevertheless encourage them at European level to work towards a real assurance of the quality of vocational education and training, the standard of education and learning outcomes.
I am nevertheless very concerned that Frontex will be part of the construction of 'Fortress Europe'.
Although this Parliament is not very generous with time, because of its very nature, nevertheless in the period of almost an hour that we have devoted to the subject of justice we have had an opportunity to discuss some of the outstanding issues to some extent.
The dossier was, as we are hearing in this debate, created with a great deal of emotion, but nevertheless it succeeded in reconciling the different protection aims which we are pursuing with this legislation.
This will nevertheless require considerable effort on the part of the Union.
I have, nevertheless, chosen to abstain, because the report was strongly protectionist in places.
I also call for the role of the European Data Protection Supervisor to nevertheless be taken into account.
The fact that this happens nevertheless has two explanations.
I would be happier if, for example, the Italian press, which all too often points its finger at us, would publish information that may not be earth-shattering in itself but would nevertheless serve to illustrate the type of activities that an Italian MEP carries out in this place.
The bartering which up to now has indeed been prohibited under law but has nevertheless been common practice has not been legalised by this directive.
Poland is a good example of this: although it is supplied mainly by pipelines from Russia which bypass Ukraine, and therefore less exposed in the present crisis, it is nevertheless cut off from Western Europe's transmission and storage system.
I hope, nevertheless, that the participating states succeed in their application to UNESCO and that they will receive proper support for this from the other EU Member States.
While the language of the resolution is weaker than I would have wished, nevertheless a resolution carried by an overwhelming vote of the parliament is more likely to influence the decisions of Israel and Hamas than individual Political Group resolutions.
Guinea, although blessed with very rich mineral deposits, including iron, aluminium, gold, diamonds and uranium, is nevertheless one of the poorest countries in the world.
While I accept that Irish criminal law protecting children against sexual abuse and exploitation is quite comprehensive, I would, nevertheless, urge the Irish Government to bring forward up-to-date legislation as soon as possible to deal with the proliferation of new ways by which children can be subject to sexual abuse.
The vast majority were born in that country, work in that country but nevertheless are given the epithet 'non-citizens'.
- (FR) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we can congratulate ourselves on the broad consensus here, but we nevertheless remain in isolation: Commissioner for the Environment, Ministers for the Environment, how important is the environment for the Commission and for the Councils and governments?
Some scientists nevertheless express qualified doubts over it.
We will be endorsing it nevertheless, because we believe - and this is with reference to the report - that it does highlight the right aspects and that it also shows sufficient realism.
Although the majority of EU nationals live in member countries of NATO, we nevertheless also have to recognise that the existence of non-aligned countries is a valuable resource for peacebuilding.
It is so essential that it has been imposed across Europe and nevertheless, within Spain, some are prevented from receiving the television programmes broadcast by others.
Unfortunately, Mrs Lulling nevertheless laboured under the misapprehension that she had to retable her rejected amendments, even though this is not really consistent with the text of the legislative resolution or the procedure we are following.
While we generally encourage the consistent and effective transposition of EU law, we nevertheless considered that it was appropriate to abstain on this vote.
in writing. - (SV) I have voted in favour of this report, partly because the Commission's proposal aims to simplify the current legislation and partly because agricultural statistics are nevertheless necessary in the present circumstances, with the common agricultural policy.
Now when Russia and Germany nevertheless construct a gas pipeline on the seabed directly between their two countries, they do this to isolate themselves.
What nevertheless still concerns me is the fact that children can be taken into custody.
(FI) Mr President, a lot of effort went into the preparation of the IPPC (Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control) Directive last year, and although the directive in its final form is of huge importance for the EU's industry and its citizens, it has nevertheless been trampled underfoot by the climate and energy package.
There are other amendments we cannot accept because they go beyond the scope of the Commission's proposed changes, but in some cases, such amendments nevertheless point to important issues that may well be addressed in another context.
Mr President, I am not entirely happy with this report and the manner in which we dealt with it here today, but I did nevertheless vote for the report because I believe it reduces red tape.
I nevertheless find it regrettable that this action plan is not a legally binding instrument.
Thirdly, with regard to religious minorities, although there is a law on organisations, which offers a solution to some of the minorities, nevertheless for a large Muslim minority, the Alevites, still no solution has been found.
However, irrespective of this, the Commission claims that we are nevertheless obliged to take a positive position, as this is an important strategic partner.
However, I have nevertheless quite clearly voted in favour of the report, because the Socialist call to focus the report on accession was rejected.
We would have preferred a 'no' to full membership, but this wording nevertheless comes close to that and is therefore a great success for those of us who are happy to say 'yes' to partnership with Turkey as part of our foreign policy, but say 'no' to accession.
The rapporteur admits this, but nevertheless chooses stubbornly to concentrate on the negative aspects that the absence of a parent seeking an income abroad can entail.
The overall political and economic context within which Parliament has been invited to approve the Cariforum EPAs and the interim EPA with Côte d'Ivoire is important, but Parliament has nevertheless asked the Council and the Commission for a number of concrete explanations.
If we got here today, having rushed to get here, and if our deodorant promised us this morning that we would be sweat-free for 14 hours, but we are nevertheless totally covered in sweat this evening, then we are likely to be very surprised and say that there is no truth to the claim at all.
However, it is nevertheless important and, for us, vital that nano-specific regulations have been adopted.
At the same time, it is important that we handle this matter with due caution; without delaying new discoveries and their implementation, we should nevertheless pay attention to the health risks as well.
I would just like once again to say to Mr Schnellhardt that yes, deodorants work differently on different people, but the claim is nevertheless made that they 'keep you sweat-free'.
Why have you nevertheless approved operational programmes where the partnership principle is clearly being completely disregarded and where the partners have reported that they were not involved?
I have, nevertheless, chosen to vote against it, as I believe that all health care should be voluntary.
The Spring European Council was actually the second meeting of Heads of State or Government that we have organised but it was nevertheless the first properly formal summit.
At the same time, the system is based on an assumption of constantly increasing air traffic, but I am nevertheless voting in favour of the report, as the positive aspects outweigh the negative ones.
I understand them, but I am nevertheless encouraging them to commit themselves fully to a cooperation process with their ACP neighbours, so as to enable complementary and supportive relationships to be built around common aims.
Where the EU nevertheless persists in distributing and controlling aid, it must under no circumstances be made conditional upon trade with the recipient countries.
I am nevertheless convinced that policies of suspending relations and isolation in respect of Turkmenistan show little promise.
We must nevertheless extend a hand to the United States, since we face common threats.
At the same time, it is nevertheless our conviction that Parliament's recommendations must serve the improvement of EU-Russia relations and the elaboration of a new strategic partnership.
Although EMAS is a very modest programme in the big scheme about climate change which the Commissioner has worked so hard on, I think it nevertheless plays a role in helping the European Union and the rest of the world to cut our environmental footprint.
We should nevertheless clarify that, unfortunately, the questionnaire sent to the Member States contained this incorrect terminology.
I should nevertheless like to make a few comments.
The amendment package was perceived as an answer to a temporary, but extremely critical situation; nevertheless it completely satisfies the demand for greater simplification of procedures and for more flexible application of existing rules in accordance with the Structural Funds Regulations, which were offered repeatedly by the European Parliament in recent years.
Despite some compromises reached between the various political groups within the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on many key points in Mrs Vălean's report, and notwithstanding the political conviction and position that I express on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats in my capacity as shadow rapporteur on the report, namely that the free movement of Community citizens is a fundamental EU right, the final version of the report nevertheless contains a series of inappropriate references, in some of the footnotes to recital S, which compel us, as the Italian delegation of the PPE-DE, to vote against this report in the Chamber due to the single block vote stipulated for this type of report.
If you would just permit, I would like nevertheless to say - with all due respect to Mr Kamall, for example - that when the market does not function, it is for the political leadership to intervene.
The EIB would, therefore, appear to be a most undemocratic institution which nevertheless has public money at its disposal.
Mr President, there are a lot of 'thank yous' being said, but I would nevertheless like to take the opportunity to thank our eminent Chairman, Mr Bösch.
However, I agree that we have to have a procedure in place that will nevertheless allow an issue to be raised at Council level should any matter appear to be of a significant or political nature.
Of course, the starting point must nevertheless be to ask ourselves what went wrong.
I cannot reel off here today a long list of statistics, as we do not have time for that, but let me nevertheless give you some few highlights concerning the focus of your question: the relative popularity of FP7 research areas among the Member States.
I do, however, agree that 70 years is better than 95, although I do nevertheless think that the best thing to do would be to reject the entire proposal.
Due to the particular nature of diseases such as rare cancers, auto-immune diseases, toxic and infectious diseases, there is not enough expertise and resources available for them, yet nevertheless they affect 36 million EU citizens.
With this in mind, the Commission nevertheless stresses the need, as always, to respect the rule of law, and is counting on the Iraqi Government to act accordingly.
We have chosen to vote against this report at first reading, but nevertheless look forward to the Commission's original proposal being developed further in a constructive manner.
I would, nevertheless, like to point out that the Commission cannot accept Amendment 14 concerning social protection for assisting spouses.
I come from a landlocked country, but nevertheless, as a European, I feel responsible for protecting our oceans against ongoing pollution caused by cheap business interests and for integrating the principles of the third maritime package, which is urgently needed, as the Committee on Legal Affairs has proposed.
I must confess, Mr President, Commissioner, to a certain uneasiness, because, throughout this process we have always sought to reach an understanding but, nevertheless, there has been a certain amount of pressure for the report not to reach plenary and even now some comments suggest that Parliament's position will be disregarded as well.
Of course, Mr Vlasák is right in saying that cofinancing plays a significant role; nevertheless, I think an increase in the level of cofinancing in a time of crisis was the right proposal, because some states which are in a very difficult situation have serious problems in obtaining cofinancing.
In accordance with the treaty, the Commission must nevertheless remain neutral with regard to the public or private ownership of companies.
While for countless years the wine growers of the European Union have put in considerable effort and investment to produce high-quality rosé wine, the Commission's decision will undo these enormous efforts, which have nevertheless had a very positive effect on the economy and the regional development of our territories.
I do think, however, that the Nabucco project must be allocated a larger amount of money. It is good, nevertheless, that the importance of this project is being recognised once again through this document.
Thank you, Mrs Trautmann, I think the House understands the consequences of what it has done, but I thank you, nevertheless, for pointing that out.
Personally, I would like to thank the Member States of the European Union that nevertheless made and continue to make a commitment; we have conclusions that are wholly honourable, even if they are imperfect.
In my opinion, we nevertheless need to go beyond the current training model based mainly on national postgraduate schools in order to build a stronger common judicial culture, which is still lacking.
I nevertheless thank the rapporteurs for having worked on these subjects with skill and precision.
I nevertheless believe that the work we have done allows us to be optimistic.
Some citizens believe that the Charter of Fundamental Rights is too rhetorical, but the Lisbon Treaty is nevertheless a serious step forward.
What we nevertheless ought to remember is your motto: 'Europe without borders'.
We are nevertheless ready for the Commission's draft legislative solutions to financial market regulation and banking supervision in a European format this autumn.
It is not only this Parliament that is starting anew; Europe is in a period of transition between the Treaty of Nice and the Treaty of Lisbon, and - as we all know - it is a time of uncertainty in which we nevertheless need clarity with regard to economic, financial, labour market and climate policy decisions in the European Union and its Member States.
But, while words are, nevertheless, important - no question about that - we are discussing primarily what has been happening in Iran since the election on 12 June.
As regards payments, the Council believes that certain reductions can be made in relation to the preliminary draft budget, but I would like to stress that our draft nevertheless represents an increase in payment appropriations of 3.2% compared to 2009.
Despite being important, these actions are, nevertheless, insufficient.
However, we should consider the perspectives that we need to take into account to ensure that there indeed remains a large degree of choice when it comes to air travel and that new options can come onto the market, but that consumers are nevertheless protected and are not left with any sort of financial problems if an airline were to actually go bankrupt or has to file for bankruptcy.
Despite the fact that air industry analysts had been predicting this bankruptcy for a long time, SkyEurope was, nevertheless, still selling tickets for its flights the day before presentation of the bankruptcy petition.
The European Commission has published, nevertheless, a list of media pluralism indicators based on an independent study.
Although I am aware that all this still does not go far enough, I nevertheless believe, Mr President, that today we should vote in favour of the urgent procedure.
It is not very common in a Parliament with so many political parties and political groups to nevertheless have unanimous support for what you are proposing.
In spite of all the criticisms that have just been directed at the policy and which I share, I nevertheless remain convinced that what has been proven to work in the past should also guide us in our future action.
Your speeches are very important but nevertheless, I have another request for a blue-card question.
I have heard that there is some speculation here, but nevertheless there is still no solution.
The meeting that we are to have next week is a very important one, but it is nevertheless just a meeting.
Of course, we cannot pre-empt the result of the debate in the Council, but I would nevertheless like to say that we are doing all we can to introduce legislation that will help to eliminate all forms of abuse and maltreatment of elderly people, which is fully in line with the opinion issued by the European Parliament.
I would have liked to have seen the Swedish Presidency go a bit further, perhaps, with regard to advertising, but I am nevertheless pleased that a study has now been carried out on advertising, alcohol and young people.
The Council would nevertheless like to stress that the Nord Stream project is a private undertaking.
Whilst I am in favour of the measures that have been suggested, I would nevertheless like to go further: indeed, these measures are still far from being adequate, especially since, with regard to the buy-back quota, the ball is again back in the court of the Member States and national funding.
The Commission is ultimately responsible for the Member States doing what they are supposed to do and I am sure that the Commission will talk about this, but I will nevertheless say a few words on behalf of the Presidency on the basis of the question that has been put to me by the committee.
I would like to take the opportunity to thank the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets, Mr Lamassoure, who took the initiative for this report very quickly and produced it in record time, while nevertheless cooperating very closely with the various groups in the committee.
Whilst creating an area of security, justice and freedom within the European Union is vital for us all, and certainly an example of the European democratic model that we are building, and while many of us consider Europol to be an instrument that can be adapted, we nevertheless all set great store by the fact that the pooling of resources - particularly human resources but also technical resources to fight organised crime and all kinds of trafficking - should be strictly controlled with a maximum guarantee of legal certainty, since we are striking at the very heart of our power: the rights and freedoms of European citizens.
My second point is that macro-financial assistance must nevertheless be carefully tied to two conditions: the assistance must be aimed at responding to exceptional and temporary financial difficulties in these countries, and not for other purposes.
Some people wonder why we should invest in the clean development mechanism (CDM), but that is nevertheless precisely what it is all about, namely that the polluter must pay for green investments in developing countries.
I am nevertheless very concerned about the importance of ensuring the basic rights of users of the internet and free access to it.
That is why we are running a little late, but nevertheless I think we have to make the most of the consultation period so that we have a serious consultation about the future European Union 2020 Strategy.
Mr President, I have listened carefully to the speakers, but I would nevertheless like to share a number of queries and concerns regarding the matter before us and, to do so, I will inevitably draw on two recent examples.
We nevertheless hope that the Commission will be in a position to respond to our question.
Other bilateral negotiations are nevertheless under way to further promote trade in agricultural products, services and the freedom of establishment, and to create a binding dispute settlement mechanism.
Furthermore, as Mr Simpson highlighted, despite the two accidents, which we must obviously learn from in terms of rail safety - precisely to show our commitment on this, we organised a series of events which Mr Simpson also attended - I wish to stress that rail transport in Europe nevertheless offers an especially high level of safety compared with other means of transport.
With regard to Mr Verhofstadt's questions concerning supervision, I am pleased that we are nevertheless making progress on this issue.
We must nevertheless feel more involved in the process of enlargement.
I will nevertheless pass on your concerns to my colleague in charge of social policy so that this matter can be followed up in depth.
Mr Søndergaard suggested something at the end of his speech which may nevertheless be the way forward, namely to come up with a completely new budgetary system that gives the Member States better control of the cash flows.
Of course, the irregularities in the budgets do not affect the Council's budget as severely as they do the agricultural sector, but nevertheless, we will also have questions about public procurement, late payments or overdue payments and repeated overestimating.
There have been improvements, for example, in the payments for projects, but nevertheless it is still the case that no audits can be carried out on some of the projects because the receipts are missing, not to mention the fact that some receipts are not even provided in the first place or that there are no opportunities for follow-up audits.
It is nevertheless most important that we in the European Union jointly adhere to the agreed rules, the Copenhagen criteria.
I would like to point out that sporting organisations play a central role in volunteering and, despite this not being stipulated explicitly in the legislative text, nevertheless needs to be acknowledged.
In this regard, there are always individual questions that quite rightly need to be asked here, but which nevertheless should not prevent us from giving the green light in general for the authorisation of the funds that have been applied for.
I would just like to add something: although I will join the rest of my group in voting in favour, on Thursday, of the budget we are debating, I nevertheless wish to stress that we are experiencing not only an economic, financial and environmental crisis - as was pointed out earlier - but also a very profound social crisis linked to the rise in unemployment.
The Lisbon Treaty is nevertheless in force and it will be difficult to work within the framework of a budget whose structure does not reflect the new conditions.
It is, nevertheless, important that all parties continue to work for peace, yet therein may lie the main problem.
(FR) Mr President, since Mr Le Hyaric practically doubled his speaking time, I feel entitled to go at my own pace, but I shall nevertheless get straight to the point.
We are not there yet, but the EU has nevertheless taken a huge step forward.
However, as the only directly elected representatives of European institutions, we nevertheless feel with some justification that we will simply be a kind of adjunct in the creation process and later excluded from the decision-making and control process.
I do understand Parliament's concern; I do understand the need to nevertheless cooperate fully.
The Treaty of Lisbon also reasserts the right of access to documents by natural or legal persons, while nevertheless ensuring that regulations with criteria and limitations in line with the characteristics of each body will be established.
These talks are progressing slowly, but they are nevertheless progressing and all of the parties are represented there.
Europe's ability to make a substantial difference in the region nevertheless seems to be decidedly low considering the amount of human and financial resources committed.
But next door, Pakistan is potentially a catastrophe in the making - a nuclear arms state plagued by Islamist radicalisation, corruption and feeble leadership, which, nevertheless, we have to help for strategic reasons.
President Lukashenko, who is a quintessentially Homo sovieticus type, nevertheless understands fully what power politics are all about and therefore we need to have a reasonable EU-Belarus trade and political contact and relationship.
It is nevertheless very good that he is here.
The Commission is prepared to reconsider its point of view in this respect, but perhaps we could nevertheless agree to let the regional meetings coincide, as far as possible, with one or two of the plenary meetings, since it seems to me that all the meetings of the European Parliament, together with those of the other institutions, create an awful lot of meetings.
We are, in fact, Rhinelanders, but nevertheless, we are very interested in the Danube, although it actually flows in a direction with which our life paths have relatively little to do.
The exemplary attitude on the part of Islamic NGOs and an uncompromising public stance on the statements by the Prime Minister have nevertheless calmed the situation.
I think all of us hope, nevertheless, to see the day when we will really see this in practice in the People's Republic of China.
The details of the trial, which we have nevertheless been able to learn, indicate clearly that Mr Liu was not afforded the opportunity to present a proper defence and that he did not receive a fair trial.
As the whole world fights the vices of illegality, some national laws nevertheless insult the dignity of honest citizens.
I am uncommonly satisfied about the support and the creativity, but at this moment, I nevertheless want to emphasise that we are not there yet; we may be adopting the frameworks, but the criteria must then be defined and that is still extraordinarily exciting, because you can do everything with money, even the wrong things, which I still have a few concerns about.
At the moment therefore, I do not think we can say precisely when this conflict will be resolved; nevertheless, I can certainly say that the Spanish Presidency joins in congratulating Prime Minister Gruevski and Prime Minister Papandreou on renewing a direct dialogue.
I must nevertheless stress that the High Representative responsible for the Common Foreign and Security Policy did not immediately go there to coordinate our aid.
The ECR Group have nevertheless voted against this resolution for two specific reasons.
While the adage that 'a people that is ready to sacrifice a little freedom for a little security ends up losing both' seems completely over the top to me, I am nevertheless convinced that we must do everything we can to find a balance between freedom and security, because this is the foundation of democracy and because, without that balance, the terrorists will have won if they succeed in terrorising us all.
Although the European Council is very ambitious in this matter, I would nevertheless call on you to ensure even more active participation by the European Parliament, national parliaments and various Council sectors.
It is all the EU has to engage with at UN level and it is nevertheless doing some good work on food security and the rights of the child.
During an economic crisis, it is important for all of us to be as careful as possible with taxpayers' money, but nevertheless to ensure that MEPs are provided with good and efficient resources.
Although observers announced that the Ukrainian presidential elections complied with high quality requirements and democratic principles, Ukraine's government institutions should nevertheless adopt clear election rules.
in writing. - While this report points to a rather less awful CFP than the monstrosity we have now, it nevertheless recommends leaving fisheries under the predatory control of the undemocratic and anti-democratic 'European Union', and, for this reason, cannot be endorsed by UKIP.
It is true that the finance ministers in London and The Hague have right on their side, but nevertheless they also have a significant responsibility.
Let me, nevertheless, emphasise that the potential revenues of a general FTT would be very asymmetric, probably located in only a few countries that have the largest financial centres.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, to be perfectly honest - and everyone knows that I fully support the Commission - your proposals seem singularly timorous. None of them demonstrates a desire to be politically ambitious on a subject that, nevertheless, seems to me to be very important.
We must remove the barriers, and that is why, Mr Harbour, it is important to determine where the missing links are, which is something that is perhaps not emphasised enough, but which is nevertheless laid down in the 2020 strategy.
In this regard, I would nevertheless like to ask the Commission for more flexibility in assessing admissibility criteria for the fund, which should also be activated in the case of structural problems in small and medium-sized local industrial zones.
Whilst globalisation has been shown to be beneficial at a global level, it is nevertheless necessary to pay attention to the occasions where, due to its effects, the less competitive sectors are affected.
I also insist that we need to demand the freedom of all the political prisoners and prisoners of conscience, in Cuba and the rest of the world, but I nevertheless advise against taking action that has already proved to be a failure for Cuba's progression towards democracy and liberalisation, such as the embargo and the blockade.
It is true that in academic circles, in Europe and elsewhere, a debate is, nevertheless, in progress on the effectiveness of this punishment in terms of its preventative action and the protection of innocent human beings.
I should invite the Council to pay very serious attention to achieving this political agreement, but nevertheless also to stress the goal of economic cohesion.
I will, of course, gladly repeat this all again, and again, and again, throughout the spring and until the autumn, but, nevertheless, I would be very happy if some of the proposals which have already been raised, here, were now included in the draft from the European Commission, so that it will, after all, be necessary to repeat less.
If the outside world and non-specialists in this area are also to understand what this is all about, since this is a very technically complex subject matter that nevertheless concerns a democratic institution and serves to eliminate the so-called democratic deficit in Europe, we should point out the following: What this means is that Parliament and the Council, the two legislative powers of the European Union, cannot on their own deal with every matter of detail.
I thought that excessive, but nevertheless believe that we have provided improvements throughout the system.
Even though, at this point, we are only talking about a recasting of the guidelines, I would nevertheless like to take the opportunity to mention a project that is particularly problematic for Austria.
After the 2004 enlargement to central and eastern European countries, the EU has understandably refocused the CFSP towards the east, i.e. Russia, Central Asia and China, but nevertheless, trade between Latin America and the EU continues to grow rapidly.
Although legal requirements for airport regulation strongly differ in various Member States, a reasonable amount of information must nevertheless be provided by the operator to the air carriers so as to make the consultation process between airports and air carriers meaningful.
Although it still has a number of weak points, including publicising and raising awareness of the project itself, the problem of putting 'orphan' works or works subject to copyright online and, not least, a certain patchiness of the objects and materials made available, Europeana is nevertheless exploiting new forms of technology to computerise European cultural heritage on a large scale, drawing not only on EU resources, but also on national and private resources.
The resolution can be seen nevertheless as a quite strong message in view of the EU-US negotiations for a new TFTP agreement after the rejection (assent procedure) last February of the former one even though in our view the text adopted today is a step backwards in comparison with the Parliament resolution adopted last September.
I have to tell you, from the preparatory work going on with our partners in the G20, there are many who oppose this idea; nevertheless, I think we should pursue it.
It is old, but nevertheless there has been a wealth of case law that has become the case law of the constitutional courts and supreme courts of the Member States.
Despite the many achievements of medicine, the spread of cancer in the world today is nevertheless very much on an epidemic scale.
The money is continuing to flow nevertheless and in ever higher amounts.
Despite the fact that the health service is de facto managed by the Member States, the EU can, nevertheless, act to extend health care and be, for example, an excellent platform for the exchange of good practices.
However, without anyone asking, the Council of Ministers - presumably at the recommendation of the socialist political group - decided that it should nevertheless be tabled at this plenary, irrespective of whether or not a month had passed.
We must nevertheless bear in mind a few figures, which will allow us to put the scope of this fund into perspective.
The reason that my group and I are nevertheless opposed to the EU's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights is the fact that the disadvantages clearly outweigh the advantages.
I nevertheless wish that this proposal could have been presented earlier than scheduled, Madam Commissioner.
The Commission nevertheless acknowledges that organised crime is a threat to citizens and the economy throughout the European Union.
At a time of crisis, and of debate on how to maintain a sustainable society and our competitiveness, we are discussing an apparent detail that, as I see it, nevertheless goes to the heart of many people's concerns.
I believe that there should be, nevertheless, a set of clearer standards, but, in another respect, for example, in situations which involve the application of new regulations on eligibility for housing for marginalised communities.
It is because of all that that I believe that we simply have to be aware that we still need many years of major oil consumption but that we must nevertheless be fully ambitious as we walk the path away from oil: 20% renewable energy sources in 10 years' time.
Whereas the focus of the report was to address the current volcano crisis, it has nevertheless sought equally to address the European Union's need to be able to deal effectively with similar crisis situations in the future, should they arise.
I understand that some Members may disagree with this but, nevertheless, the treaties make this absolutely clear, and the judgment by the Luxembourg Court is equally clear as the law stands at the moment.
Although I do not endorse those who would seek to impose demands on regions from above as regards the earmarking programme, the impetus stemming from this report and from the proposals made are nevertheless heading in the right direction and will contribute to the creation of green jobs.
The development of a final storage solution, which we believe to be the next logical step, is nevertheless not a consequence of the closure and decommissioning of the four reactor units at Kozloduy.
The EP has nevertheless managed to secure more public participation, transparency, auditing and reporting provisions compared to the original Commission proposal.
Let us remember that the current government, even though the President has only been in power since December 2008, is nevertheless the result of a military coup that occurred in September 2006.
We currently sell sausages on the market that contain large quantities of connective tissue and fat but are nevertheless referred to as meat.
This announcement was, of course, misleading, but, nevertheless, since the announcement came from the chair of the meeting, it was a valid announcement and, therefore, I think that the vote should be repeated based on the clarification you have just given to us.
These explanations are, nevertheless, absolutely unsatisfactory, taking into account the fact that before the vote, we were told that votes against and abstentions would be counted together, which is in accordance with the requirement for a qualified majority.
We should nevertheless stress another point, which is a basic principle in any discussion of finance, the economic crisis and the market.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (SV) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Lyon has made a few, perhaps small, but nevertheless extremely important steps towards amending agricultural policy.
While that may not be the morbid intention of the Commission, I do nevertheless wonder about its ability to ensure that the EU does not pay twice.
(NL) Madam President, the circumstances in the Gulf of Mexico are not comparable with those in our waters, of course, but I am delighted that the European Union has nevertheless seized the opportunity to examine its own legislation.
It is hoped that TEEB will go some way towards changing this situation so that more of our developing country partners give higher priority to biodiversity conservation and sustainable use in their development strategies but, even where it is not a focus of action in country and regional support strategies, European development policy nevertheless requires that environment and sustainable management of natural resources be treated as a cross-cutting issue to be integrated into all development activities.
Although we may be disappointed by its lack of ambition, it nevertheless shows a desire to attain a specific and clearly identifiable objective, which is new in this area, and it introduces a new dynamic of which we need to take advantage.
Mr President, Commissioner, I, too, would like to congratulate our fellow Member, Mrs Fajon, on her excellent report, and also to say that, although we are talking about a very important first step or phase, the visa exemption proposed in this report is nevertheless the cornerstone of progress on the road to integration.
No EU Member State recognises Taiwan, a territory for which I happen to be the President of the Friendship Group of this Parliament, but nevertheless, our Union is shortly expected - and rightly so - to grant visa-free privileges to Taiwanese nationals.
While welcoming the fact that pains have been taken to deliver visa-free travel and demolish those walls for parts of the Western Balkans, a huge request and an appeal should, nevertheless, be addressed to the European Commission and to the Commissioner, and also to our fellow Members: let us remember the countries of the Eastern Partnership, let us remember, at this time, Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia.
Although - and I would like to thank all the shadow rapporteurs in this regard - this report was adopted by 38 votes to 0 in the committee, I nevertheless feel a need, as rapporteur, to table six additional amendments, three of which relate to developments occurring in the meetings of the Basel Committee, in order to bring the report up-to-date, and three of which relate to the leverage ratio and to the liquidity standards.
The report that we are to vote on now is both balanced and well-worded, but I would nevertheless like to highlight three points on which it could have been clearer.
Their presence is, nevertheless, essential, and we must allow them to complete their mandate in the DRC.
It is not an easy task to deal with this crisis, but we are nevertheless going to do our best.
Germany, in particular, would benefit greatly from a quota, but I am nevertheless against this.
Even though the structure of the European budget is not, of course, at all comparable with the structures of the national budgets, we also need to be restrained, and we must nevertheless talk about areas of focus for the future.
Like all agreements, the final text tends to be a compromise between both parties; this final compromise nevertheless offers a balanced judgment and a reasonable and consistent application of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The new Member States are undoubtedly not entirely satisfied, but it is nevertheless a good thing that a compromise has been reached, and we trust that in future, this may be revised to be even fairer.
The Union Budget must nevertheless be reconsidered in the light of the new powers arising from the Treaty of Lisbon and the need for own resources.
Personally, and yet I do not know why, Mrs Harms, nevertheless I am personally worried, even after our participation in the Ukraine summits, about these signals that we are currently receiving from our Ukrainian friends on the composition of the Central Electoral Commission, media freedom and the restrictions on non-governmental organisations.
The Commission will nevertheless work together with Member States to promote actions to adopt internationally agreed procedures within the structures of the International Maritime Organisation.
I nevertheless voted in favour of maternity leave lasting 20 weeks.
Questioning the Vietnamese-Cambodian border certainly does not help stabilisation in the region, nevertheless this matter should be resolved by political means and not by a judicial sentence.
We nevertheless have to remember that financial supervision will need to improve even after this directive has been adopted.
We can also see something of that in there, as well as the attempt to take the holistic approach, which has not succeeded in quite the way we imagined it would, but is nevertheless on the right track.
The cooperation should be close, but we should, nevertheless, maintain the separate nature of these two entities.
The Taiwanese authorities have nevertheless undertaken to ensure that a visa waiver is in place for nationals of those countries by 11 November, in other words, tomorrow.
Why are we, as Greens, nevertheless voting for this project today?
Apart from that, I am pleased that the passage calling for the pay-as-you-go pension system to be replaced with a capital-funded system was nevertheless rejected by the European Parliament.
It was not, of course, utilised in terms of spending, it was even less utilised in terms of losses, if I may say, but nevertheless, it is an immense effort that has been made.
I will admit that as recently as a year ago, I probably would never have believed that we would come to plenary together in as much agreement as we have nevertheless achieved here in Parliament.
Coal will nevertheless play a key role in our lives in the foreseeable future.
I would nevertheless like to take this opportunity to emphasise the lack of adequate support for scientific research and technological development in the field of native species rearing.
I voted in favour of this report because I think it plays a critical role in facilitating the further development of a non-aggressive but nevertheless coherent and competent face of EU foreign policies.
With regard to the exact year in which the closure aid is to end, we have no strong preferences, but we nevertheless believe that the Commission's proposal of 2014 is more appropriate than the rapporteur's proposal of 2018.
I wish to point out that this deadline obtained for subsidy operations is nevertheless an achievement by the European Parliament, extending the initial deadline of 2014 as proposed by the European Commission by four years.
I was unable to intervene when you excluded from the Chamber our fellow Member from the UK Independence Party (UKIP), but I should nevertheless like to object to the biased implementation of the rules.
It is true that in Europe it is currently colder than it was a few years ago, but, overall, we nevertheless have increasing temperatures throughout the world.
It is a pity that the conservatives were unwilling to support some of the more ambitious proposals, but the adoption of this report nevertheless constitutes a clear call to make ecological considerations an integral part of our economy.
I would nevertheless like to implore the institutions to reach a horizontal agreement on this issue.
The directive nevertheless contains specific safeguards concerning vulnerable consumers.
It is a real shame that, despite the fact that I made a personal approach to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Latvia, pointing out to him the opportunity of drawing on the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, Latvia has nevertheless not made use of this opportunity, even though 15% of Latvia's population is unemployed.
In the course of the negotiations, it was nevertheless decided by the Member States to exclude refugees from the scope of the directive.
The budget is a good compromise inasmuch as we have been able to maintain a low rate of increase but have nevertheless found reasonable resources for our priority areas.
We went to Cancún with lower expectations and we nevertheless managed to achieve something there.
These are three very different types of policies, and if we start with the national action plans, they have not proven to be very effective, but they nevertheless have a large amount of potential.
With regard to the report under examination, a number of Members have proposed strengthening the part on building. There is scope to take a large-scale European initiative on building, which nevertheless accounts for 40% of our energy consumption; we can go much further on renovation.
As this possibility has been introduced by the working group on parliamentary reform, I am very sympathetic to that and we have enough time, but nevertheless I have to ask the speaker if he will take all those questions.
Now it has become 12 months, but I am nevertheless pleased to have a compromise, because I am essentially a positive person.
However, the framework that we have now agreed on nevertheless contains positive elements and therefore, in the spirit of democracy and in order to promote the positive elements that, in spite of everything, are contained in the Treaty of Lisbon, my group will also support this initiative.
(DE) Madam President, I am not a member of any of the committees that are directly involved, but nevertheless I have given our rapporteur, Mrs Gurmai, my full support and I would like to thank all the rapporteurs.
in writing. - (PT) After intense negotiations, it was finally possible to reach an agreement for the 2011 budget; it was not the ideal budget, but it is nevertheless a document that will enable the objectives proposed by the EU to be achieved.
The principle shared by the Council and the Commission is nevertheless delicately balanced because each Member State will have to rely on mutual recognition of national standards, avoiding causing problems to businesses in the sector that rely on metrology rules until the revision of the directive on measuring instruments that will harmonise the relevant legislation at European level is adopted.
Even though the Commission Work Programme 2011 covers only some of the points listed above, I nevertheless consider it necessary to support it.
I am nevertheless pleased that this report highlights countries that have been of particular concern to me during my career - Vietnam, Cuba, Venezuela, Iran, Zimbabwe and North Korea.
There are, nevertheless, two things which we consider need your attention.
Of course, some of the regulations are not exactly ideal, such as the international trade agreement, but nevertheless I agree with the outcome.
It is quite true that even those who take a critical view of the European Union, who are even opposed to it, nevertheless unanimously agree that the European Union does indeed have success stories, such as the programmes that relate to lifelong learning, youth and culture.
I am therefore delighted that although it is not part of the European Economic Area and is not an EU Member State, Switzerland is nevertheless cooperating closely with the European Union in the fields of education, training and youth affairs.
Although it has chosen not to join the European Economic Area, Switzerland is nevertheless cooperating closely with the European Union in the fields of education, training and youth affairs.
in writing. - The annual report on human rights is inevitably a backward-looking exercise but I nevertheless welcome it.
He asked me to mention that ultimately, at second reading, this regulation represents a compromise, a good compromise in his view, but there are nevertheless still a few issues that will need further work.
However, I do nevertheless believe that consumers in Europe have a right to food that is safe.
But, while welcoming these agreements, I nevertheless share with the rapporteur a number of concerns.
One critical element that I nevertheless wish to raise is collaboration with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY).
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, here, I would nevertheless like to express my appreciation and gratitude for your cooperation, on behalf of the Belgian Government and on behalf of my colleagues who have held the rotating Presidency.
Despite the fact that the country has not had a government, the Presidency is nevertheless receiving praise from all sides of this Chamber.
(FR) Mr President, I concur with the practically unanimous messages expressed this morning. Prime Minister, the Belgian Presidency was a good Presidency, because it moved the European project on in a difficult national context, which, nevertheless, did not prevent it from addressing the challenges facing Europe.
In response to some of the speeches, it seems to me that we have nevertheless put the issue of services of general interest on the European agenda. However, it is true that we need to do more and to move forward, especially at legislative level.
It is nevertheless important to focus attention on pointless test requirements and eliminate them, so that we can reduce the administrative burden.
I am well aware that Italy's government is not directly represented here, but it is nevertheless important for Italy itself to begin to acknowledge that this problem must now be resolved.
I agree that we must combat 'medical tourism', but in order to protect patients' rights, we must introduce a simplified prior authorisation system for patients which will nevertheless ensure that healthcare managers are given advance warning of any exceptional costs related to travel to healthcare institutions in other EU Member States.
Several elements of the proposal proved, nevertheless, to be difficult indeed.
Although approximately 3.7 million people live in the Arctic, representing several tens of indigenous peoples, it can nevertheless be regarded to a certain extent as belonging to the world in common.
I support this resolution in support of Christians murdered around the world, but nevertheless regret certain omissions and inconsistencies.
Our resolution should help to ensure that there is nevertheless a different course of events, and that even in this situation, the Pakistani Government can still find the strength to go down the road of bolstering human rights and opposing religious fanaticism.
However, we should nevertheless try to do so.
I believe that we have to lead by example here and, even if it is a task for the Member States, it is nevertheless very important that, under the supervision of the European Union, there is excellent coordination of the Member States.
It is nevertheless important to realise that in the future the interests of poor ACP countries will continue to be better compared to the countries of Latin America.
Without detracting from the importance of this discussion, nevertheless it would also be good to look at the underlying questions arising from the agreement for the liberalisation of the banana trade signed by the European Union.
Very often, this excludes other types of action that are not included within the scope of public development aid, but which are nevertheless essential as part of EU external policy.
In spite of the positive figures, according to which approximately 85% of this type of waste is collected, it is nevertheless found that if we compare the quantity collected with the quantity of such equipment sold on the market, we see that 65% of the equipment sold is collected, while a large part of these data is not reported to the authorities or suitably processed.
Although today it may be Lampedusa that is overrun by this extraordinary flow of migrants, it is nevertheless the whole of Europe that will be involved in the process of destabilisation and change being faced by the whole of the Maghreb.
There is an item in my dossier for the Industry Committee which was not incorporated, but which nevertheless was adopted with a narrow majority.
That means we will not even achieve the goal of the legislation - unless it turns out as I believe it will: in other words, that we will nevertheless achieve this by means of natural progress.
Unfortunately, therefore, we cannot support this agreement, but I would nevertheless like to thank all those involved.
I am grateful for the fact that this decision nevertheless contains a review of the emissions targets for 2014.
However, I would nevertheless like to raise a couple of points of criticism.
Although the purpose of creating an EU patent is positive in the sense that it would help to revitalise and promote innovation in Europe, nevertheless, I would argue that this cannot be pursued with the violation of the fundamental principles of European citizenship itself, with the breaking of Community cohesion and fragmentation of the internal market or with the introduction of new factors of discrimination, inequality and imbalance.
The question regarding political responsibility was thus the following: do we, or do we not, have to support something which, while not being absolutely in line with our preferences - that is, the Community method - nevertheless involves the strengthening of our collective ability to respond to challenges which were not explicitly provided for in the Treaty?
We could nevertheless have hoped for a more ambitious outcome.
We did not achieve that much this time round, but we have nevertheless taken a step in the right direction today, and I think this is good for the internal market and for citizens' chances of getting a decent return on their pensions.
I would also like to mention, nevertheless, the inadequacies which are evident in the case of labour mobility between different Member States.
Regarding corruption, although I acknowledge the commitment of the Croatian Government, which is evident for example in the trials involving two former ministers and a former prime minister, this is nevertheless a phenomenon that continues to be a serious and widespread problem.
We welcome the debate on food prices and price fluctuations, particularly with regard to speculation on food commodities and the weak competition in certain parts of the food chain, but we nevertheless do not believe that this resolution provides an adequate description of the problem.
We are nevertheless continuing to monitor the current and future risk of carbon leakage.
(LV) Mr President, although the situation with women's rights has improved, I should nevertheless like to draw attention to at least three aspects.
In doing these things, I nevertheless naturally think it is equally important to respect the principle of subsidiarity and certain national traits and characteristics that I believe must be defended and protected.
Altogether, the points referred to above resulted in my choosing to vote against the report, which was nevertheless adopted by the European Parliament.
It is clear that the reform process must continue, for example, within the judiciary and with regard to combating conflicts of interest in public administration, and that the priorities recommended by the Commission must be dealt with, but I would nevertheless like to praise the government of Montenegro for the positive reforms that it has succeeded in implementing so far.
Perhaps this should cause us to consider whether the Treaty, which was so greatly trumpeted and said to be a panacea for all of Europe's problems, has nevertheless proved basically to be completely overrated.
We are open to showing practicality and a sense of responsibility in noting that the political conditions do not exist to set up a European mechanism today and, nevertheless, we have shown and continue to show determination in our desire to help insert the mechanism into the Union's legal and procedural framework, whilst also respecting the Treaties.
I supported the report, but nevertheless remain of the same mind.
Over the last few decades, however, around two thirds of the condemnatory resolutions that the Human Rights Council has adopted have concerned Israel, which is nevertheless the sole democracy in that area of the Middle East.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I wished to explain why I abstained from the final vote on the report on Iran because, while I agree with all the criticism against the lack of respect for human rights in Iran, especially with regard to the death penalty, the persecution of sexual minorities, and the lack of respect for freedom of teaching in schools and universities, I am nevertheless convinced that much of the news and information this report refers to comes directly from the US propaganda mill and I cannot trust it
I regret, however, the ESM approval method chosen - a simple consultation of the European Parliament - because the intergovernmental approach has prevailed over the Community approach. This poses a risk to the quality of democratic debate, which is nevertheless necessary in order to implement an effective economic policy.
Those countries that considered it vital to do something in these circumstances acted wisely, but we are nevertheless left with the great contradiction of a European Union that seems to feel awkward, if not actually divided, over what to do.
It is nevertheless unfortunate that the plan is to establish the permanent crisis management mechanism outside the EU institutions.
That is the situation we find ourselves in - in other words, the situation is different in different Member States as regards vulnerability, but we are nevertheless in this together and we need to take a long term- approach to our energy supply.
The second and final lesson is that we must nevertheless not give in to panic.
Despite the non-linear behaviour of the European Commission, we will still nevertheless vote in favour, because we believe in this tool favouring third countries that particularly distinguish themselves compared with others over issues considered to be strategic.
(PT) Madam President, I would like to begin by saying that I welcome the work of Mrs Balzani, but that I would nevertheless like to make a few observations here.
I am also convinced that, ultimately, the Member States will benefit from this, but so will the asylum seekers, who will have the chance, in future, to receive a ruling directly at the first instance in a fair and nevertheless rapid application procedure if this is implemented in the way that we envisage it.
Mr Simpson, as rapporteur you said that this is a technical report, and it is indeed, but nevertheless it is an important one.
We can nevertheless be sure of certain things.
I could focus on the problems that those decisions you have taken in the Council will entail and they certainly will entail problems, but the positive aspect is nevertheless that you have made progress when it comes to economic governance and the macroeconomic aspect.
However, if you do not change your decision-making culture, I fear that in future you will not be able to take the necessary decisions when you are facing difficult considerations on the basis of the recommendations that I nevertheless believe that the Commission will be able to produce.
I can understand your point that discrepancies persist but the Commission will nevertheless do everything it can to facilitate Member States in harmonising the situation between them.
This report shows the contribution that the GUE/NGL Group can nevertheless make to debates in the European Parliament, and I know that we can count on Mr Ferreira to continue this fight for sustainable fisheries, giving priority to small-scale fishermen over industrial groups in the sector.
Even though this is a very big step in the right direction, we are nevertheless not entirely satisfied.
If we look at fraud and so-called irregularities at Union level, there is usually 'only' a specific segment of corruption and fraud in general at the level of individual Member States, but it is nevertheless a very substantial segment.
That is certainly true, but we can nevertheless try to make it useful for citizens.
(FR) Mr President, I would nevertheless like to remind my fellow Members that the Fukushima accident is not over and that there are still risks of explosion relating to the molten core.
There was one case that was also presented here today in which OLAF investigated the problem and referred the whole file with the findings to the French court, which did not support the full extent of OLAF's findings, but nevertheless, the partial recovery of unpaid duties has started.
It accomplishes the amazing feat of never talking negatively about Mr Ouattara's camp, the extent of whose atrocities the United Nations is nevertheless in the process of verifying on the ground.
Of course, last week the prices fell, but nevertheless we can expect prices to remain high.
With regard to mode 4, the problems linked to the recognition of professional qualifications need to be resolved, which is, nevertheless, a fairly difficult issue, given that we have problems with mutual recognition of professional qualifications even between European Union Member States.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, we support the negotiations on this free trade agreement with India, which has to be ambitious but which nevertheless still raises some issues.
I remember very well that when I was young, which is, of course, some time ago, but nevertheless not ages, a lot of children were still working specifically in agriculture, so this is not something that completely belongs to the Dark Ages in Europe either.
The work was demanding, it took a long time, and the issues are quite delicate and awkward, but they nevertheless have to be dealt with and discussed.
It is nevertheless the 16th year in a row that there has not been a clear statement of assurance from the Court of Auditors.
in writing. - I voted to grant discharge to the European Maritime Safety Agency for its 2009 budget but call on the Agency to further reduce the number of posteriori commitments (i.e. legal commitments that were entered into before the corresponding budgetary commitments were made); reminds the Agency that, since 2006, the Court of Auditors has reported infringements of Article 62(1) of the Financial Regulation; welcomes, nevertheless, the Agency's efforts to improve this situation by providing ad hoc training to avoid posteriori commitments.
I welcome, nevertheless, the agency's initiative, made in response to the Court's observation, of signing a framework Partnership Agreement with Member State border authorities.
I would repeat that the stress tests simulate extreme scenarios, but ones which must nevertheless be considered plausible.
The ECR, my group, nevertheless remains constructively engaged with the EEAS.
Our common European values nevertheless allow us to build a European foreign policy that relies on sustainable development and human rights.
Even though forestry policy is primarily a matter for the Member States, it is nevertheless up to the EU to coordinate and complement the Member States' initiatives and forest programmes, giving them added value, and defining a common EU strategy and action plan.
I come from a country where food from cloned animals is prohibited. However, cloning is nevertheless coming in through the back door.
More than 150 amendments were tabled to the report, but I think that it nevertheless still takes a critical approach.
While budgetisation of the European Development Fund does not currently seem feasible, the Commission nevertheless intends to pursue the issue with Member States, taking into account, primarily, the objectives and principles of the Cotonou Agreement.
After great difficulties, problems and struggles of course, I am nevertheless convinced that this is a European success, as has already been mentioned by Mr Leichtfried.
We have discussed at length the practical efficacy of the state machinery of these two countries, as well as their levels of corruption; nevertheless, I believe that the application of Schengen should leave this out of consideration, given that - just as happened with the other Member States - it is sufficient to base a decision only on the efficiency of border controls and the preparation of police forces.
Her Majesty's Government is nevertheless a government that wants to take decisions, that wants to reform not only the UK but also the European Union.
While this method allows certain public services to be excluded on a case-by-case basis and at the request of each Member State by establishing a 'negative' list, it nevertheless runs the risk of potential omissions.
This phenomenon is nevertheless associated with the risk that these countries - and, in particular, their companies - will export labour standards below those of the European Union.
This is a matter that crops up in this Chamber time and time again, but it is nevertheless a highly important one!
Without replacing the process of democratically deciding legislative authority, they nevertheless constitute the backbone of that same process.
The proposed concept may talk about the voluntary application of this instrument, but nevertheless it is clear from many indications that volunteering is only a kind of precursor to a subsequent mandatory application in cross-border contractual relationships.
These obstacles are particularly difficult to overcome for SMEs, which nevertheless are the most effective tool for boosting growth.
Even though all of the requirements for an inclusive, sustainable and competitive Europe are included, there is nevertheless no way in the world that we could finance everything all at once from the EU budget.
Madam President, this is a passionate, exhilarating if somewhat controversial debate, but nevertheless, I am certainly enjoying this expression of democracy.
Madam President, the text of the oral questions might seem abstract and theoretical, but the European Arrest Warrant nevertheless concerns the fates of individuals, human rights and fundamental freedoms.
I would nevertheless point out again that nuclear power is part of the energy mix that we here in this Parliament wanted and hoped for.
Today in Madagascar, there is a transitional government that nevertheless holds no promise of anything good, either on an economic level, if we consider that people there live on less than one dollar a day, or on a humanitarian level.
Of course, all such trials by the US authorities - which, after all, is a country that is a democracy and shares our common values - must nevertheless be conducted fairly with all legal safeguards of due process, and ideally by civilian courts.
I will say it nevertheless, because I am firmly convinced that it is right.
Now, countries with easily accessible external borders are swamped, but the majority of asylum seekers nevertheless are landing in the countries with the most generous social security systems.
With regard to the planned accession of Croatia, the fact that Croatia fulfils the accession criteria is something to be welcomed, but it nevertheless has to be asked how the funding of approximately EUR 500 million to which Croatia is entitled is actually to be financed.
This is a very pragmatic approach that nevertheless takes the environment and the economy into consideration.
Although almost 70% of the population of Lithuania live in cities and suburban areas, my country nevertheless lacks a clear, integrated and sustainable approach.
I believe that this difficult moment in history, which the whole of Europe is experiencing, does, nevertheless, present an opportunity to use the negotiations on the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) to achieve greater synergies from the EU programmes and funds.
Being part of the euro area has been instrumental for most Member States in weathering the adverse effects of the crisis; nevertheless forming part of this group also entails responsibilities as the potential default of one Member State will see a wave of negative effects across the entire area.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, the Maastricht Treaty, which had the merit of laying down the stages for introduction of the single currency, nevertheless failed to meet the expectations of the representatives of those states that wished a further step to be taken towards European integration.
Firstly, I should like to pay tribute to the rapporteur for his efforts to explain and shed light on Alzheimer's disease - a little-known illness which nevertheless represents a veritable health scourge which must be eradicated.
Thank you, Mr President-in-Office, for your reply, which nevertheless directly contradicts what the European public has been told.
There has, nevertheless, been a political commotion about alternative assessment, a commotion which, in my opinion has grown totally out of proportion.
This is true above all in respect of antifouling paint for boats, but I am nevertheless in favour of the report.
The contradiction in this report resides in the fact that some of the conclusions insisted, nevertheless, as is recognised, on maintaining the existing criteria with a view to the single currency, in the suggestion of tightening up the criteria after 1999 (with disciplinary or punitive measures applied to the 'ins' and the 'outs' , despite the fact that a multi-speed Europe has already been accepted), by restating - unbelievably - the principle that EMU can actually foster social cohesion, when it is really a contradiction in terms, by putting back on the table a proposal of conditionality for the Cohesion Fund and the implicit rejection of the creation of identical regulations for the structural funds after 1999.
Like Mr Apolinário, you are well aware that those were not really points of order, but in view of the gravity of the events you have reported I am nevertheless glad to take due note of them.
Madam President, some speakers have already indicated that we are particularly shocked to see Africa's oldest democracy, which in spite of the unfavourable circumstances under which it was founded in the last century, has nevertheless managed to represent what might be called a model of development, plunged into such difficulties.
This report is about people and those old, but nevertheless important, values like public service and people's need. It is a report which protects postal services.
The Council position also fails to take sufficient account of how to target specific groups, but nevertheless we think that the position is deserving of our support, and Mrs Baldi's report certainly is too.
I should nevertheless like to stress two points which could, I believe, hinder the progress of this programme.
Mr President, we do not regard ourselves as a Group of ill-will, or racist or short of intelligence; nevertheless we are by no means ready to support the development of political Islamism.
How sad to hear in this House that although democracy has not been established by a particular government and human rights are not fully respected, nevertheless relations with that government must be privileged!
This is nevertheless the policy we are pursuing in a great many countries today.
These words, though quite innocuous in themselves, nevertheless mean that it is being left to the discretion of each Member State to do what it wants when it wants.
I have nevertheless tabled three amendments, as I believe there are a number of things Mr Argyros has forgotten.
I hope there will be no repetition of this and that studies on transport will nevertheless continue to be an important feature of subjects for research.
And it is nevertheless necessary to maintain and recognize those fields of excellence that are specific and particular to the European Union.
In its report the Committee on Transport and Tourism has tabled a number of proposals to improve matters, but as a whole the proposed action programme nevertheless takes the enormous challenges facing transport policy with regard to environmental adjustment far too lightly.
Finally, we cannot accept the procedure that has been followed, and a situation where, although the Council has not adopted the Commission's proposal by a qualified majority, the Commission nevertheless has the right to implement it of its own volition.
Although we are aware of the financial constraints which restrict what the governments can do, our group nevertheless regrets the changes which the Council has made to the Commission's proposals.
Although I obviously cannot reply to all the questions you raised, I should nevertheless like to say something about EMS II and unemployment, two subjects which were mentioned in almost every question.
I am nevertheless abstaining because so many paragraphs of the report recommend completion of monetary union and the establishment of a new ERM.
While it is true that my group's request does not correspond to the currently accepted international principles, it would nevertheless be very appropriate in a report which in several respects takes issue with those principles.
You accompanied us, Mr Monti, with a great deal of attention and political intelligence, down a road which was nevertheless full of pitfalls.
And secondly, there are the dairy farmers, for whom beef nevertheless represents around a quarter of their income, in the form of veal calves and cull cows.
As you know, that sum is set aside under the new programme of TACIS 1996; nevertheless preparations for its disbursement are already in hand.
Although harmonization with the Community sphere, particularly for points 1 to 6 of Article 1, is desirable, we should nevertheless consider it point by point and take the necessary precautions.
The Ombudsman is nevertheless a parliamentary Ombudsman and his presence here today is an indication of that.
Perhaps you will allow me, nevertheless, to tell you, on behalf of the Commission - and in particular of my colleague, Mrs Anita Gradin, whom I am representing - the Commission's view of this institution and of the work it has done.
Mr President, although my Group regards the Council proposal for the establishment of this programme as highly positive it nevertheless regrets that the budgetary allocation envisaged in principle is insufficient to achieve the objectives set by the promotion of linguistic diversity with a view to the new information society.
But its adherence to this legal basis has not prevented it from nevertheless asking the Committee of the Regions to give its opinion, which I am sure you are familiar with.
But I ought explain why the European Council in Florence nevertheless provided a number of indications along the right lines, especially with regard to the Confidence Pact for employment.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, while the Florence summit confirmed that the intergovernmental conference will end by mid-1997, it nevertheless revealed that the preparatory work for that conference was far from well advanced and would have to be speeded up in order to reflect the determination of the Member States to adopt a genuinely strong policy to ensure better preparation of the next summit in Dublin.
What I dislike about Mrs Mosiek's report, although I wish her all luck with it, is that objectives which are nevertheless worth while, such as the environment and I should say also social legislation, are dragged in.
It is my opinion nevertheless that, by responding positively to the Council's common position, we must demonstrate our willingness to carry out the Commission's intentions.
Let us take care to ensure that, following the example of a certain Middle Eastern country in which the obsession with security is resulting in the peace process being brought to a halt - a country which nevertheless remains a friend - the need to safeguard the Union's security is not allowed to serve as a pretext for those who do not wish the European Union to move forward.
On the other hand, it is nevertheless a step forward that openness is being introduced as regards this unacceptable practice, and we are requesting a separate vote so that we can vote in favour of openness and against accepting gifts.
The proposals should nevertheless be supported as an initial measure.
It also gives me an opportunity to offer my personal congratulations to Mr Ford for having come up with some provisions which, though they may not go far enough for some people here, nevertheless allow the process of clarification to begin on a sound footing.
Mr President, Mr Kittelmann, I know that this is really more of a technical report, but nevertheless we must also look at the political background, as the previous speaker has already said.
There was then certainly no democracy but there was nevertheless a certain sense of hope.
The Commission, which has had the opportunity to take part in some of the activities of Father Shay Cullen's Preda Foundation against child prostitution, nevertheless immediately asked that an enquiry be quickly carried out on the spot.
Even if such delays can be attributed partly to the length of the procedure for electing the Ombudsman, we should nevertheless be very vigilant to prevent the right of citizens to petition from being undermined by procedural obstacles.
Mr President, although it is right to start from the Marcinelle drama in looking at the acts of violence, especially those of a sexual nature, committed against children all over the world, it must nevertheless be recognized that what has happened in Belgium has such unusually serious aspects that it points to a deepseated disease of our society whose roots must be brought to light.
I could give you at least ten examples of public service monopolies which nevertheless do not provide a universal service.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, although we Members of Parliament welcome the diversification of the new programme planning in the three countries Greece, Spain and Portugal, especially the concentration of investment on important infrastructure measures, the more broadly-based assistance to services and the more broadly-based assistance to employment, we nevertheless call for urgent improvements in the implementation of the structural funds in these countries.
If we start with this last thing and look where that burden might reasonably be shifted to, we see that capital, which is certainly not possible in the immediate future, capital which is nevertheless the most mobile factor, and perhaps an increase in excise duties but certainly in VAT, really offers the only realistic opportunity for Member States to shift the tax burden from labour to other factors.
Such a modification of the regulation arrangements seems unnecessary but the Commission will nevertheless seek to ensure that the final decision by the Council on the amounts in the annex takes account of the decision of the 23-24 July Council on the Community withdrawal compensation.
Leaving aside this philosophical debate, I note that the report fails to mention certain breaches of human rights which nevertheless cannot be denied. A case in point is the infringement of the right to free speech.
But I believe this time we have a report which, though it might not be what all of us would have wished in every respect, nevertheless commands very wide support.
From his name, Mr van den Broek should know a good deal about water, although it is swampy water and that makes for hard sailing, but nevertheless we are curious to know what the Commission will have to say.
As a result, the Union for Europe Group will support Mr Herman's report, while nevertheless expressing certain reservations about the creation of a European regulatory body in the communications sector.
Let me deal firstly with the charge which is no longer made so often, but nevertheless continues to crop up - not least in this debate - that we are obsessed with the market, frantic liberalizers who ignore the social effects of what we are doing.
We must nevertheless be realistic about one thing: growth alone will have only a minimal impact on employment.
I would nevertheless add a rider to the solutions which he offers.
If it nevertheless arises, methods must be developed to dispose of it in an environmentally sound manner.
We regret that the common position did not end up being any clearer or more precise but as it nevertheless demonstrates a willingness to go in the direction of benefits for workers we are voting for it.
I am nevertheless voting for the report as I believe that its main demand - that the issue should be investigated - is very reasonable.
Perhaps the point of order I wanted to raise has partly been dealt with, but I will raise it nevertheless, so that it can be recorded in the Minutes.
None of these conditions had been met by the end of December 1995 but nevertheless some of us believed the assurances given by the presidency of the Council, by the Commission and above all by the Turkish Government.
On behalf of the EPP Group let me nevertheless say that the alternative to holding these elections would have been the persistence of an intolerable situation in which the dominant national or nationalist parties would have continued to have the say without any legitimation.
I nevertheless deplore the lack of balance in the resolution.
We have naturally supported the resolution but we regret nevertheless that our amendments were not adopted, especially that concerning the need to take the initiative to arrange an international conference aimed at solving the Kurdish problem.
I should nevertheless like to ask those who use these economic arguments to think again.
I am voting for the amendments in the Martinez report but should nevertheless like to state my objection to the erroneous statements made in the section on bread.
It does not prevent the Commission from counting on substantial growth in 1997, however, and without wishing to inflict too many figures on the House, I should nevertheless like to supply you with the main data.
Unfortunately, the Council seems to have retreated before the arm-waving of extremist supporters of free movement who, nevertheless, represent virtually no sector of public opinion.
In our discussions, we often overlook the fact that Russia is the largest country in Europe in terms of population and that, even though it is no longer a superpower comparable to the USA, it nevertheless remains in point of fact the most powerful country in Europe.
The economic situation nevertheless offers some glimmers of hope.
Mr President, the Council refuses to draw conclusions from the opinion of the Court of Justice of 28 March 1996 which nevertheless is perfectly clear since it says that Article 235 cannot serve as a basis for widening the powers that the Treaty confers on the Community or for revising the Treaty.
I would like, nevertheless, to draw the honourable Member's attention to the fact that the provisions for economic and monetary union are set out in a very precise manner in Title IV of the Treaty on European Union.
In our resolution of May 1996 we assessed the proposal as generally satisfactory; nevertheless we tabled 13 amendments, which the Commission largely incorporated.
Unfortunately, there are not more tax payers here this evening, but nevertheless I am sure the business can faithfully be undertaken even as they retire to their beds.
It ought nevertheless to be possible to support projects such as the Bothnia and Atlantic lines, which are based on regional and environmental considerations.
Now the EU budget is nevertheless being decided on in a lengthy and complicated process which allows me few opportunities to influence the House with my vote.
I believe nevertheless that we should pursue our efforts in two directions.
Thus, although motions for resolutions made in the name of the PPE Group and the Green Group specifically state a condemnation in due and proper form, by the Turkish authorities, of the attack on St George's cathedral, the joint resolution nevertheless deplores the absence of such condemnation.
I am aware of the multiple problems facing that poor country - one of the world's poorest - but nevertheless, I think we can expect from the government of Bangladesh the same respect for human rights that we expect from the rest of the countries in the world.
The Croatian authorities could nevertheless do more to create the necessary confidence in Serbs who are likely to return.
I hope that the Commission, which though not sufficiently energetic was nevertheless energetic enough to announce a joint measure prior to the start of this Ottawa conference, will in any event show the necessary will to get all 15 Member States to speak with a single voice so that there is not one of the 15 Member States reluctant to sign the treaty banning these anti-personnel mines.
So far the Commission has not published its planned reform, but its content has nevertheless become known and achieved an important record for the Commission: a demonstration in Brussels by some 5, 000 people representing farming organizations and the unions of producing countries.
In this, the Court pointed out that the contract had been concluded without the prior approval of the Financial Controller, that the European Parliament is nevertheless required to meet obligations it has entered into, and that, internally speaking, the European Parliament should ensure a clear separation of duties.
I know that you are under pressure of time, Mr Tomlinson, and you have not been able to study everything, but I am nevertheless very grateful for the work done in your committee, and I am pleased that we were able to cooperate there.
I have nevertheless concluded that the report should be supported, in spite of its shortcomings.
I should nevertheless like to thank Mr Wijsenbeek for bringing this matter to our attention.
I do nevertheless still have some serious criticisms.
The Rübig report, as agreed with the Committee on the Environment, nevertheless provides a response to the Commission's proposal.
In other words, why the Council was not of the view that a delegation should be sent to Turkey when it is nevertheless clear that Turkey is failing to recognize human rights, and when the diseases are becoming worse and worse in Turkey.
However, I would like to note, and I believe the President-inOffice will agree with me, that American cinema and television productions nevertheless account for over 60 % of the programmes broadcast by the most basic audiovisual media in Europe, and of course, of the films shown in Europe, particularly in the smaller countries.
Not only that, but those who are trying to push us in that direction are also involving us in another system, a hybrid system lacking in any logic, comprising a parliament which would not respect the fundamental principle of one man, one vote, and which would nevertheless have the right to take legislative decisions.
But nevertheless it is a worrying development to see the chemical industry so deeply involved in biotechnology.
Starting with Mr Van Velzen's report, we are looking at some good work - work which is encapsulated in the consensual style of the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, pooling all possible contributions and resulting in bulky documents which I nevertheless see as positive and interesting.
But secondly I would nevertheless say that energy policy does not play the role in the European Union that it really deserves.
The undersigned are voting for the d'Ancona report but would nevertheless like to draw attention to a number of our standpoints.
I have nevertheless supported the report because the Committee on Budgets supports the criticisms of the Court of Auditors and others.
I nevertheless, as a realist, acknowledge that it is a fact.
In those circumstances it certainly was necessary to come forward with proposals that whilst not conforming to what she would want or indeed, maybe what I would want, nevertheless made the best of what could be done in the legal circumstances at the time.
I myself and a number of my colleagues from the Swedish Social Democratic Party will nevertheless abstain on the Metten, Christodoulou and Herman reports.
If it nevertheless happens that resources are returned to the EU budget, these must obligatorily be used for labour market activities.
This idea, of course, is directly inspired by the initiative adopted by Commissioner Cresson in connection with the refinancing of the Fourth Framework Programme, with the concept of task forces, which certainly did not enjoy unanimous support within this House but was nevertheless a very much more proactive, targeted and organized approach, centring on research projects which were regarded as likely to provide impetus.
However, I would nevertheless like to congratulate Mr Belleré on his favourable report on the proposal for an eighth Parliament and Council Directive on summer-time arrangements.
In my view this should not result in a common labour market policy, since the regions are so different, but we must nevertheless work together, the Union and the Member States.
We nevertheless approve of the fact that the report wants fulfilment of the convergence criteria to be interpreted generously.
So this House is taking sides in a quarrel which regularly makes front page headlines but is nevertheless a bogus one.
We are nevertheless opposed to this report, mainly for two reasons: paragraph 5 refers to increasing the Union's budget.
These reports deal with certain points which, whilst important, are nevertheless of a somewhat technical nature.
My main objection is that all the measures referred to in this report - which I regret to say offers no support for the principle of the traditional family unit and fails even to mention the unfortunate, but nevertheless clear link between drug trafficking and mass immigration - could actually be organized much more efficiently by the Member States.
This programme, which we can only approve in principle - since its aim is to improve the training of national customs officers and facilitate cooperation between their administrations - has nevertheless undergone several unwelcome changes in the course of the debate.
In my opinion this report, which is a very well-balanced one, is nevertheless based on a fallacy, namely that the deepening and the enlargement of the Union can - or even must - take place simultaneously.
The United Kingdom Government has expressed certain reservations about putting forward pacts as such but, nevertheless, it believes that the United Kingdom experience would be valuable for the other Member States and it is interested in sharing that experience, particularly at European level.
Madam President, let me begin by making it clear that while, on the one hand, the opening-up and partial liberalization of the internal market in electricity is a crucial step towards full achievement of the single market, we have, nevertheless, to understand that the Council's common position is a stage that has, as other honourable Members have said, to be viewed as the starting-point for further developments rather than the final position for this most important of sectors.
Some harmonisation is nevertheless necessary, because of the development of wildcat competition which is making the activity of some postal services, already threatened by technological evolution, lose money.
I am still convinced that the possibility of enhanced cooperation will nevertheless have to remain open, by being compatible with the Union's objectives, and by respecting the Community's achievements and the single institutional framework.
The Commission will, nevertheless, take very careful note of the resolutions which you decide to adopt in the formulation of its future policies, and I would like to join too in congratulating you on your maiden speech.
For example, Mr Posselt - who was quite right in saying that we should not mix up apples and pears - nevertheless made allegations about all the committees in the Slovak Parliament being controlled by the government, with no opposition members.
Although the Commission has always condemned the PKK, in line with the policy of the European Union and several Member States which have also banned the activities of that organization on their territory, we nevertheless deplore the fact that Turkey opposes entry into its territory by Member States' MPs on such grounds.
Although we have no desire to intervene in Algeria's internal affairs, there are nevertheless many questions that have to be asked about that referendum, which strengthens the powers of the president, prohibits the formation of political parties based on religion or region, and makes no changes to the family code, in which discrimination against women is retained.
In conclusion, although this comes in the form of a recommendation and not a directive, it is nevertheless an important proposal which, if enacted, will be another step towards enabling disabled people to take advantage of the freedom of movement enjoyed by other European citizens.
While the resolution acknowledges that primary responsibility rests with the Member States it nevertheless proceeds to outline several practical ways where the Community could, within its own sphere, pursue this rightsbased approach.
Without wishing to criticize the Irish presidency in this respect, I would nevertheless point out that there is so much fog surrounding these issues that I cannot say that things have now been made so clear that nothing can go wrong with the Dutch presidency.
We are glad that the excessive administrative costs have not been applied to inshore fishermen but, nevertheless, we welcome what has been done so far.
Even although this is well below what Parliament originally asked for I nevertheless believe that we can accept it in view of what we have achieved elsewhere.
Mr President, although aware of the absolute need to put into effect strict preventive measures and effective rules to combat atmospheric pollution, our society is nevertheless revealing itself to be hidebound and inclined to inflict damage on itself.
I think that if the UK Government does not review its position or does not do so in the near future the Commission's services can be used creatively in such a way that there is nevertheless room under the present framework for the Commission to help the network of existing research bodies.
And even if we are not there yet, we should nevertheless congratulate the European Commission on this initiative.
Although I can see the clear rationale for that idea I should, nevertheless, stress, that this and equally valid ideas can be treated more effectively in the context of other Community policies, in this case those relating to industrial materials and processes.
Mr President, I hope you will forgive me for taking the floor without being able to break into song like our colleague, but I do nevertheless have a few words to say.
The committee's report nevertheless remains a crushing indictment of the functioning of the European institutions as a whole.
Although it is true that we cannot censure the Commission that is now in office, because it bears only part of the responsibility, most of which lies with the previous Commission, it is equally true that we can nevertheless require the Commissioners, subject to a very precise time limit, to adopt a policy of reform and rectification, unless it wishes to share the responsibility of its predecessors and of those others, headed by the United Kingdom, responsible for the general mismanagement of this crisis.
I would nevertheless like to return to Mr Santer's statements.
Parliament decided otherwise and did not follow this demonstration, which was nevertheless very strong and based on considerable Parliamentary evidence.
The spread of BSE among the cattle population has now decimated affected herds and ruined the cattle industry throughout Europe, consequences in themselves extremely serious, but nevertheless out of proportion with the threat on human health if contamination of man from the meat of sick animals is confirmed.
The Commission's report on social protection in Europe in 1995, commented on by our colleague Mrs Weiler, proposes a general disputable framework, but nevertheless hides some analyses which are very relevant, especially on interruptions or reductions of activity in order to provide care.
Several years of this regime have led the Algerian people to a state of absolute despair, but the time has nevertheless come to recall the contents of the texts signed by the Algerian government in Barcelona, in 1995, on the exercise of fundamental freedoms and human rights.
Speaking on my own behalf, and aware of the fact that I am going against the current of current trends, I must nevertheless say that I do not feel it possible to support amendments 5, 12, 13 and 14, which pose a true problem of political philosophy, as they establish an inequality of right in the recruitment and promotion of Community officials.
I know that it is not growing at the same rate in all the Member States but, nevertheless, it is a developing market and will, I imagine, become more and more commonplace everywhere in the EU.
Today, by adopting the motion for a resolution tabled by five groups, and our Amendments Nos 1 and 2, the European Parliament can help us to make the French Government withdraw its intention of adopting a law to subject foreigners to incrimination and rejection, an opportunist law, admittedly, but nevertheless the very, very old law of the scapegoat.
I hope that he will nevertheless be informed of the contents of this debate.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I must first congratulate the rapporteur, who is nevertheless my friend, Raimondo Fassa, for his excellent report, and I must also thank the members of the Foreign Affairs Committee who have favourably received all the suggestions made by this committee.
First of all, we acknowledge that the Commission makes a valuable and important distinction between the different types of disaster - from pure natural disasters which may nevertheless have structural causes or be endemic in nature to limited natural disasters: floods, earthquakes, etc., and then manmade emergencies involving violent conflicts.
That is obviously a very complex situation but, nevertheless, one which requires a flexible response.
This can be very difficult to achieve, especially in humanitarian crises involving massive refugee flows and insecurity, but it is nevertheless essential both to make the best use of funds and to maintain public support for provision of life-saving aid in the longer term.
Yes to doing the right thing by the citizens; yes to fulfilling the promise we made - and I include myself in the 'we' as one of those with an interest in seeing this European Union progress; yes to the promise we made for a free and open European Union in which we can travel; yes to being able to call upon the Court of Justice of the Union to uphold that; yes to as flexible a Union as is desired, but one which is moving forward, not towards a scenario in which - as seems to be the case in the CIS - we should have little to offer with the States nevertheless rapidly reaching agreement saying 'don't worry, at least as regards security, your security, we shall reach agreement; yes indeed, just don't tell us how' , but rather towards a scenario of greater democracy.
To return to the subject of the Trakatellis report, I must say that, in spite of the large number of amendments it contains - which might suggest that it is a very controversial and polemic report - I nevertheless think, as some speakers have mentioned, that irrespective of the amendments - very partial ones -which have been adopted or which are to be put to the vote tomorrow, the whole Parliament is agreed that this proposal for a directive is timely and necessary and that the report is an excellent one - my congratulations to Mr Trakatellis - and that most of the Committee's amendments are aimed at combining prudence on the part of the public authorities, which we are, in laying down a legal framework with continuing to make use of the resources obtained as a result of genetic engineering.
As I said, the question of the actual implementation and choice of route are matters to be decided on by the Member States but nevertheless the European Council and the Council as such have always considered it a high priority.
It is a highly political report and has a very clear starting premise which is that, despite the crisis in the transit system and the damage caused by the problems in the transit system, transit arrangements are nevertheless vital to the single market and must change if they are to serve the needs of the single market. They must change because they are outdated, inhibit transit and encourage fraud and corruption.
We have nevertheless decided to support the report including most of its proposed amendments and can only regret the vagueness with which the report has been put forward.
It is desirable, of course, that language training should be promoted, but I nevertheless consider it unrealistic to set our sights on a situation in which everyone speaks at least two foreign languages.
The Netherlands fortunately does not, but nevertheless three-quarters of the entire customs and excise service is paid by Europe, a point which the Finance Ministry conveniently forgets to mention, though it is always quick enough to mention the sums it has to pay out to Europe.
At present the state of the art of these three pillars is generally speaking satisfactory, nevertheless in each of the three cases, problems are apparent which, if not resolved, could jeopardize everything.
Even though the Common Fisheries Policy does too often adopt an approach which is more remedial than positive, it nevertheless plays a not insignificant role in these sensitive regions, to the benefit of fishing communities.
Some of the central European countries - Poland, Hungary, the Czech and Slovak Republics, etc. which had a national political tradition and relatively developed market economies, in a sense, have nevertheless experienced great difficulties. But for them the process of liberation from the Soviet system has been a kind of return to the national identity.
While encouraging the difficult process of co-operation in the region, we must nevertheless respect the specific characteristics and identity of each State.
Because, although the information society must be regarded as a positive element in the provision of a modern education, we must nevertheless remain vigilant: the campaign against academic failure and the reduction of inequalities must remain our priorities, and there is no certainty that multimedia development is always beneficial to the achievement of these objectives.
I was pleased that at the end you did nevertheless use the term human rights, which helped me to avoid making such a decision.
Regarding the specific case of Charentes, it would be suicidal to abandon permanently, as some people have nevertheless suggested, some 20, 000 hectares - 25 % of the wine-growing potential of the region.
Something that has been proved harmless in animal experiments may nevertheless cause serious reactions in human beings.
The proposal amending the directive on the protection of workers against carcinogens nevertheless constitutes a step forward as regards the protection of the health of workers.
I quite understand why he made this point, but I am nevertheless grateful to have had the chance to listen to the various speeches, which have shown how incredibly complicated this issue is, and how difficult it is to reach a consensus on the human rights situation in the Union.
I am ready, nevertheless, Mrs Randzio-Plath, if you wish, to organise a working group between a delegation of parliamentarians and my departments, before we have the Annual Economic Report adopted by the Commission.
Amendment No 11 does nevertheless seek to introduce such a geographical concept by suggesting that a system is located in the Member State where the book entry takes place.
Point 2 of paragraph 1 of Article 3 nevertheless opens up the possibility that a payments system can be set up and that payment orders cannot be recognized until it is established that there will not be problems with clearance of those payments because all the financial institutions have sufficient cover or have provided a surety.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism, in its recommendation for the second reading, nevertheless called again for penalties for driving offences imposed by one Member State to be recognized in all other Member States.
The Council indicated that it regarded the proposal as a welcome step forward, but nevertheless believed that a number of problems remained to be solved.
I would like to emphasize that even though some amendments cannot be accepted today the Commission nevertheless appreciates that the European Parliament is putting forward interesting ideas for further examination in the decisiontaking procedures that lie ahead.
Although the Commission is prepared to accept the thinking behind these amendments, the latter are nevertheless not consistent with Community fisheries policy.
I remain nevertheless convinced that the setting up as of today of mandatory standards for 2005 does not constitute the best solution.
I am sure it will allow us to carry out a differential adjustment of the standards for 2005, with greater pragmatism nevertheless with regard to technical progress achieved.
If the exaggerations and legal incongruities contained in the text which was voted upon here at the first reading were to be retained by the Council - which fortunately will not be the case - such a directive would nevertheless run the risk of not remaining insignificant to women, since it would discourage employers from conducting an active policy for the employment of women.
Secondly, the draft treaty between Belarus and Russia can only be analysed within the much wider scope of the re-structuring of the CIS, a problem which cannot be put to one side, but which is nevertheless completely forgotten in the common resolution.
What to do, how to help end the obscene contrast between the riches of Zaire and the depredation of the Zairean people, whose collective inheritance nevertheless represents 10 % of world copper reserves - of 3 to 7 % purity against a world average of 1 %, 80 % of workable reserves of cobalt - the price of which has doubled since 1991, and deposits of diamonds, gold and uranium.
The rapporteur has rightly highlighted several shortcomings, but it is still true, nevertheless, that the Commission is fulfilling its promise: to provide a quite precise view of the situation.
I spoke earlier this week in the debate on driving licences and argued then, as I do now, that part of free movement within the European Union is to recognize that there are diverse legal systems within that Union but that it is nevertheless possible to have a recognition of qualifications and laws.
Perhaps he prefers not to, but I should nevertheless like to hear what he has to say.
Certainly not 37 million, but the population nevertheless has a greater awareness of the problems of AIDS sufferers than those of disabled people.
Without wishing to question the argument for the single currency, we can nevertheless note, in order to deplore it, the very prejudicial effect on European economies and the use of stringent plans implemented by the Member States, to the point that it seems that the priority given to the reduction of public deficits in accordance with the criterion of Maastricht, to mention only one, prohibits any economic renewal, holds back growth and annihilates any effort towards the creation of jobs.
Crafts firms and small firms often operate only on a local market, nevertheless they are fully exposed to the increased competition in the single market.
While we want to support the democratic forces in Chile as best we can, nevertheless we are aware that there is still some way to go in Chile's transition to full democracy.
This agreement is consistent with the development of our relations with Latin America which allow for diversity between the various countries but nevertheless form a single whole.
While emphasizing that it is impossible for the Commission to monitor the implementation of Community provisions on the ground, the report nevertheless puts forward proposals designed to rationalize the application of the legislation and to offer Europe's citizens the necessary information and powers to ensure compliance with environmental law.
And I am delighted that those colleagues who have tabled amendments have nevertheless managed to improve this good text further still.
The large number of petitions nevertheless shows that there is still much scope for action and improvement.
This is true but in order to avoid misunderstandings it ought to be pointed out that those countries which are not full members of NATO or the WEU are nevertheless not trying to hitch a ride.
Against this background, the Council nevertheless expresses the hope that the transition process in Zaire will take place peacefully.
For these reasons, while the Committee on Fisheries is in favour of ratification of the agreement, it is nevertheless unanimously opposed to point 3.2 of the proposal.
I can understand that this does not suit her, as a Frenchwoman, but nevertheless one should not mix up the facts.
The Commission had nevertheless to consider carefully all possible consequences of its action.
As you have seen, Greece now plays a positive part in solving the problems, in the effective implementation of a policy of interregional and cross-border cooperation, and in the peaceful settlement of any differences in that difficult area of south-eastern Europe, which is nevertheless very important for European integration.
I should like to conclude expressing the hope that, nevertheless, we will stop speaking about Maastricht in June and that a new era in European construction will begin.
A good deal more work is naturally required here. For example, even now there are still some Chinese boxes, as it were: companies registered in Community countries but which nevertheless do not meet all the requirements of reliability and trustworthiness when accidents occur.
From this point of view, we think that the Lannoye report gives a positive boost towards finding ways of seriously tackling such an important problem, concerning the health of millions of ordinary people, and lends support to a considerable number of people who are specialized in, working on or providing this type of medical service and who, nevertheless, are entitled to know what the status of their profession is.
I have expressed my concerns over the public deficits and those about the real areas such as unemployment, but nevertheless it has to be acknowledged that we have gone a long way down the road and I think that I can fundamentally be confident in the future progress of Europe's monetary construction.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is hard to follow a rapporteur who has already given a brilliant presentation of the issues involved, but I nevertheless take the opportunity to praise the report.
I am grateful to Mr Bangemann for the fact that, despite the wording of Article 8, where it does say that the Commission may issue rules for implementation - Parliament didn't want it to say that the Commission must issue rules for implementation - he has nevertheless declared his willingness to arrange implementing provisions on labelling.
One last word. I welcome inclusion of the public services in the Treaty while regretting nevertheless, at this stage, that they remain under the competition heading.
When the European Parliament's powers are not genuinely strengthened, there is nevertheless a relationship with national parliaments - I aim my remarks at Mr Dankert.
You will nevertheless understand that the Union's role in these regions is limited to support.
The European Union's foreign policy presents, happily I would say, a number of positive elements too: we are the world's number one donor, Europe supports countries and people who are suffering throughout the world and we are also ready to explain to our publics that it is necessary to pursue the huge international effort in order to reestablish and reconstruct former Yugoslavia, a situation which we did not sufficiently react to at the time, in terms of political and diplomatic activity; but, nevertheless, we are now genuinely trying to consolidate the Dayton Peace Agreement.
I think that this report makes it clear that we are laying the foundation for constructive co-operation, that we have noticed the small but nevertheless real improvements which have taken place in China while at the same time we openly and without reservation level the necessary criticism, which is absolutely justified, against the very serious shortcomings in the Chinese system when it comes to democracy and human rights.
As these unequal conditions are persisting despite the existence of laws on formal equality, while the Committee on Women's Rights recognizes that the code is certainly a weak instrument, it nevertheless feels it may prove strong enough to reveal the mechanisms which conceal the disparities and thus help identify systems which could become more binding in the future.
If this project is to succeed, it seems nevertheless worthwhile recalling the need to insert into the Treaty on Union a new article on youth, integrating this service, while maintaining the voluntary nature of the service based on a specific legal and financial status.
It was nevertheless vital, as our rapporteur rightly emphasized, to strengthen and broaden participation in the programme.
It considers that an attempt at harmonization - even with limited objectives, even, let us be frank, a somewhat timid attempt - would nevertheless make it possible to establish a degree of fairness between the various stock market players, acting as a deterrent to purely speculative raids by the strongest of those players.
Taking account of the difficulties I have mentioned, I believe the Commission proposal nevertheless deserves our full approval, in the version proposed by the rapporteur.
That is rather technical but, nevertheless, important to the clarity and transparency of our budget.
Madam President, with all due respect for the positive aspects, we must nevertheless concentrate on the objectives the Amsterdam conference did not achieve.
But I would suggest - and this is my final word on the subject, in the form of a sort of appeal - that we should focus not on the disappointment that many of us, honourable Members here, members of governments and the presidency, feel about certain sections of the Treaty, but on the determination that has been shown to continue down the road we have chosen, perhaps sometimes more slowly than we might wish, but nevertheless to press on tirelessly, because we want our children and our grandchildren to inherit an undivided, prosperous and peaceful Europe.
Although administratively it forms part of Parliament's Directorate of Studies (DG IV), it is nevertheless an independent assessment body working for our institution.
Finally, the main body of the text contains specific proposals to reinforce and supplement the Green Paper, a document which we nevertheless regard as a sound basis for action.
Imperfect, because it is necessary nevertheless to emphasize the considerable improvements introduced by Members to Articles 3 and 9 of the text, which spell out the relevant ethical principles.
Whilst the rapporteur's approach, which follows the European Parliament's traditional steadfast determination to reduce overall EAGGF expenditure, has the merit of being rational, it nevertheless relies, in my view, on an erroneous perception of agricultural expenditure.
It is, nevertheless, an acceptable first step in implementing the freedom to provide services in regular bus services.
If the Luxembourg presidency or the Commission, as has been announced, nevertheless takes steps to force it down the throat of my country, Flanders, they must be fully aware that a whole people, the Flemings, will then turn against this Europe, and that would be a pity.
Fully aware of the extent of the problem facing Turkey in the south-east of the country, the European Union has nevertheless stressed that fighting terrorism must respect human rights and the rule of law.
I should like to say nevertheless that the current climate is hardly favourable for that.
The difficulty we nevertheless have in achieving sustainable social and economic development has to do with the fact that, in the rich countries, we have built up a lifestyle that goes in exactly the opposite direction.
A second area in which we did not achieve our aims, but which some would nevertheless class as a partial success, is that of forests.
These are institutional decisions which must nevertheless be taken within the limits of available appropriations and, of course, they must be reported to the Court of Auditors.
The Commission welcomes the fact that, generally speaking, its proposal is nevertheless clearly supported by the parliamentary committees which have given it their attention.
Partly, but it is nevertheless a good thing for the European Parliament to draw attention to the question. However I do not think we need new legislation or harmonization of national legislation.
As far as women in advertising are concerned, I must nevertheless say that it is a great virtue of the women's movement that in the last few years sexy men have also appeared.
Although these countries can still have problems with the development of a market economy or the application of Community patrimony, nevertheless there is no doubt that they can contribute to the final composition of the cultural sphere.
Thirdly, we think that although the investments supported by the Commission are important and result in improved funding, the Maastricht criteria are nevertheless imposing budgetary restrictions on research as well, both overall and in each country.
Going by the results of the recent banana and hormone panels, I am not sure about that. Anyway, as regards this Helms-Burton Act proposal, it is absolutely clear that the European Union has right on its side, but it has nevertheless sought an amicable solution for the time being.
It nevertheless remains true that the use of legislation which has such extra-territorial repercussions is totally unacceptable.
I am nevertheless convinced, ladies and gentlemen, that any steps taken by this Parliament will only be meaningful if we remain objective and if we are not selectively outraged.
All of the countries were, or are, different cases, but nevertheless they suffered or suffer, have fought or are fighting terrorism.
My group welcomes the recent drop in the trade surplus, but nevertheless feels that too little progress is being made in the liberalization of the Japanese market.
If he is not able to give it now, then I should also be pleased to receive a written reply, but I should nevertheless like to know what he thinks about it.
We have been successful, nevertheless, in having this report dealt with under Rule 129a, and that means that it goes into a second reading.
It is precisely because cooperation between Canada and the European Union is very good in many areas, but has nevertheless been difficult on the environment, for example, that strong contacts between elected representatives are needed.
This should nevertheless happen without running the risk of jeopardizing social security.
We all agree that the financing of social security nevertheless forms the major problem facing every Member State.
But nevertheless it is a fact that nobody can really recognize their views in the report.
At any rate, it is a positive approach which I hope can also be used in future with Burma, a military dictatorship which was nevertheless recently admitted to ASEAN.
It is, nevertheless, essential to make a permanent evaluation of levels of cooperation, bearing in mind the requirements of reciprocity and the limits imposed by ASEAN internal legislation.
We must, nevertheless, take care that this partnership is a truly balanced one and that it is not once more directed towards solely satisfying European concerns.
These statements were refuted by the Chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, by myself, and by other Members of this Parliament, and I believe the President himself has intervened, but nevertheless certain elements in the Spanish media have used the situation to attack me personally.
I would have been in favour of an even greater reduction in the time-scale for protection, but I nevertheless think that Parliament's solutions are compromises which deserve to be supported.
Mr President, it gives me great satisfaction that the President-in-Office of the Council is here, but nevertheless I have to say that, since the first agreements were reached on labour market policy at the European summit in Essen, the European Union has stumbled from one employment proposal to another.
At the moment we need a provisional evaluation report. I think that 10 % should not hold the work up, but nevertheless I think it clearly shows the Commission what Parliament wants: the provisional evaluation report.
Although there is inefficiency in the administration of the structural funds, they are nevertheless the EU's most important tool for improving the employment situation.
The effort is balanced between the budget lines, with a particular reduction of ECU 1 billion in the structural funds, which nevertheless increases by 4.2 %.
I wonder whether I could just ask the Commissioner to confirm that at the end of 1996 the programme we are talking about had not been adopted by the Council of Ministers but that it was nevertheless decided in the Commission to finance twelve projects under the programme which had not been adopted.
We were unable, however, to make the necessary decisions in the Amsterdam Treaty, so we must now prepare ourselves to see how we can nevertheless achieve our tasks and serve our mutual interests.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that the question raised by Mr Fabre-Aubrespy, over and above the strict problem of whether the amendment is in order, is nevertheless a question which should be posed.
Thank you nevertheless for having given me the floor.
Taking for granted the principle that must govern modern European society, that is that information is not simply one product among all other commercial products, although it also circulates in the market place, we call on the Commission and the Member States to create the appropriate conditions for dialogue and for the self-regulation of those involved, who are nevertheless the only people competent to redefine the function that the press is called upon to perform in the new communication environment and to propose solutions to the issues that arise in this unavoidably competitive environment and in the more general crisis concerning the credibility of public life and the indifference of a large part of the population to matters of public interest.
It nevertheless seems possible that certain Member States will not make full use of their allocation.
There must, nevertheless, be coordination and European cooperation, particularly where international networks are operating.
Anyone who knows that the European Parliament cannot concern itself with his resignation and nevertheless urge his resignation is deceiving either himself or public opinion as well as the parents of the murdered and missing children.
If the report has nevertheless found majority acceptance, this is primarily thanks to the rapporteur's readiness to compromise, and I would like to express my personal appreciation of this.
Allow me, nevertheless, just to make a few comments on four of the rapporteur's recommendations.
This is obviously an emotionally delicate issue, but, nevertheless, I would like to stress the practicalities of the matter.
Even if we may think Judge Wathelet should not have been appointed, he must nevertheless be able to function independently.
It should nevertheless be noted that the G77 is also asking all industrialized countries to reduce their emissions by 35 % by the year 2020.
There is much more to climate change than just gas emissions, and there are scientific phenomena which have not been analyzed sufficiently on a global basis, but which nevertheless need to be kept in mind: the influence of solar emission cycles cannot be ignored.
Furthermore, there remain discrepancies. It is true that carcasses continue to be processed as meat-and-bone meal for non-ruminants, specified risk materials which are banned in the European Union are nevertheless being imported from the United States of America, such as hormone-treated meat.
I nevertheless took political responsibility for the Commission as an institution.
If we nevertheless agree to the proposal for putting the outline agreement into effect, this is only because at least it does no harm.
As a result it is necessary to promote measures for the defence of those who nevertheless will work under part-time or atypical work agreements. Above all, however, an obstacle must be placed in the way of the anti-labour logic of the push to make flexible employment common practice.
This directive will also be a step forward in the creation of the single market. At present, an airline company can have its permission to fly withdrawn for safety reasons by one Member State but can nevertheless continue to operate in a neighbouring country without correcting the original defects.
The Member States had moved closer in this respect, but cohesion had nevertheless failed to affect the regions in the same way.
Thus, although we think the Commission's report performs a useful analysis of cohesion, it nevertheless displays shortcomings, both in its methodology and in the scope of the study, and these aspects should be improved in subsequent versions.
Economic and social cohesion is the basis of the European Union. I should like to remind you that although it was not one of the themes of the Treaty of Rome, nevertheless somebody - in fact, it was Minister Spaak - was already predicting the future need for instruments to promote economic and social cohesion in the various regions and zones of Europe.
I think his remarks also include a degree of criticism, but nevertheless, one is pleased to hear a positive comment on the subject.
The people of Europe must be informed of the reasons why the European Parliament considers the albeit qualified ratification, but the ratification nevertheless, of the treaty, to be a historic duty.
Even if the Amsterdam Treaty, fortunately, has not involved any retrograde steps in economic policy, we nevertheless have to say that the key policy areas of business, employment, and fiscal and monetary policy lack bite.
This shows that the Parliament sees in the Treaty of Amsterdam a continuing process which started with the earlier treaties, and that the Parliament rightly calls incomplete. But it is nevertheless part of the process of construction of European political union.
Freedom to circulate within a border-free area should not nevertheless reduce the security of persons living in the Union.
I hope nevertheless that the Member States will treat it as a constitutional amendment and therefore give the voters the opportunity to have the final word.
Mr President, as I pointed out to your services and while I understand the reasons that inspired the authors of the amendment, I nevertheless believe that the reference to a protocol which is now somewhat 'old' , if I may say so, is not necessary at this stage.
However, we have some reservations about the final report and while we have kept our separate votes to a minimum, nevertheless we have voted against five parts: the first indent of paragraph 8 on border controls; the first indent to paragraph 9 on a common defence policy; the second indent of paragraph 12 extending codecision to fiscal policy; the fourth indent to paragraph 12 giving the Union and the Community a single legal personality; and, the third indent of paragraph 16, restricting unanimity to constitutional areas.
The report acknowledged these problems, but nevertheless invites the Commission to reduce the time-frame for implementation as much as possible.
A unanimous Council decision blocked this, however, in the form of the so-called permanent national reservation, Mr President of the Council, but nevertheless, one is on the way to communizing the laws on asylum.
However critical we may be, however dissatisfied with so much, and our citizens even more so, it is nevertheless the best possible sign for a community when, really, all those inside it want to stay there and all those outside it want to come in. That is what our neighbours want and we should help them.
Democracy, and we must all learn this, nevertheless needs constant supervision, even amongst friends!
Even if we are furthermore of the opinion that the Copenhagen Criteria must continue to be the focal point of the Slovak efforts, we would nevertheless like to plead, on the basis of the recommendations of the joint committee for the Slovak Republic to participate fully in the current discussions about the enlargement of the Union.
Even though we did not succeed in having the maximum of three prices which must be indicated statutorily accepted, nevertheless we did create space for Member States to limit the maximum number of prices which must be indicated statutorily themselves.
I would simply ask you, Mr Commissioner, kindly to bear in mind that, even if one does not share your opinion, one is nevertheless able to think.
The Committee on Agriculture nevertheless adopted it and accepted it because it is also aware of all the cuts which have to be implemented throughout Europe in connection with the introduction of the euro.
It is an austere budget under difficult conditions in which, nevertheless, commitments are increased by 2.1 %.
The Union for Europe nevertheless will support amendments whose purpose it is to recognize the role of women in European research policy.
To talk of squaring the circle would probably be over the top, but Mrs Billingham should nevertheless be congratulated on finally putting together a text on which a broad consensus can be reached.
Finally, the Treaty of Amsterdam gave birth to article 7.2, which of course does not go very far and is not very revolutionary, but does nevertheless affirm the legitimacy of general economic interests in a manner other than as exceptions to the competitive market.
Although the responses from the sector and the social groups were insufficiently clear, Mr Monti nevertheless put a proposal to the College of Commissioners.
The new Treaty of Amsterdam has not yet come into force, but the planning cell could nevertheless be put into operation before that happens.
In all discussions with all contacts in Slovakia, I have made it clear that we place the highest value on improved functioning of the democratic institutions in Slovakia, and I also made it clear, in a further conversation with Mr Meciar last Saturday in Luxembourg, that the fact that the European Council has nevertheless explicitly included Slovakia in the enlargement process should not be interpreted as meaning that we are now satisfied with the quality of the democratic processes which have been achieved in Slovakia, but that we assume that further efforts must be made.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, if it is true that the COM for olive oil has worked more or less well over the last few years and has enabled the maintenance of a large number of business operations and thus jobs, in spite of the competition from other vegetable oils, it is nevertheless necessary to embark on a reform of the sector.
I certainly do not intend to oppose these proposals, but I would nevertheless like to emphasize that we in this Parliament fail to understand just what an enormous influence we can have, and what we can achieve in this area.
Ladies and gentlemen, I now have the pleasant duty of thanking our assistants in the House for their work this year and at the same time offering them my best wishes, beginning with the ushers, for their ostensibly modest work which they nevertheless carry out with a meticulousness which plays a key role in the smooth running of our Parliament.
Particularly as regards freeways, while we are in favour of creating such freeways with all possible speed, we would nevertheless wish to draw the attention of the Commission, but above all that of the Council, to the fact that particular care needs to be taken over the choice and backing of the first freeways, so as to exclude the possibility of the dissection of the rail network in the European Union.
Mr President, good though unification and the attempt to revitalize the railways may be, there are nevertheless other alternatives apart from those emphasized by my colleagues, especially in the social sphere.
Those hard words, as reported by Mr Georges Marc Benamou and cited by Arnaud Aaron Upinsky in his remarkable work 'The Ortolan Syndrome' , nevertheless contain a considerable element of truth.
As the honourable Member has noted, the Heads of State and Government nevertheless specified that 'each time questions of common interest are concerned, they will be discussed by ministers of all the Member States.'
Even if the national administrations of countries outside the euro allow them to work in euros, will they nevertheless not have to bear extra costs?
To give a precise answer to your question, I would say that while this organ is clearly informal, it is nevertheless a fact that its work must be transparent.
I was interested that many of the people who spoke from different countries, and different parties within those countries, nevertheless often portrayed a common national perspective on Europe.
Although, clearly, the Council proposal can hold in the short-term - which, in a sense, removes some of the pressure both on this Parliament and the Commission - nevertheless the problem will exacerbate rather than diminish.
Although it is obvious that inter-state cooperation is not only useful but also necessary in this area, it is nevertheless true that the problem of accepting refugees, and the right of asylum, are essentially, a question of national sovereignty, as moreover, the French Constitutional Council recently ruled.
Although the agreement is far more broadly based than the one drawn up in 1984, it is nevertheless important that this is just a basis.
I hope you will appreciate our efforts, in cooperation with Parliament, to bring to a conclusion this exceptionally difficult matter which, nevertheless, taught us many useful lessons and gave us many experiences.
It is not your fault, but I would nevertheless like you to convey the mood of this House to the President, who is responsible for this matter.
The fact is that we do not play an active role, but nevertheless I think that our debate and the joint resolution which we present today are an important contribution, for we in the European Parliament will reach a decision before the Council and the Commission have been able to work out a common position.
In addition, even if, as he has rightly commented, the Commission knowingly, unknowingly, consciously, or unconsciously has concealed its report on the social consequences, his report is nevertheless a valuable one and I hold Mr Seal in very high esteem.
Also, the number of routes serviced has risen, the number of operating airlines has risen, yet nevertheless the planes have to a large extent been filled.
Secondly, it is nevertheless important for our colleagues in the committee to study these reports carefully themselves.
As I said at the outset, this is a technical proposal which is nevertheless a further contribution to safety in transport and I am grateful for the fact that it has the support of the rapporteur, Señor Camisón, and indeed of the House.
One gets a little tired of raising points of order on something so clear but it nevertheless is in the Minutes and it is incorrect.
I will, nevertheless, pass this on to the Bureau.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs Keppelhoff-Wiechert's excellent report on the application of biotechnology to agriculture seems to me, nevertheless, somewhat moderate given that it is a topic which is often the subject of heated debates.
It would be wrong to negate these new developments, since in many parts of the world they are already being used professionally. In my view it is nevertheless necessary to orientate the statutory framework conditions to the greatest possible extent to the needs of the consumers and the farmers.
I admit he is younger than I am, but nevertheless he will try to catch up with me and so he will not be a danger for very much longer.
Mr President, it is indeed true, as Mr Habsburg-Lothringen and Mr Posselt said yesterday, that there has been no debate on crime in Brussels, but I would nevertheless like to draw Members' attention to the fact that President GilRobles Gil-Delgado said in his letter to us: "Please rest assured that I share your concern and I shall press the Belgian authorities for a satisfactory solution, as far as the safety of Members and staff of the European Parliament is concerned' .
We now find ourselves with the special provision - as you rightly said - whereby, although we are allowed in all policies to contribute to the budget, we are prevented from contributing to the budgetary procedure in spite of the fact that we are nevertheless asked for our commitment when the management of the budget is being approved or rejected.
Even though the Commission does not share the Court of Auditors' opinion on all points, the report will nevertheless be of very valuable assistance to us in our efforts to improve the arrangements for the management of the cereals market, not least the improvement of monitoring.
Against the background of the changes I have partly addressed - there are more amendments in the motions file - we are nevertheless of the principled opinion that this directive is heading in the right direction and therefore support in principle the Commission's proposal, albeit with the corrections which I have outlined and which proceed from our amendments.
For example, I would have preferred advertising to be prohibited, but with the Member States nevertheless retaining the possibility of exercising discipline over the sponsorship of major sports events.
I am no moralizer and I also know that politics is not always about morals, but I am nevertheless very happy that Mr Cook's British Presidency, and you too, Mr Henderson, have repeatedly stressed that even foreign policy must find room for a minimum of morality and morals, whether it is in relation to weapons and weapons transfer or an international criminal court.
A neighbour who not so long ago made itself out to be the victim of imperialism establishes a protectorate over Cambodia. A joint Prime Minister drives out the other with spells, muzzles the press, puts his opponents in prison and nevertheless claims to be organizing democratic elections.
Progress was certainly made on environmental matters at the Kyoto Conference in recognizing world intervention; nevertheless, the protocol contains results that may be considered sufficient, but not satisfactory, which we obviously have to point out.
So we immediately come up against a real problem historically that certain governments quite legitimately applied a different measure, with which I disagree, but, nevertheless, they did so.
With regard to the delays and timing issues mentioned, I believe that several explanations are given at the beginning of the report; nevertheless, we share your frustration.
As rapporteur, I nevertheless wish to make four general observations.
So we are surprised that the safeguard clause I quoted from the recitals nevertheless fails to be reflected in the actual text of the regulation, and we are strongly in favour of it being formally incorporated into it.
The whole report is very technical; nevertheless, these technical details have considerable repercussions for the people.
We have there a president who is certainly no angel on the political scene, but who has nevertheless begun to cooperate with Europe and the USA.
I would nevertheless like to congratulate Mr Posselt on his excellent work.
Like Mr Miller, I do not believe there should be a piecemeal approach to this but nevertheless if extra money was forthcoming from the Commission or elsewhere to take account of this fact, I am sure it would not be refused by the regions concerned.
The threat of a nuclear accident is a good example of a danger that lurks outside the borders of the EU but nevertheless threatens EU Member States, which would remain defenceless against it.
Let me nevertheless remind you that in 1993, the average public deficit recommended for the 11 countries was 5.5 %. This was reduced to 2.5 % in 1997.
This will have a favourable impact on employment which, nevertheless, remains one of our main concerns, as you know.
Having said this, growth will nevertheless be 2.7 % in 1997 and 2.8 % in 1998.
I remember, nevertheless, that on 31 March the Commission proposed an action plan on access to capital investment on the part of small and medium-sized enterprises.
The relevant comments, some of which may be true, are nevertheless inadequate, given that, for example, no-one can claim that inadequate domestic demand and private consumption are factors which inhibit growth and development and then call for further cutbacks in expenditure, "continued wage moderation' , a reduction in non-wage labour costs and the safeguarding at all costs of a "high level of productivity' , in other words, high profits.
It states: "We nevertheless consider that it is useless, and probably inadvisable, for the Dispute Settlement Body to take a position, in this appeal, on this important but abstract issue.
Unemployment, while not formally one of the Maastricht Treaty criteria, nevertheless constitutes the greatest challenge facing the countries of the European Union.
The currency which ought to be a powerful symbol of European integration, nevertheless threatens to sow division.
I do think, however, that all of us, both those - myself included - who believe in the euro as a logical consequence of a common market and a way of strengthening economic policy in Europe, and those who are hesitant or quite simply against the whole idea, are nevertheless agreed that a historic decision is being taken today.
I hope that my country can nevertheless contribute to this policy for growth and employment, even though we have opted now to remain outside EMU.
With the Dublin Stability Pact, they have also lost control over macroeconomic options, which are nevertheless of great importance for their life and their future.
Although the term "historic' is much misused these days, it is nevertheless an appropriate one to describe the events of this weekend.
To try, with a Promethean approach, with the aid of the single currency, to force the homogenization of the present economies and societies of Europe's nations, is to go a step too far, and to risk overturning the entire reconciled European ship. It would also make it impossible to reunite the greater Europe that had nevertheless been destined to replace the Europe which was mutilated at Yalta.
While this does not concur with my own view in this particular case - which is quite an unusual turn of events - I nevertheless consider it legitimate that this opinion should be expressed.
I would, nevertheless, add a few minor qualifications.
But, nevertheless, it is also undeniably the fruit of a deliberate change in budgetary strategy.
Certainly, I think that the British Presidency is shameful in diluting the impact of this common position but nevertheless it is that position or nothing.
While the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection fully supports the Commission in its aim of maintaining and improving the Community eco-label, it has nevertheless introduced significant and courageous changes. Numerous amendments have now been approved.
Discussions were nevertheless held with representatives of the USA in accordance with the mandate.
There is much that is not illegal and for which a free society should have tolerance but which can, nevertheless, be harmful to some.
Although we are not expected to give them marks, I should nevertheless like to commend Mr Padoa-Schioppa in particular.
It was nevertheless worth holding a debate on who should have the authority to make decisions.
It was nevertheless necessary, in exceptional cases, for Member States to be able to ask the European Commission for a further derogation.
I am, nevertheless, pleased with the adoption of amendments intending to involve the European Parliament in information procedures.
Though I shall be voting for Mr Whitehead's report, I am nevertheless aware that it represents no more than a drop in the proverbial ocean.
The majority of the members of the Union for Europe Group support that step, but nevertheless stress that it must not be imposed upon Member States of the European Union that do not wish at present to be associated with it.
The common defence policy cannot advance by relying heavily on majorities that he could nevertheless have sought and obtained.
A number of its members, who are in prison, are nevertheless very important, intelligent people, whom we have been able to meet, to discuss things with.
But nevertheless, it is the conclusion of another piece of the jigsaw in the telecommunications internal market.
We struggle with the professional media, we struggle with the advertising used by mega-corporations, and sometimes it is in downright desperation that we wonder how democracy might be marketed so that it might come to the attention of the people, people whose lives, nevertheless, still depend somewhat on democratic decisions made both at home and in Europe.
I hope you will allow me to say, nevertheless, that this resolution carefully avoids the crux of the matter, as is the case, for that matter, with that other subscriber to human rights violations, the People's Republic of China.
Thirdly, it is nevertheless extremely urgent that the leaked toxic matter be removed, because every day that passes without such removal being achieved represents an extremely high and growing risk.
My group was nevertheless prepared to accept the joint resolution in its entirety, including paragraph 5, although not totally happy with that paragraph, in the interest of reaching the widest possible consensus.
There was nevertheless an agreement on annual meetings and we can only hope that there we will be able to make appropriate improvements and arrive at binding multilateral regulations.
Of course, only in those cases in which a Europe test finds that changes in tax and social legislation do lead to income losses and the Member State in question nevertheless decides to go ahead with the changes, and sometimes Member States have good grounds for so doing, only then would a compensation fund come into operation.
Even though in some important respects we hold quite different, and in some ways more practical, views on the necessary transition to a new ecological and social development model, we are nevertheless prepared to acknowledge this.
From this viewpoint, we feel that the agreements with Russia and Canada, while they do not provide the ideal solution, nevertheless give a positive thrust to the matter by prohibiting leghold traps and any other methods of hunting which are unnecessarily cruel.
Mr President, I am surprised that Commissioner Fischler did not wait to hear the opinions of the committees to which the proposal was referred before giving his response, but I shall nevertheless deliver the opinion of the Committee on Budgets.
Now, the proposal on rural development is clear enough but it should nevertheless ensure the achievement of that object and it is, in fact, a long way from doing so, in view of the sparseness of the financial resources provided.
This is a step in the right direction. It is nevertheless inadequate because all the fishermen in the European Union operate within common areas, and it would be particularly inappropriate if the rates of aid implementing the Common Fisheries Policy were to vary from 0 to 75 % depending on the home port of each vessel.
Regarding the section in Mr Cunha's report on imminent expansion, I am nevertheless pleased to see that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has adopted the amendment I tabled to include the first applicant countries in arrangements for environmentally friendly production methods from 1999 onwards.
Like all proposals presented within the framework of the research programme on biomedicine and health, proposals relating to research involving the use of human embryos or foetuses nevertheless have to comply with regulations and legislative provisions, defining the ethical requirements in force in the countries where the research is carried out.
The overall direction of the programme ought perhaps not to be changed, but we could nevertheless consider whether everything we are deciding right now is still relevant.
In my opinion, this matter raises a basic problem. It is probably illegal but, nevertheless, is provided for de facto by this regulation.
Although we have strict rules, they do, nevertheless, need to be reviewed.
By giving these products - which have clearly come from Arab territories - the advantages reserved for Israel, we are making a gesture which, although it is clearly not going to ruin the Israeli economy, will nevertheless have a precise political significance.
Mr President, we are, nevertheless, still faced with the problem that we are referring back to committee an annex which we have now rejected.
The question may therefore justifiably be asked whether the hypothetically harmful tax competition which would be countered, and which nevertheless also has advantages, would ultimately not be a lesser evil than the federal uniformity which threatens to replace it.
Mr President, I am most impressed by this rich, flowing discussion. It has touched on some highly technical matters which nevertheless affect political questions at the very heart of the workings of our European Union.
We are, nevertheless, accepting seven amendments unchanged, Nos 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11, along with Amendment No 7 in principle and Amendment No 6 in part.
Although, as I understand it, they did not breach the disclosure requirements, because the levels of contamination were not that great - and I welcome the Commissioner making that point - nevertheless it would have been better if all information had been made public because more information, not less, is better for restoring and establishing public confidence in the nuclear industry.
I will nevertheless pass them on to Mrs Bjerregarrd, along with the others.
We need to press in Parliament for the unresolved, but nevertheless important issues to be implemented under the Austrian presidency.
Madam President, Madam Commissioner, although we do not yet have sufficient information to enable us to make a detailed and objective analysis of the recent situation in Guinea-Bissau, nevertheless we would wish at this point to express our sadness at the serious events that have been taking place in that country, and especially the high number of deaths that have resulted from those events.
Despite all misgivings, we in the Committee on Fisheries have come to the view that industrial fishing is nevertheless acceptable, providing it is carried out in moderation, and in a proper and controlled manner, especially since we would not wish to dispense with its products.
I cannot understand why salmon fishing should be curbed as severely as it has been, since we know that juvenile salmon are being released corresponding to a catch of 700, 000 salmon; nevertheless, the quota is set at a mere 400, 000.
While marine biologists do not estimate the stocks to be endangered due to the eels' reproductive capacity, they nevertheless do not want to rule out local reductions on account of these creatures' territoriality and the great dependence of certain edible fish, sea birds and marine mammals on sand eels as a food resource.
Whilst it is clear that imports from developing countries are necessary nowadays to meet a structural demand from the European market, which falls well short of the requirements we seek in terms of sea-food products, we must nevertheless ensure that such exchanges with the developing countries take place in an atmosphere of fair competition.
There are, nevertheless, degrees of convergence between Mr Varela's report and that of Mr McCartin.
The information society is a lot more than just fast communications links; nevertheless, without fast connections people's patience runs out.
Mr President, in spite of what has been said regarding the settlement of the current issue, that is, the suspension of budget lines following the ruling by the Court of Justice, I nevertheless wish to draw the attention of the Commission and the Members of this House to the issue of the institutional solution to the problem.
The adoption of the Chanterie report can nevertheless provide some support in the context of the joint negotiations which are taking place in the various sectors that have been excluded.
The resolution which we are voting on today provides a list which, while not exhaustive, nevertheless gives a good oversight, particularly as regards environmental, social and cultural aspects.
Our group recommends an alternative which may nevertheless be compatible with the first solution, in order to repair the damage caused by the current situation as quickly as possible.
We know that this programme will cover only the years 1998 and 1999, but it will nevertheless be of fundamental importance in determining the nature of the new Youth programme that will continue the same work from 2000.
I obviously understand the concern among Members that the Commission's position should nevertheless be a coherent, harmonious one.
Does the Commissioner have any proposal on a more general solution to this kind of problem of non-significant - though I know that this is a controversial term - actions which are nevertheless so important to the image of the Union?
But I believe that the Commission's proposals nevertheless provide a good basis for the political discussions due to start this autumn.
Despite its well-known shortcomings, this new legal framework for the Union will nevertheless result in genuine improvements.
Admittedly, that will be the easiest part, but we need to make some progress and to give a signal that although enlargement is a difficult process, it is one that nevertheless needs to be initiated now in the interests of Austria and all the Member States of the EU.
It is nevertheless disappointing that the Commission has not taken this inventory further.
I have exhausted my speaking time, but with regard to the establishment of the Central Bank, I would nevertheless like to ask what level of autonomy of action you leave to the Governing Council, for this is an important point.
No central bank is a member of the IMF, so we will have to find a way, and we will find a way, to ensure that this important monetary institution is nevertheless heard inside the IMF.
The increase in legislative issues submitted for codecision represents, nevertheless, a challenge for all of the institutions and calls on us all to improve our work and coordinate our action in a constructive way in order to guarantee that the new procedure can successfully achieve its result.
Extremely small steps are, indeed, being taken here (it is almost a mere trifle) but they are nevertheless small steps towards greater transparency.
So, despite all the difficulties, it is gratifying that many petitions have nevertheless reached a successful conclusion.
But the report remains totally mysterious on all these points, which are nevertheless vital, and very urgent at the stage that we have reached. However, this does not prevent it from proclaiming once more that it recognizes the need for the ESCB to ensure transparency of its objectives and the policies which it will pursue, so that the financial community and the public will understand and support its actions.
Of course, anything can happen but there are nevertheless limits to be respected, especially on the part of the man extraordinarily placed beyond any democratic control.
By this, we do not, of course, mean that this option should be exercised indiscriminately whenever there is disagreement; nevertheless, we are convinced that the wording of the 1966 Luxembourg Compromise should be retained.
It is a dictatorship, a red dictatorship, and therefore a lot more tolerable, but it is a dictatorship nevertheless, and I think that it is important for our Parliament to remember this.
In terms of the total number of passengers transported in Europe, this problem obviously only affects a very small percentage, but it remains nevertheless true that these practices have tended to become more widespread and to become excessive.
Some amendments, such as Amendment No 4, make some very useful specific changes to a legislative proposal which nevertheless remains extremely general in scope.
The levels for the year 2000 for unleaded petrol and diesel remain the same as in the Council's common position, which nevertheless includes a European Parliament amendment designed to increase the maximum oxygen content of unleaded petrol.
The fact that there was nevertheless substantial opposition to the directive is due to the disagreement over freedom to protect designs for spare parts.
Also, although there is no such thing as zero risk, our sole objective must nevertheless be to strive towards this result, and I welcome the amendments which the rapporteur is seeking to introduce to the Council's text.
Others are of the opinion that something should nevertheless be done.
It nevertheless remains a member of the European Union. On this point there is no doubt.
We must display both tolerance and modesty because these are people who, although they come from another cultural background, do nevertheless belong to a different culture we could come to understand and appreciate if we made a minimal effort to listen and to engage in a sincere and respectful dialogue.
I am not at all suspicious of your intentions to respect the freedoms as enshrined in our democracies, but I must nevertheless ask you this question.
Parliament nevertheless voted in favour, in order to show confidence in Turkey.
In conclusion - and here the presidency has been very frank in depicting the situation within the Union - it is nevertheless extremely important for Parliament to speak as far as possible with one voice and encourage the Union to take responsibility.
I can appreciate that it has not yet adopted its position, but I would nevertheless like to draw attention to a problem arising from the proposal submitted by the Commission.
The Commission nevertheless thinks that it would be inopportune to accept them at the moment and in their current form.
Although we unfortunately only have the right to be consulted and unanimity in the Council is required for tax harmonisation, I would nevertheless like to emphasise our gratitude - the Parliament compliments you for your exemplary attitude.
I am nevertheless rather uncomfortable about replacing it with 1 January 1999.
It is nevertheless a small step that must be followed by others.
Constant evaluation of the effects of this policy would nevertheless still remain necessary.
I do nevertheless have a few general remarks to make.
This does not yet mean that they are prepared to take joint parliamentary responsibility, but a considerable force in the country has nevertheless given up its boycott, which may contribute greatly to bringing peace to this country.
I realise that in both countries a contribution has been made by a lack of attention to the environment, but nevertheless, the major cause is clearly climatic rather than anything else - partly precipitated by changes to the global climate regime.
I would nevertheless stress the wisdom of rejecting benefits as a solution, as the report does, providing instead for parents to shoulder their personal responsibilities.
Although it is only one small step, I should nevertheless like to offer my warmest thanks to Mr Schwaiger for his report, and I can only hope that his dynamism will help to ensure that considerable further progress is made in relations with Azerbaijan.
We must remember, nevertheless, that this point does not appear explicitly in the draft regulation.
That, however, is untenable, not only in this case, in which, after all, aid funds amounting to ECU 2.4 million were misappropriated - not embezzled in the legal sense, but nevertheless channelled into other directions.
The report passes over in silence a question which is nevertheless a fundamental one: who is to pay for infrastructure, the user or the taxpayer?
If it is established nevertheless that distortions in the car market are occurring, then of course the Council will devote its full attention to any proposals the Commission deems necessary to remedy matters appropriately.
These important elements, however much they satisfied your rapporteur, were nevertheless unable to offset the refusal by the Commission and the Council to extend the directive's scope.
We see many attacks of this type on Community justice, which is nevertheless what holds our legal system and our EU together.
Even if it does not involve much money, it is nevertheless a programme which is capable of improving our safety significantly.
Meciar has lost the trust of his people, but his party nevertheless remains the largest.
Despite formidable economic difficulties that many countries face, they have paid nevertheless, which the USA naturally should also do. For in a 'green' world order, the UN has a key role to play.
I hope, nevertheless, that Parliament will support me in adopting these amendments, which we consider to be necessary and important.
And nevertheless one of them has actually become Chancellor of Germany.
I see that the sector is in crisis and that we have nevertheless failed to take obvious steps such as cutting pig production, for example.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy has, nevertheless, identified its priorities for the budget.
We have here a budget which is rigorous, but nevertheless meets most of the reasonable demands made by Members of this Parliament.
I feel that we are placing far too much emphasis on a particular, though nevertheless valid vision of Europe. We are concentrating on the Europe of the net balance, the taxpayer and the beneficiary, a Europe of the cash register and material goods.
The solution which has now been achieved could be described as the least worst solution, but it is nevertheless a solution which could mark the beginning of a process in which the problems concerning Kosovo can be resolved.
The first green shoots are nevertheless emerging, as proved by the growing interest in that area on the part of economic operators, in terms of both financial flows, trade and investment in production.
The concept of the general good should nevertheless be interpreted very restrictively, in that it limits the fundamental freedoms established by the Treaty.
It was nevertheless agreed to enter an oral amendment to the budget resolution, merely stating two points of fact, without adding anything.
In Parliament we have the new technologies of e-mail and all the other communication systems available, but nevertheless, we did not get any advance information that Mr Skinner's report would be discussed.
Although it respects and shares the objectives of the Commission's proposal, the Committee on Culture has nevertheless approved substantial amendments which essentially concern the structure of the programme.
However, if the Commissioner stated that freedom of movement for workers would be provided for in another text, we would modify the text of our amendments by the Committee on Economic Affairs, returning to the original text and referring solely to the free movement of goods. We would nevertheless be making a clear political statement of our desire to promote freedom of movement for workers.
Mr Skinner has very subtly drawn the teeth of the original Commission proposal, I have to admit, and Mr Ettl has added a few points which make it clear that this is the wrong direction to take, but nevertheless the original idea is still completely wide of the mark.
We sometimes have very different ideas, ladies and gentlemen, of what the construction of Europe should involve, this joint European adventure into which our countries have launched themselves, and the group I belong to is more aware of this than any other. We must nevertheless spend more time reflecting together, with a view to reaching common ideas to improve the thinking behind the youth programmes.
The Commission points out that it is not exclusively responsible for this, but it must nevertheless be clear that it has to coordinate these activities.
Increasing nervousness on the part of the Americans is nevertheless understandable and can be explained largely by their current trade deficit, which is relatively large.
The United States has been playing this type of game for a very long time and, without getting involved here in kneejerk anti-American reactions, we should nevertheless remember the serious case of the Helms-Burton Act in which the European Union adopted an extremely timid attitude.
Madam President, Commissioner, you have already answered a number of questions which I shall nevertheless put to you again directly.
Although the report certainly deals with an important issue, it is nevertheless totally inappropriate for the European Parliament to be considering such technical matters.
However much my group fully recognises the right of the Palestinians to unilaterally declare independence if the appropriate agreements cannot be reached with Israel, we should nevertheless strive all the more to ensure that agreements are reached, either agreements on independence or agreements on postponing that deadline, if Israel accepts the principle that there will be a Palestinian state.
Mr Wiebenga's idea to try to make the most of it nevertheless is very laudable.
The Commission has nevertheless deemed it useful to separate the two proposals in order to give the proposal a chance of success.
Surprisingly enough I do not find this spirit present either in the report or in the words of our liberal colleague Mr Wiebenga, who was nevertheless elected on this programme.
The report reinforces the human dimension, but such an instrument must nevertheless be seen as complementing the Geneva Convention on Refugees and definitely not as an alternative.
I should nevertheless like to say a few words on behalf of my group.
The problems of the Romanies are nevertheless cause for much concern.
I know that this is a matter to be settled under electoral legislation, but it would nevertheless be helpful to offer some guidance in this respect, for example along the lines set out in Amendment No 89.
Several amendments were inadmissible, but were nevertheless put to the vote; an absolute majority was required for the resolution as a whole, pursuant to Rule 50, which was not what was adopted.
I believe that the introduction of a statute for Members of the European Parliament is a big step in the right direction, and I therefore nevertheless support the text before us today.
A certain amount of public ownership is nevertheless necessary in order to provide people with a satisfactory level of welfare.
In the past the discharge was perhaps just a formality, and I sometimes have the impression that this is still more or less how it is viewed by the other side of the House, but nevertheless the fact is that we are now having a very detailed and important debate on one of the most fundamental elements of the European Union.
Moving on to Category 2 - which in the financial perspective is usually called 'the Edinburgh package' - I must nevertheless say that Parliament is introducing a 'package amendment' comprising a reserve of EUR 1 500 million in commitment appropriations and EUR 250 million in payment appropriations, as well as a reduction in payment appropriations of EUR 500 million.
Unfortunately, we were unable to do so because we had to accept a certain political realism and abandon the amendment which we had nevertheless voted for at first reading in an attempt to strengthen our influence in the negotiation process and thus achieve a credible interinstitutional agreement, in other words an interinstitutional agreement that also involves the Council.
Mr President, as a mark of respect for this House, I shall refrain from repeating the speech I have given after each of the last three meetings of the Council. It is nevertheless true that the outcome of the Vienna meeting is no different from that of previous ones.
But I believe that nevertheless at this point we must continue along that road.
The result is nevertheless a very important one.
But the EU could nevertheless make an effort in this direction.
We must nevertheless give it our blessing, which leads me to make the following points.
It may be the last sitting before Christmas, but that is nevertheless not on the Minutes, Mr Miller.
Mr President, I voted in favour of the report on the single market scoreboard, but I would nevertheless like to make a few clarifications.
Happily you expressed yourself in such a way today that we can endorse what you said; nevertheless this impression has been created.
Mr President, the Social Democrats may well clap when Mr Kohl's achievements are being lauded, but nevertheless we are happy to welcome the foreign minister of this government here today.
Let me nevertheless make a few comments that are very relevant to the dimension of which you spoke.
In that regard I can also understand people taking an emotional approach - and in the case of Bosnia emotion was not the worst counsellor, if I may point that out again - but nevertheless, we must think things through to the end.
Although it is true that the sad affair of fraud and misappropriation of European taxpayers' money, underlined by the refusal of this House to grant discharge for 1996, is currently casting dark shadows over the Community's whole executive, it must nevertheless be brought to public attention.
It is only to be expected that we should distance ourselves from this today, if only because this common position totally excludes both the Commission and Parliament from what nevertheless remains a co-decision procedure.
While I believe we should give every encouragement to progress in these areas, I would, nevertheless, submit that we have to be vigilant and have an effective and reliable monitoring system.
Mr President, let us start by agreeing that the three reports which we are debating this evening have little to do with one another, but that it is nevertheless an interesting debate as it illustrates that we in Europe are developing a somewhat broader vision of the networks and how they operate.
I think we have made some worthwhile revisions which complement the preliminary work carried out by the Commission. In principle, Certification Service Providers would not have to be accredited, but we have nevertheless highlighted the private organisations.
I know, for instance, there is a particular difficulty with the French monitoring equipment for producing this ten-minute averaging figure but, nevertheless, this information is essential for the mid-term review.
I am not allowed to report on it as such, because the Agriculture Committee has of course decided otherwise, but I should nevertheless like to touch upon it. We could in fact say that very high administrative expenditure is required for the holdings to prove that they are not working to full capacity.
Mr President, as the rapporteur said just now, we are discussing this dossier here, which is nevertheless an important one, in what is almost an intimate atmosphere.
All I have been able to read of it is the last sentence, which says 'I am nevertheless interested in the suggestions made by Mrs Larive in her draft report on commercial communications and will take them into consideration when they will be adopted by Parliament'.
They may require a unanimous vote for at least five years, but nevertheless they have been communitarised.
It does not always happen, unfortunately, but nevertheless a good many proposals are put to us.
The Commission does not have the necessary resources to carry out an investigation into this illegal trade, but we will nevertheless forward Parliament's concern on this issue to the Council.
Madam President, without claiming to be an expert on the subject, I nevertheless wish to stress some of the very positive aspects of the excellent report by Mr Elchlepp, and to add my voice to those of the millions of people who are fighting for the future of our planet, which is threatened by headlong destruction of the environment, by irresponsible use of natural resources and by a widening gap between rich and poor countries.
Although the European Parliament can be criticised for perhaps proceeding with considerable caution and deliberation in certain matters, I nevertheless believe that the fundamental criterion for the European Parliament is to produce results and to benefit those who need it.
China is nevertheless a politically more stable fortress that the other countries I have referred to.
With a surfeit of hypocrisy and populism, and in the name of an illogical so-called rationalisation which goes against any notion of solidarity, a misrepresented renationalisation is being sponsored which will nevertheless relate solely to expenditure, while the Community will retain exclusive powers to determine every detail of the CAP - quotas, price and export subsidies, taxes and so on - without any margin of flexibility or any scope for the Member State itself to frame its own agricultural policy.
Although the regions are constantly calling for the implementation of the principle of subsidiarity and for the autonomy to enable them to implement the relevant legislation, we must nevertheless appeal to those whose responsibility it is to comply with it. This legislation is very important, and yet there are thousands and thousands of unregulated sites.
Finally, the Cox report retains optional exemptions which the Member States are at liberty to grant, while nevertheless tightening up the conditions.
What we are dealing with here is a clear example of such damaging fiscal competition, which the directive aims to eliminate. This is nevertheless a minimalist directive with relatively modest objectives.
Both the committee and the rapporteur, Mr Barzanti, have nevertheless done an excellent job.
I also feel that the Commission's proposal, though initially valid, has nevertheless been substantially improved by Parliament's report.
I nevertheless admit that the adoption of certain amendments has made a significant improvement to the draft.
This has become a rather technical dossier in which it is hard to see the wood for the trees, but it nevertheless deals with a subject which is of concern to people in their everyday lives, namely their cup of coffee, or at least what appears to be coffee.
The questions raised two key issues: what is the Commission doing to avoid the threatened US sanctions and, if sanctions are nevertheless applied, what does it intend to do then?
Openness is perhaps not Commissioner Cresson's strong point, but I would nevertheless like to appeal for efforts to be made to prevail on Israel to release Mr Vanunu.
We would nevertheless like to take advantage of this debate in order to express our concern.
We believe that the text remains excessively one-sided, containing too much simplistic and inflexible analysis, a black and white approach left over from the cold war, with its 'good guys' and 'bad guys', and a measure of inability to grasp properly the complex historical, cultural and religious realities which a resurgence of Communist ideology has caused to resurface and which nevertheless now form the very heart of the problem on which an agreement is being sought.
I think it is important nevertheless to have legislation - a directive - for this area in order to provide a political framework.
Many of us are nevertheless aware that what has happened is the natural outcome of many years of war, death and destruction throughout which Mr Öcalan has led the Kurdish Workers' Party.
This proposal, which does not include rules on the listing of ingredients, nevertheless allows for the indication of these ingredients in the five Community regulations which already exist.
The Justice Ministers want the programme too, but nevertheless formal difficulties have cropped up again.
My group has nevertheless tabled a number of amendments - Amendment No 125 and the subsequent amendments - most of which are technical. We trust that these amendments will therefore gain the necessary support within the House.
Although the share of agricultural expenditure in the budget has remained constant over the last twenty years in terms of GDP, it has nevertheless constantly fallen from year to year because the other policies have increased and also because a financial straitjacket has been imposed on this. Agricultural expenditure now represents less than 45 % of the total volume of EU expenditure whereas, when this House was elected for the first time in 1979, it represented over 90 %.
Mr President, the fate of the Haug report on Thursday still rests in the lap of the gods, but nevertheless, many thanks for this great endeavour.
I am aware that the project was closed down but nevertheless the building is operating to all intents and purposes as a Commission building.
While we welcome the American presence in the region, nevertheless this issue is essentially a European Union issue, which is why we need solidarity among all Member States of the European Union in dealing with it.
Our task is therefore to ensure that its use is nevertheless accompanied by the harmonising and preventive measures needed to protect our populations.
In a very difficult political situation it is nevertheless part of our responsibility in the Committee on Budgetary Control to ensure that the European taxpayer gets value for money, as well as the resources put there by the taxpayer having maximum political effect in the peace process.
I would nevertheless like to ask the President-in-Office how she can be sure of the assurances and guarantees given by Turkey.
We have withdrawn this resolution now that the Adam report is on the agenda, but we would nevertheless like to say something about this issue.
We need to encourage the development of energy sources which, although they at present only offer partial solutions to the various major challenges currently facing the European Union, nevertheless offer very real solutions.
The European Parliament is somewhat concerned about the delays on the part of the Duma, which is again under the control of Mr Zuganov's party, the Communist Party, and which for four years has systematically blocked the adoption of a law on conscientious objection, a law which is nevertheless provided for in the Russian constitution.
Mr President, I should like to draw the attention of the Chair to the fact that under Rule 19 every word spoken by the Chair, even though it might prove superfluous, is nevertheless printed in the full report as well.
Mr President, I must nevertheless take the liberty of contradicting Mr Swoboda on that point.
A great deal has already been said, and quite rightly, about the nuclear tests, but I nevertheless believe that the development of the partnership has to depend upon the decisions made in this area.
Regardless of the method chosen, we nevertheless feel that it is important to extend the system to students outside the Member States.
Parliament discussed this in committee and unanimously decided that it should nevertheless deliver an opinion, quite simply so that the Commission could also include Parliament's ideas in its proposal under the Amsterdam Treaty.
I apologise for being Finnish, but I am nevertheless pleased that our government has at last done something, since that is what people want.
Even though competition is not the sole objective of the new Europe, I am nevertheless aware that a high degree of competition is a necessary tool to reduce our excessive pockets of inefficiency.
Allow me nevertheless to make one or two points.
Although these directives certainly resolve the working time problem to a large extent, let me nevertheless draw your attention to a particular problem, that of local transport.
While I appreciate the emphasis given by Parliament to collective agreements or derogations in Amendment No 12, nevertheless the Commission considers that Member States should be offered the opportunity to provide clear rules through national legislation as in the general working time directive.
This is a vital aspect which has nevertheless not been accepted by the Council, and Parliament should take a determined stance on this because it is fundamental for development and healthy cooperation with developing countries.
I nevertheless call on the Council to agree to an increase in the budget for LIFE-III.
Even though the scandal has long since been exposed and has now almost disappeared from the media, I would nevertheless point out that we must not forget the BSE tragedy.
The report we now have before us contains many interesting proposals, but is nevertheless a typical example of the most blind Eurofederalist thinking, since it is concerned solely with treating the symptoms.
As you know, one wage-earner in four works in this sector, which nevertheless generates just 6 % of gross domestic product.
Finally, the Commission wants it to be possible for agreements which are not individually notified, but which nevertheless qualify for exemption, to be exempt with retroactive effect from the date on which they were concluded.
Even though Parliament, in the conciliation procedure, may have dropped its earlier demand for the development of a common customs administration, that nevertheless remains our goal.
We must not forget that following on from this, at the beginning of December, the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Committee on Budgetary Control decided nevertheless to recommend to the House that it grant discharge for the Commission.
So much as we welcome the fact that the European Union is preparing to create the conditions for a European 'polder' model in economic and employment policy, we must nevertheless warn against it if the structure is not also linked to the content.
While the rapporteur is realistic in stating that 'special employment programmes for specific groups (young people, women, long-term unemployed, the disabled) cannot be predominantly financed at the EU level', I hope, nevertheless, that the Union will make a commitment to supporting these groups.
I think the breadth but also the substance of what he said gives room for hope in a situation which is nevertheless rather sombre, and I hope that he will continue in what remains of the German Presidency to act in accordance with those principles and those ideas, especially in the crisis over Kosovo.
We should nevertheless bear in mind that Russia has an educated population and a splendid culture which will challenge the individualism and materialism of the west.
But nevertheless, we shall be throwing the baby out with the bath water if we approve this report tomorrow.
Now that the new interinstitutional agreement has been reached, financial resources are quite limited, but nevertheless the number of staff working in this institution should be increased.
This is set out clearly in recital 9 so, from this point of view, Amendment No 57 can be considered superfluous but, nevertheless, it reiterates the point.
I do not want to go into this now, though I would like to take the opportunity to point out one thing: however much we have progressed as a result of Amsterdam on the practical aspects of parliamentarianism, we must nevertheless not overlook the fact that important elements which constitute genuine parliamentary government are still absent in the European Union.
However, in the wider context, it is important to say today that despite all the misgivings there are about some of the details of the interinstitutional arrangement and the financial perspective, it is better to have something which is slightly inadequate in the view of some but is nevertheless agreed, than to go forward seeking perfection and actually get nothing.
The region to which I belong retained its Objective 1 status but nevertheless it is only really Objective 1 in transition, because the amount of money received under the new Objective 1 is actually much reduced from the amount per capita under the last programme.
The results are not perfect, but despite the inadequate budgets and the faint- hearted reform of the common agricultural policy, and the continuing injustices and imbalances that it preserves, we have nevertheless avoided a serious crisis in the European Union and it is fair to say that over the next few years the European Union will forge ahead with confidence and stability.
Finally, we nevertheless find the rapporteur's report to be much too critical of the work of the social partners.
Finding the appropriate technical solutions has nevertheless proved a very tough task.
The discussion so far nevertheless suggests that my idea stands a good chance of getting through.
As most of the speakers from my group have pointed out, I do not think that in order to protect consumers - a concern which is nevertheless quite legitimate - we should at the same time deprive them of all the advantages and all the benefits that this development can bring, both in employment terms and in economic terms.
In this context, the Cohesion Fund will perhaps enable us to limit the damage done by EMU, but it will nevertheless fall very far short of what is needed.
Even though the European Parliament has not entirely succeeded in securing acceptance of the decisions it had adopted by large majorities at the first and second readings, we have nevertheless achieved our main objective.
I shall nevertheless bear your words in mind.
The European Council meeting in Cologne, despite all the efforts of the Presidency-in-Office of the Council - to which I would like to pay particular tribute - still nevertheless raises some major questions.
We would like you to know, Mr President, that our attitude will nevertheless depend on the correction we request from you regarding the content of your previous speeches, which displayed a change of direction which we did not appreciate.
I know that we are politically opposed in our own country, but we are nevertheless united in our desire to build a Europe in which the peoples of the old continent are increasingly ready to place their trust.
Regardless of all the work carried out with a view to stabilisation, there are nevertheless risks that the streams of refugees might increase.
I believe that we should offer OLAF the necessary resources as soon as possible so that it can carry out its work efficiently, but it is nevertheless essential that budgetary control goes much further than the sixth part which is directly controlled by the Commission.
Finally, Mrs De Palacio' s outburst at the press conference following the hearing does not bode well for someone whose remit includes relationships with the European Parliament and, whilst I accept that Mrs De Palacio did apologise later for her remarks, it nevertheless raises another doubt about her ability to carry out this specific role in the new Commission.
You would, in effect, be allowing the majority of the House, the way it currently stands, to make decisions on political allegiances which might exist between any MEPs who may nevertheless have signed the constitution of a Group, and we know very well that there are, even within Groups with a majority, factions which are certainly in agreement with one other on a common political programme.
I would like, nevertheless, to warn Members against any attempt to ape certain practises of the American Congress, particularly its intrusions into the private lives of politicians, both male and female.
We have not heard you speak about fishing and, nevertheless, you must be aware that thousands and thousands of fishermen depend on it, thousands and thousands of families, thousands of secondary businesses and businesses involved in the processing of products which are necessary in the European Union, employment which is furthermore located in European regions and territories which are highly dependent on fishing.
I want to be very clear in this intervention, Mr Prodi, and I want to tell you that Mr Fischler, who obviously knows a lot about agriculture, nevertheless knows little about fishing.
You will nevertheless agree that our commitment to consultation has to be worked out in a way which will be consistent with the efficient conduct of negotiations.
For this reason, the Basque country maintains a political conflict with the Spanish State which has manifested itself in a violent way, a violence which the majority of us reject, but which, nevertheless, has left a trail of deaths, injuries, pain, extortion, fear and many innocent victims.
In addition, I wish to emphasise that Turkey and Morocco are nevertheless bound by these international agreements, which is an ideal situation for proposing additional safety requirements.
I propose nevertheless that we also discuss the way in which reconstruction will actually take place.
Russia must nevertheless take whatever action it can to put its own house in order.
Fusion power is perhaps technically renewable energy, nevertheless this is not what we are talking about here.
This is an agreement which has taken into account diverse interests, interests which are often difficult to reconcile and which, nevertheless, seem to be providing acceptable responses for all sides.
The European Union does not want the agency to be based in Lausanne, at the headquarters of the International Olympic Committee but, nevertheless, wants to have it in one of the Member States of the European Union.
I think, and here I differ a little from you as far as the last part of your answer is concerned, that there must be a counterbalance to the powerful signals given out by the Union to other parts of the world, which are nevertheless close to India, by organising events such as Summits.
Mr President, there is nothing new about the conflict between Russia and Chechnya, that small country in the Caucasus with little more than a million inhabitants which, nevertheless, has the same right as any large country to freely determine its own future.
Although many decisions are taken at European level which are not directly reflected in the European Union budget, nevertheless Budget 2000 is a crucial and defining basis for many areas of European policy in the coming year.
One final, very specific point, which is nevertheless of great importance: it is essential to ensure - if this has not already been done - that under heading B7-6000, concerning non-governmental organisations, there is a reference to the Liaison Committee in the respective commentary.
Parliament approved them by a simple but, nevertheless, clear majority.
We are nevertheless disappointed that the decisions of Tampere do not mention a European public prosecutor, whose field ought to have covered the fraudulent dealings behind the Community budget.
What they have in common is the fact that they are all making considerable profits and are nevertheless sacking workers, or making them redundant, the consequences of which are almost as serious, for every job axed means one more unemployed person.
But although we have come a long way, we should nevertheless mention some of the main areas of disagreement.
It is nevertheless true that there are 650 cases of BSE per million head of cattle.
As Northern Ireland is not restricted and transit through France is legal, trade can nevertheless still take place with all European countries except France.
There is no doubt that financial compensation is an important form of support but, nevertheless, the presence of the European fleet contributes to a greater sense of stability in the area, which can only be beneficial to international relations with Angola.
So, I faxed you a letter to tell you that I would be attending in a personal capacity, but would nevertheless represent the European Parliament to some extent at these funerals.
Performance was lower than expected in the first part of the year but, nevertheless, the upward trend which will occur in the second part of the year will favour growth of close to 3% as an average for the last two years, thereby reaching similar and even higher figures for 2000 than those which we had forecast in the spring.
I would nevertheless like to question the real impact of a dialogue which is fixed beforehand by abstruse procedural rules.
But I would nevertheless like to express two very specific reservations that I have.
As someone has already said, there are few of us left, it is late, and we are tired, but perhaps we should nevertheless look at the facts of the case, which are that CO2 emissions from private cars are constantly rising, and will continue to do so.
It would be unjust, therefore, to describe the document as unambitious, but it would nevertheless have been justifiable to level this criticism at the document if it had been carried out by a Commission which had been in action for longer.
I regret that these amendments have nevertheless been resubmitted, especially since those submitting the amendments largely agreed on the Menrad report.
Mr President, on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of this Convention, a text which recognises the child as an individual in its own right, by giving it its own rights (the right to life, the right to identity and to a family, the right of expression and the right to be fed and educated) it is nevertheless still true that on our continent every thirty seconds, a child is abused, raped or beaten up, is indoctrinated, and is the victim of inadequate policies, changes in family and financial circumstances, a victim too of the fact that we are not applying this international Convention.
Mr President, I simply wish to refer to the official status of Strasbourg, a wonderful city which nevertheless has a series of defects.
Our cultural industries have nevertheless been seen, as I said last month, as an addendum to many of the serious trade issues that are going to be discussed at Seattle.
I believe, nevertheless, that given the difficult circumstances, Mr Napolitano has drawn up a very good report and I should like to support him in the vote this lunchtime.
Although it is not necessary to mention it, I should nevertheless like to say to all those who agree with the criticism without knowing the position, that of course our policy is based on the Geneva Convention relating to Refugees.
We understand that Denmark nevertheless may wish to participate in EURODAC, but it remains to be seen what legal formula could be adopted in that case.
I should nevertheless like the opportunity of voting in one paragraph on the age limit.
As many Members have reminded us, we are dealing with the difficulty of finding a balance, which, nevertheless, has been achieved.
Although the British Conservative Party is formally opposed in principle to commissioning under Article 63 of the Treaty of Amsterdam to the first pillar of policies on visas, immigration and asylum - and I therefore have to disagree with our rapporteur on this issue - nevertheless we welcome intergovernmental cooperation under the third pillar through Council joint action on the exchange of such information, including that relating to forged travel documents in order to crack-down on crime, particularly international crime which respects no national boundaries.
I would like nevertheless to draw your attention to the fact that this constitutes a time-limited adaptation of the current rules.
I am extremely happy that we both, that is Mr Hänsch and I, also clearly agreed on this point, highlighting nevertheless that the European Union really prefers non-military means.
We will nevertheless be the ones who decide.
The reports that we are debating here today nevertheless give us the opportunity to reflect once again on Turkey' s progress in terms of human rights and the protection of minorities.
Be that as it may, Turkey still has the death penalty: well, while it is hard to change the mentality of the police and change the situation in the prisons, a law is, nevertheless, sufficient and a parliamentary vote is sufficient to abolish the death penalty, which is what many countries in the European Union have done.
Our rapporteur, Mrs Fraga Estévez, in her draft report, incorporated a series of amendments that clearly improved the text, but we nevertheless felt that it was essential, together with Mr Gallagher, to table 31 additional amendments.
It is nevertheless true that, as you yourself pointed out, no agreement was reached in Seattle, and the problems remain.
This is nevertheless very little when compared with the very negative aspects that our trade partners are trying to impose on us in the text of the Agenda.
Strangely, the educational and cultural programmes tend to be fully agreed on, to be voted for most enthusiastically by all parties, and yet, these are, nevertheless, the programmes that receive the worst treatment in budgetary terms.
I nevertheless welcome the increase on the common position of EUR 300 million.
While I have no hesitation in supporting this important legislation and recommending that it should be improved by Parliament without delay, I nevertheless have two brief comments I would like to make.
The draft aims to solve the problem of labelling foods when operators have tried to avoid using GM material and can prove this but nevertheless small amounts of GM material are found in them.
It was not one of the main items but it was nevertheless an important item, and above all, it has a high profile in European political journalism.
Obviously, with time, anyone who makes the request and meets the requirements will be able to take their place at the political level, but today, if we do not proceed quickly in this direction and consider enlarging by almost doubling the number of Member States without well thought out and tested institutional reforms - there is no time left to test them out - we are sounding the death knoll for the dream of a political Union which is able to respect identities, cultures and traditions, but nevertheless contributes to the creation of a new model of European citizen.
There are, therefore, two interlocking budget lines, which nevertheless have different objectives.
The nature of the Charter is a very fundamental question, nevertheless the European Council left the question open.
Many of us are instinctively still not convinced that any form of suspension is the right way to respond to present circumstances but nevertheless that seems to be the drift of debate.
We may possibly be in danger of leaving behind someone who does not dare to take up a definite position, but we must nevertheless try to go forwards.
I nevertheless regard ratification by the EU alone as a second-best alternative.
As the representative of the Pensioners' Party, I nevertheless hope that one day, Parliament will also address public administrations which must pay pensions to eligible people in the fifteen Member States.
It is nevertheless too early to assess how well their intentions will succeed.
Women currently make up 52% of the world population and, nevertheless, we are one of the groups which is most discriminated against and marginalised.
This is the reason why my group can nevertheless agree with the proposals made in the Savary report.
Although, of course, we have nothing against the sovereign State of Tajikistan, we nevertheless do not think that European States should drop their priorities, or to be more precise, the priority that they set a long time ago on the subject of cooperation.
Tajikistan may have been spared the economic problems described in the report, moreover like so many other countries in the world, but it is nevertheless the victim of an ill-considered opening up of its borders and of the huge game waged by empires.
