Now, however, he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing.
The proposal to be discussed today, to amend the directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road, dates from May 1999, however, and could not therefore take account of the latest comitology procedure.
The Commission' s proposal, however, does not take account of all the facts, such as the cold climate that prevails in the northern regions.
On the subject at hand, I think that the people of Europe must be able to be confident that the goods - however dangerous they are - which are transported on Europe's roads, railways, and so on are as safe as possible.
I would like to point out, however, that this starting point indicates to us the challenges which face us: maintaining a population in rural areas, given the changes taking place in all types of economic activity owing to agriculture' s increasing lack of importance amongst the various sources of income for rural society.
Hopefully, the stands Parliament has taken will help, however, in the mid-term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation.
I do not think, however, that this report has come too late.
Mr President, on numerous occasions in the past I have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues. This time, however, I actually agree with her.
As an islander, however, I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition of island development.
The Commission, however, though bound to issue guidelines, does so only reluctantly and in a vague manner.
Due to the elections to the European Parliament taking place around this time, however, Parliament was not able to undertake its examination of these guidelines until after the text had been definitively adopted, in July 1999.
This is not a situation related to the economic climate, however; rather it is a structural problem, created by our remoteness, our insularity, in short, our own specific personality.
With all due respect for the principle of competition, competition is not, however, an end in itself.
Many of the report' s conclusions, however, are cause for concern, at least for our group.
If we had to give a prize for the article which was most difficult to understand, least clear and most confused - however you like to put it - the competition would be very hard fought.
At the same time, however, we see from the van Hulten report under discussion today that the European Public Prosecutor should in turn be supervised by a European Union court.
The challenge for the Commission and for ourselves is, however, to find the right mix.
It is the task of the monitoring committee for OLAF, which was set up at the same time as OLAF, to safeguard the independence of OLAF, however it cannot undertake the action mentioned in the report of monitoring internal investigative activities conducted by OLAF.
In all such cases, however, strict criteria must be met and prior approval from the European Commission gained.
Much remains to be done, however, and I call on the Commission to be far tougher in exposing the subsidy junkies of Europe.
(PT) By proposing to apply the principle of subsidiarity in Community competition policy, the Commission is devolving to national authorities and courts the responsibility to take decisions and deal with abuses of dominant positions in relation to company agreements which create market distortion. Issues of mergers and state aid however, still remain within the notification system.
We must use the Berlin Summit aid appropriations and we must change the forestry policy implemented in most countries in the Union. That, however, is another problem altogether.
I am also keen to guard against an exponential growth in the number of special envoys, however worthy the cause.
This limited training element has, however, been removed from all introductory courses which have taken place in recent times.
It should be noted that the current regulation on social security systems does not at present refer to the question of early retirement and the Commission has proposed certain amendments to the regulation which are, however, still pending before the Council.
It is of course a prerequisite, however, that there be financial resources and means of actually crossing the borders physically if you have a disability.
It indicates, however, that we acknowledge that steps are being made in the right direction.
So far, the promises which have been made are still, however, to be fulfilled, especially where transparency is concerned.
There are some who think that it is more in our interests to let bygones be bygones and make a fresh start. I do not, however, think we can make a fresh start if we do not tidy things up properly.
What we really need to focus on, however, is making the checks more effective.
This is not just about bureaucratic reform, however; rather, it is about showing good will towards the citizens.
I am persuaded, however, by the suggestion in paragraph 34 of the report on using external bodies to enforce existing provisions on financial liability.
It is very clear, however, that parts of the Commission services are already very stretched.
I want to emphasise, however, that whilst internal discipline on priority-setting will certainly be introduced by the Commission, it can only be fully effective if Parliament and the Council share it and take an equally stringent attitude to the demands made on the Commission.
What is important, however, is that they have begun.
Of 47 states invited from all corners of the world, not one of them, however, is an Arab state included in the EU' s Barcelona process.
Unfortunately, however, it has highlighted the difficulties rather than proposing solutions.
There is one thing, however, that we cannot deny, and that is that Mr Kouchner' s efforts to return Kosovo' s internal situation to normal have been extremely positive.
These cultural dimensions, however, almost always have their own economic dimension in turn, that is the level of resources which can be called on specifically to provide aid for cultural initiatives.
If we look at the private sector, however, we will find not only that this fabled 'financial stability' has been unsuccessful but that we are most probably sitting on a volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
Now, though, it should follow through with its actions, and the first to follow through should be the Commission, which, however, has been obscure and weak on this, making the value of the presidency' s position even more apparent.
I support the Council proposals in this, while deploring a certain lack of strength, a certain spinelessness, on the part of the Commission which will, however, have to be vigilant on a day-by-day basis, with determination over time, since Fascists count on the spinelessness of democracy, they count on time to wear us down and they hope to impose their views in the end.
We were also outraged, however, at the tolerance of the left for the tyranny, the terror and the excesses of the former USSR.
We should recognise, however, that the democratic process sometimes produces uncomfortable results.
This communication does not pretend to be the final word on this issue; however, it is the first time that the Commission has presented a structured presentation of the principle and its operational use.
Allow me to remind you, however, that use of the precautionary principle does not need to be synonymous with there being a total ban.
It is, however, perfectly correct that, when it comes, for example, to chemicals, we must ensure that we obtain a reversed burden of proof.
Mr Prodi secured positive comments for a proposal which would otherwise have been met with criticism, for the new draft regulation presents as progress the fact that it will now be possible to grant right of access to documents in the Commission' s possession. There follows, however, a long, long list of exceptions, and there is legal entitlement to confidentiality in regard to those exceptions.
It is not, however, possible to talk about this without at the same time talking about monetary union.
It is, however, important to emphasise that the Intergovernmental Conference is and will remain a conference of the Member States.
The amendment of the Treaties was, however, limited to a review of some internal rules, which was necessary and important, but did not answer the fundamental question: what is Europe, what are its common principles and therefore, its objectives and limitations?
By its very nature, however, the European Union is, and will remain, a complex and convoluted multi-governmental institution.
It is unfortunate that there has been no serious consideration thus far here in Parliament of the issue of internal differentiation within the Union, which will, however, be necessary if the Union is to enlarge as planned.
Let us make this clear, however much some people may not wish to believe it.
Perhaps it would be better, however, if the positions of responsibility within the European Union and the other institutions from the OSCE to the United Nations, were to get together some time to introduce a uniform, coordinated procedure and to examine how we can be of real assistance to the people there.
The rapporteur and the report are right to start from the premise that we should, and must, provide help swiftly, however it is also right to start from the premise that we will not provide help indefinitely or at random.
In our view, however, in both respects, greater room for manoeuvre should be left to the administration of the United Nations which, on the ground, is more aware of the reality than we are.
I do, however, have one small concern, when I hear the Commissioner on the subject of the commitments made by their services in the Committee on Budgets.
I would like to say however that it is, and has always been, a very modest budget and therefore the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real.
Cultural cooperation - and this was also mentioned earlier - truly creates identity, far more so than any transport directive, however important it might be.
The money from this pool, system, or however you want to picture it, would mean that from 2006 all vehicles in circulation could be taken in without cost to the last holder.
It has not, however, been possible to solve the problem of vehicles currently being used but which are already old and which cost far more to recycle.
There is, however, one thing we should not overlook.
It is the Member States, however, who will have to implement this directive, and let us beware of going into too much detail because the industrial traditions, the demolition and crushing sectors vary according to whether you are in Italy or in Finland.
In anticipation of this EU directive' s being implemented, EU countries ought however to be individually liable for scrapping vehicles in the best way possible so that the retroactive element in the EU legislation is not applied.
Relatively few women, however, are active in scientific disciplines despite the excellent results they achieve in their studies.
The latter would be well advised, however, to follow the good example of the Commission, for once, and make the same efforts in their own research programmes.
This necessary realistic and pragmatic policy, however, which will have to be associated with the elimination of the practical obstacles identified as unquestionable factors in this inequality must, as far as we are concerned, necessarily be based on the idea of complementarity, which is the only one capable of justifying a proactive policy on the subject.
There are, however, two considerations which must certainly be dealt with within this text.
Finland' s experience, however, is that integration, rather than isolation, is the better way of combating antidemocratic forces.
I share the Commission' s preference for the use of global grants while urging, however, that the accounting requirements of national and regional authorities should be precisely and painstakingly defined.
In reality, however, the Commission communication does not contain a single provision for the Member States with these integrated approaches for social and employment policy aspects.
Mrs Stenzel' s report has, however, turned out very well, at least where the prescribed guidelines are concerned.
I have two major concerns, however, about the development partnerships.
They must, however, not be subordinated to the objectives and aspirations of a more generally negative economic and social policy, but must develop their own self-sufficient role.
Some members of the Committee, however, supported Mrs Stenzel' s proposal and wordings.
This increased awareness does not, however, affect identity alone.
There is a problem, however, which we need to address together.
I am pleased to see, however, that under LEADER+, new resources have been allocated to helping rural territories to develop their potential and to implement the objectives of local and sustainable development.
I think however that you will all recognise your own comments.
This cannot, however, be grounds for an extension of the original time limit.
According to the general regulations, however, any technical assistance scheme which can claim a connection with a Community initiative must be proposed under Article 20, and not Article 23.
I must add, however, that cooperation between our action groups and similar groups in third countries went too far for the Member States.
I would like to remind you, however, that there is a special axis for the employment strategy which relates to women and that a special programme is being prepared, the fifth programme for equality between men and women.
I have, however, no sympathy for Mrs Lucas trying to hide behind her Parliamentary immunity.
Even stronger still, however, is the sense of insecurity, the feeling of being unprepared in a new world that is moving forwards, a world which is completely changing, where globalisation will even end up changing our points of reference.
At the same time, however, it has to be said that, unfortunately, your programme reminds me in many ways of a party manifesto.
This is true, if we think of Russia' s plans in the thirties, but at the start of your mandate, a few months ago, you yourself announced at the Conference of Presidents that you would, however, be presenting a legislative programme, or rather, the major policy lines of the European government of which you are head and in the running of which we are engaged today.
So, whether this is to be a government programme or a potential programme, the breakdown of the document you distributed to us and of the accompanying speech is not much more than a list of good intentions, or rather a list of issues on the table. It does not, however, give us the impression that the Commission is taking a clear position on any of these points, but that it is just doing the European Commission' s duty.
In order to make these reforms, however, and in order to make progress with the 2001 legislative programme, we must be very sure, not only of the strengths of the reformer himself, but also of the opinions of others.
You must not allow yourself to be distracted by the sole issue of enlargement, however important this may be.
We must, however, admit that in financial terms we cannot proclaim a victory!
The present CAP, however, is worse than its predecessor and it also starts from a worse basis, granted that the 1992 CAP review and the GATT agreement in 1995 have created serious problems and impasses for the agricultural economy.
In no case, however, are they programmes for the integrated development of the selected areas and they do not create permanent jobs in the countryside because most of the activities there are not productive in nature.
I should, however, like to add that it only makes sense if we ensure that the new TSE regulation allows a reasonable symbiosis between consumer protection and practicable suggestions.
I should like to stress quite particularly here that we have already made considerable progress under current national and European water protection laws, however imperfect they are and however little they are complied with in the Member States.
In the present political circumstances it is however unrealistic to imagine that the border between Armenia and Turkey, as well as the one between Armenia and Azerbaijan could be opened without settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.
We will, however, consider raising the matter with the Turkish authorities, together with other issues concerning regional development policies in the framework of the new pre-accession strategy for Turkey.
In my view, the most important consequence, however, is that countries should do some careful thinking and, above all, make sure they send in their lists of Natura 2000 sites.
I need to know about this allocation, however, and this is why I said that I could not answer today.
It is, however, interested in official statements and actions.
A recent study, carried out by Professor Lindgren of the University of Lund, however, has shown that abolishing the restrictions would not lead to a higher alcohol consumption in Sweden.
I must say, however, that, there are discrepancies between the countries in the north and south concerning water, and that is why the matter cannot be dealt with in the same way.
In spite of these remarks however, I believe our common objective of sustainable use of water resources can be maintained.
We must, however, keep to their precise scope and content.
This must not, however, be an excuse for subsidising inefficient economic sectors which cause pollution.
The new definition in Amendment No 72 is, however, too strict and cannot be applied for this purpose.
In order to achieve the greatest possible legal clarity and proportionality, we wish, however, to reformulate Amendment No 47 and to add a de minimis provision.
It is equally true, however, that we should begin by saying that this regulation is better than those covering LIFE I and LIFE II.
The Commission can, in principle, also approve Amendment No 4 which ought, however, to be introduced into another place in the text.
The amount quoted in Amendment No 12 does not, however, tally with the budget set on the basis of Agenda 2000.
We are now faced with a number of common challenges, however; demographic development, for example, which has to do not only with the increase in the number of elderly people but also with the lower birth rate.
There are, however, one or two aspects about which I have doubts as to whether or not we are being too specific.
It is obvious, however, that these countries, impoverished within a Communist economic system, cannot cope with a social policy like, for example, Sweden' s.
It would be appropriate, however, for us also to mention some points which should be at the focus of future WIPO work or the work of other diplomatic conferences.
Mr President, I should like to thank our rapporteur for this excellent report which, nonetheless, concludes that, as a Community, our accession to these two WIPO treaties must not boil down to a mere institutional development, however important that may be, i.e. the opportunity for the European Community and the WIPO Assembly to work together.
The entry into force of the treaties and their final form is, however, in addition to this recommendation, dependent on implementation by the parties themselves.
This responsibility cannot only be borne by the Commissioner for Development and Humanitarian Aid, however much we like to see him or hear him talk, or by the Development Council or the parliamentary Committee on Development and Cooperation.
In the meantime, however, as has already been mentioned, the negotiations on the future of the Lomé Convention have been concluded.
Above all, however, we should give the countries concerned the opportunity to trade with us.
In my view, however, the development policy itself needs to be more coherent too.
I would, however, warn against the illusion that incoherence is the product of some kind of a mechanical deficiency in the system.
The debate in Geneva, however, is more focused on human rights issues.
The situation, however, is that a social model is being established whose real purpose is harmonisation, and uniform harmonisation into the bargain.
That does not, however, prevent the Member States from cooperating and exchanging ideas in the social sphere.
At the same time, however, we shut our eyes to the Union' s own problems: to the violence, inequality, and fourth world reality, which is part of everyday life in the EU.
The rhetoric that we use, however, often smacks of smugness, verging on the sort of narcissism we associate with human rights attitudes in North America.
The big question, however, is from what budget heading should this aid be financed?
At the same time, however, it means that both the Council and the Commission have a very strong mandate, so that the strength of opinion expressed by all the European parties, and all the peoples, can empower their political ability to address the problem.
In order to be able to develop, the countries concerned must, however, become actively involved in the global economic system.
Mr President, Commissioner Patten, today we are discussing a country that really has suffered hard times, a country that is, however, moving in a very promising direction, thanks to its own efforts and resolve and certainly also thanks to the support of the international community.
It does, however, have the ambition to break free from this image.
We, however, second the Council' s decision to give the sanctions a different focus.
I want to stress, however, that whatever the programme is called, our commitment to the integration of FYROM and its neighbours into the European family is stronger than ever.
The framework decision will, however, have to be supplemented by other legal acts in future.
Investment in OTC derivatives, however, should only be allowed on condition that both quantitative and qualitative criteria are introduced.
The key issue regarding the first proposal, however, is Parliament' s amendment which allows the use of over-the-counter instruments for general investment purposes.
One has to content oneself with the idea that all means, however slight, must be seized upon in order to set up better legal assistance.
As long as this harmonisation has not been achieved, however, we need to be consistent if we want to bring about mutual legal assistance.
I should like, however, to draw your attention to the fact that all this is taking place in a framework in which there is confusion and a schizophrenic attitude about criminal law.
This, however, does not mean that the Council can work on this anonymously.
The Dutch Members of the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities will, however, despite hesitation, not withhold their support for the Di Pietro report in the final vote.
It is, however, regrettable that the Commission has eschewed multiannual financing and decided instead to allocate funds on a yearly basis.
My Group has signed a joint resolution with EPP and UEN, in which, however, we made it clear right from the outset that we are against the naming of company names.
After a month, however, there was still only a handful of observers.
The UN, however, have pledged to dispatch a police force of 4 800.
To date, however, Mr Kouchner only has about 2 000 police troops at his disposal.
What is disconcerting, however, is Mr Kouchner' s sharp criticism levelled at the French Government these days.
Russia' s new strong man, however, added a rather puzzling comment to this welcome declaration: 'As far as I am aware, Mr Babitsky already feels free.'
The way in which the political opposition is now being treated, however, gives us cause for great concern and, if it carries on like this, it is bound to impact on the Union' s relations with Cambodia.
The problem for some of us, however, is the lack of specification of the extent of the legal base and of just how it would relate to considerations of subsidiarity.
It does, however, support my view that I am not, apparently, the only one who cannot agree with the majority opinion.
I am surprised, however, at the fact that many want to achieve this by means of Community policy.
Since then, however, there has been no progress.
Even in that respect, any cooperation should, however, be carried out according to the subsidiarity principle.
Policy on tourism is not, however, something which ought to be planned and decided upon by the European Parliament or by the EU as a whole.
Moreover - and Mr Miller has already pointed this out - it will surely not be the end of the world if the postman no longer comes round, even in my country, however densely populated it may be.
Members should however represent all the citizens, which means it is their duty to think not in terms of business management but in terms of the national economy.
I would, however, remind you, and this is my final point, that the Commission is not the only Community institution.
In addition, however, and very importantly, because it is a transition period, there will be training, there will be advice, there will be support, there will be assurances.
Another, at least as important, lesson of our experience, however, is that it is better to prevent a crisis than to have to take emergency action subsequently.
It should also be remembered, however, that no one voluntarily relinquishes power, and that applies to both men and women.
I would like to emphasise, however, that the EU and the rest of the world must not limit their aid to Mozambique to the emergency that we are now discussing.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there remains, however, one immediate problem: the need to provide help for all Mozambicans who have been afflicted, many of whose lives are in danger, in their flooded villages, hoping that they will be rescued.
Promoting employment, however, is a long-winded affair and comes under structural policy.
My conclusions about this differ completely, however, from those of the previous speaker.
The Commission has, however, made it clear that it intends itself to engage in studies and pilot projects of a wider environmental kind.
This is a worthy objective, the implementation of which, however, has sometimes revealed an ignorance of the biological characteristics of Mediterranean species of fish.
In no way, however, can diseased fish be used for human consumption.
I must emphasise, however, that there are serious constraints.
I agree, however, with the statement in Amendment No 2 saying that no compensation has been made payable to salmon farmers.
In this context I am happy to partly accept Amendment No 1, taking into account, however, that scientific investigations are not done by the Commission but that the Commission relies on results of investigations carried out in the Member States.
This body was established back in March 1969 and is formally obliged to meet biannually, however the norm is that it meets annually and takes its decisions on the basis of scientific advice.
These conditions are binding, however contracting parties may lodge objections within a six-month period.
This particularly applies, however, to our own coastal waters.
If I may, however, just make a few comments on the method.
I feel, however, that the European Union has so far not actually come up with any expression of Community solidarity at the requisite level.
The secondary impact, however, is proving to be on the economy, the primary impact being environmental and only the second economic, as many Members have stated.
Allow me to say, however, on a more practical level, that, for the same Member States and the Union, this also concerns the loss of economic resources taken from European citizens in violation of human and economic rights.
It was furthermore widely known, as you have just said, Mrs Morgantini, that Israel' s interpretation of the territory to which the agreement applies does not match our own. The Commission believes, however, that our interpretation is completely unambiguous.
It is, however, crucial for the data collection method to be carried out in a scientifically justified manner.
It is, however, recognised that other species such as trout, eels or herring, may be carriers of the virus without being affected by it.
We do, however, deplore the indecisive nature of the resolution.
We do already know, however, that it will be extensive.
It is worth emphasising, however, that small-scale coastal fishing is a good example of how fishing activity can be combined with sustainable development that does not threaten the marine environment.
- (FR) The Commission communication lists a series of objectives and proposals reporting the need to continue the efforts undertaken in the field of inspection and supervision, to adopt new technical measures under the heading of the selectivity of fishing techniques, monitoring the application of legislation in force, etc. In its communication, however, at the same time the Commission specifies that it is not in a position to ensure that this legislation is complied with.
Often, however, national considerations, and sometimes ideological resistance also, mean that these tools do not get used.
Now, with the rapid advent of electronic commerce, and with the speed at which we process and utilise transfers of data reaching new levels, we need to move at Mika Häkkinen Formula 1 speed at the very least. We must, however, be sure that the engine does not give out before the decision makers get to the finishing line.
The most important issue, however, is developing mature interpersonal relationships in the family, at work, in society and in international relations.
An appeal for the coordination of social policies or an insistence on a society based on innovation and knowledge or on information technology will therefore not be enough, however important they may be.
My own experience of these industries, however, is that they are managing really rather well.
At the same time, however, they also make life much easier for many people because they create jobs.
I have to say, however, that dynamism and entrepreneurship as well as social cohesion are a very ambitious target, not to mention the creative tension between those two objectives.
I cannot help thinking however that although these values have gone sky high and we may expect the bubble to burst, nevertheless the underlying structural change in our economies is here to stay.
Since 1997, however, the really significant results have failed to materialise.
If we are to take this seriously, however, if the intention is for this really to become a political programme, then no additional justification is required for a policy of social inclusion, because participation in society would in itself be the strongest productive force in our shared economy.
If Austria does this, however, it will be lying to and duping the very people who voted for one of the parties in its government.
I would, however, like to thank the Portuguese Presidency most heartily for the document presented and for the excellent address given by the President-in-Office of the Council.
So far, there remains, however, a lot to be done in terms of developing methods.
That does not mean that other questions raised at first reading are not important. What it does mean, however, is that we ought to concentrate on those which are most important.
In the developing countries, however, intensive work still needs to be done on designing appropriate policies, strategies and projects to prevent further destruction and to care for the environment.
Given the danger to the passengers and also other drivers this would, however, be necessary.
This should not, however, slow down the prompt implementation of the directive.
In establishing penal systems, however, it is important to realise that penalties must on no account be targeted at the Member State, but the driver or company involved.
It was however initially scheduled, I thought, for noon tomorrow.
The main question, however, is that of whether the principle of loyal cooperation should take precedence over the right to express oneself.
However, it should not lead to the abandonment of the great momentum of European construction, for the sake of protecting the Community' s financial interests, however important we may all agree that that is. The Treaty obliges the Commission, primarily, to provide that momentum.
Mr President, it is interesting that Mr Prodi has presented today a work programme; however, our agenda says that we are having a debate on a legislative programme.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection has, however, adopted two important amendments.
At second reading, however, the European Parliament can thwart this directive which would have serious implications if it were applied.
In order to reassure us, we are told that the imitation cocoa is restricted to six tropical products: illipe from Borneo, butter from shea nuts - which are also used to manufacture aircraft engine oil - etc. As we go from directives to amendments, however, these six products become seven, eight, nine, up to and including soya, oilseed rape and GMOs.
It offers the prospect of large profits, however, for the multinationals, who have been working behind the scenes for around fifteen years to achieve their ends, i.e. having the derogations granted, on the occasion of a number of countries' joining the Union, extended to become the general rule.
I would also like to make it quite clear, however, that as regards the European institutions, this is not only a matter of ensuring that the European Parliament issues a protest and a repudiation.
These concerns are, however, drowned out in a hotchpotch of irresolute declarations.
At the same time, however, we wish to ask the important question, which is: what is to become of the inspections?
There are, however, examples of good practice, because the countries around the Baltic Sea have already been operating in this way since 1998.
The real problem, however, is the application and observance of these standards!
These are, however, no less essential to the charter as basic elements.
There are, however, two points that I would like to mention here.
In our opinion, however, we should be moving towards a Europe of peoples, peoples whose identity is not necessarily defined according to the present form of the Member States.
The true value of human life, however, will never be fully understood if we lose sight of God, the Creator of all things, including man.
At the same time, however, the impression has been created in the public arena that the European Union does not even respect the fundamental right - as it were - of an individual State to form a government with sovereign power.
In our eagerness to make things right, we are, however, in danger of doing a lot of damage.
The nations of Europe can be proud of their record on human rights; however, have they needed charters?
We oppose the charter, however, because in the idea behind it, we detect a kind of Trojan horse for federalism, a political trap which would entail other serious political and legal consequences for the Member States and peoples of Europe.
At the same time, however, this means that we must confine ourselves to the traditional fundamental rights and avoid extending the scope to social and economic fundamental rights, which are not legally enforceable at European level.
We had, however, identified, for institutional reasons, with regard to extremely serious or sensitive issues, five categories of exceptions requiring unanimity.
My question, however, concerns concrete matters and the substance of this agreement.
That still leaves 20%, however, and for a very simple reason.
Studies have been carried out, however, such as the Gretab study, to cite but one, which show that in fact the railroad route via the Somport-Pau-Canfranc-Jaca pass would enable a volume of heavy goods traffic equal to that currently using the Mont Blanc Tunnel.
I must point out however that, although the Commission intends to express this type of guideline, it will do so by means of a recommendation.
Both groups, however, have one thing in common: they want the eco-label to succeed.
It is right, however, that there should be a cost reduction for SMEs and for products from developing countries.
It should, however, be noted that stricter requirements are already in place in a number of Member States.
It is wrong, however, that the standards for ammonia should not apply to all installations.
Paradoxically, however, by the same token, the rapporteur is in favour of mixing dangerous and non-dangerous waste.
There are differing infrastructures for the treatment and incineration of waste in different countries, however, and, as a result, the same provisions are not in fact the same for everyone.
The draft, however, calls for ongoing, expensive, to some extent impossible, and environmentally unnecessary monitoring of plants that are engaged in harmless coincineration.
This amendment cannot, however, be adopted by the Commission.
We cannot, however, accept that short-term measures should only be taken at local level.
This ought, however, to be done in a broader perspective and not only in relation to changes in fuel consumption.
We cannot be satisfied with just this, however, as, after this target has been met, there will still be too many areas where pollution counts exceed levels that are dangerous to people and nature.
It has to be said, however, that there is very considerable exaggeration with regard to the costs involved.
This is, however, wrong because we know that the Member States themselves have contributed to the report which serves as a basis for the whole directive.
The word "impossible" has been used about the directive. I should like to say, however, that what is impossible is the situation which we have at present.
These values, however, are the result of a political compromise between states, and the results of the model used by the Commission have been overlooked.
Upon examination of the table with the different ceilings for each Member State, however, I get the impression that there are double standards.
The Commission cannot however agree to bring forward the dates for reports to Parliament and Council.
Alongside this general criticism of the FFH directive, however, I also see a particular problem with the amalgamation of the EU environmental and structural policies.
What this moral obligation actually entails and the extent of our efforts and commitment will, however, come to light in the context of that wretched reality represented by wars and armed conflicts.
On the other hand there is also progress, however bumpy, and some regions and cities in Europe are becoming at ease with a multi-racial and multi-cultural way of life.
What is remarkable, however, is the deafening silence when it comes to those who really are the weaker parties amongst us: the elderly, babies and the handicapped.
We have to admit, however, that we still have a lot of homework to do.
We believe that the fight against racism does not really require a legal arsenal, however good this may be, but rather specific measures to eliminate unemployment and exclusion. This is where we expect to see progress.
I should also, however, like to thank Mr Pirker and Mrs Palacio.
For them, however, Crunchie time has come and they now have Creme Egg on their faces.
The measures contained in this 3-year strategy, however, should hopefully bring manufacturers on board.
Sometimes, however, it can release dangerous chemicals, such as dioxins, into the atmosphere.
In my opinion, however, an information campaign is needed following the merger of these directives.
The goal of full employment which reappears on the agenda whenever growth returns is clearly an admirable intention. It is difficult to achieve, however, without attacking the real causes of unemployment.
At the same time, however, I would ask the Commission to aim for swift and visible results, the goal being the European Union' s first enlargement. We can then prove to our own citizens that we have addressed the problem.
The motives here were different, however, and voters simply overwhelmingly voted the old government and Socialism out in favour of an alternative.
That agreement, however, was reached with the Council subsequent to the initial drafting of this document.
We are unable, however, to vote in favour of this agreement for the reasons stated and must continue to fight for better agreements in the future.
Fortunately, that criticism and reluctance is now a thing of the past; unfortunately, however, we still hear some reservations, like those voiced in Parliament just now.
In the case of information technology, however, we start with a totally different set of coordinates.
The European response to new challenges and exploiting opportunities has, however, been a long time coming.
Fortunately, the Commission has shown initiative in this matter, however, and has focused attention on accelerating developments here.
It was with regret that I learned that only some of these amendments had been included in Mrs Read' s report. I am, however, in agreement with the main points of the report, and I do hope that this omission was due to the unfortunate circumstances which meant that my Committee, which deals with consumer protection, did not have time to produce an official opinion.
We are all born with the potential to learn and acquire knowledge. This cannot, however, occur without good prior conditions for education and learning.
It is not, however, just a question of technical equipment. It is also a question of developing new teaching methods and distance learning.
Commendably, in my view, the present programme refers to the area of transport. Do not forget, however, that it is also possible, to a significant degree, to achieve an actual physical reduction in transport needs, which is something we should be trying to come to grips with.
All the same, however, we must remember that basically fundamental rights come within the remit of the national parliaments and, as a whole, of the various peoples of Europe.
We are, however, hesitant about making such a Charter legally binding before it has been fully clarified what that would mean in practice.
We voted against it, however, because two points were accepted by the majority of the House;
I would, however, like to ensure that my voting intentions are not misinterpreted.
With regard to paragraphs 53, 54 and 56 I oppose discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation. I would, however, add a few caveats.
Whilst, at first sight, recognition of the community may seem a factor that protects the integration of minorities, in fact, however, it is a strong factor of social segregation and regression (you need only think of the situation of young Turkish or Maghreb girls, who are excluded from the emancipating benefits of ethnically mixed schooling, who are held back by archaic rules on the status of women).
For the referendum to lead to the fulfilment of those objectives, however, the preparatory work must be done with great care, especially the correct compilation of the full electoral roll, which has still not been achieved, and strict fulfilment of the criteria governing its compilation must be insisted on.
We should be reminded, however - so as not to be too sanctimonious in all of this - that when Chechen refugees turned to us for help we did not receive them in our own countries as we did on such a large scale with Kosovo.
We are also appalled, however, at the attitude of the western powers, in particular the European ones.
What did receive the official seal of approval for the Serbian population, however, were the politically correct pop music stations of Slobo' s son Marko and daughter Marija.
Some Member States announced, however, that they would be sending observers on a bilateral basis including, in some cases, representatives of their national parliaments.
The Commission is, however, concerned about the restrictions imposed by the Iraqi Government on NGO operations, which may jeopardise the implementation of ECHO financed humanitarian aid programmes in Iraq.
On the other hand, however, we must take care not to classify certain peoples in a particular manner.
Maintaining bio-diversity is also about more than preventing the extinction of certain animal species, however important these may be, such as elephants and whales.
We need, however, to hold a more open position on the disposal of the Cuban shell stockpiles until we know the position of the neighbouring countries to Cuba.
Here, however, CITES will need to work closely with regional fisheries bodies and the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation.
We would emphasise, however, that we cannot support the means of combating racism and xenophobia that the report recommends.
It would be warranted, however, for such internal ECB transfers, which will not be included in detail in the Eurosystem' s weekly consolidated financial statements, to be disclosed a posteriori.
The Commission is prepared, however, to adopt this amendment.
The funding of long-term exchange programmes cannot, however, be accepted, as such action is not a part of the information policy.
As the Commission will be aware, however, a number of Member States within the European Union have devolved systems of regional government.
Scotland, Wales, the Basque country, Catalonia, Galicia, even a region as large as Andalusia, cannot depend on the decisions of a central State, however much of a State it is.
In some cases this violation is covered up by including as national regional funds development funds, which are mainly, however, targeted at the fastest growing areas.
We are further told, however, that all is well, because the additionality rules in the regulation are being carried through properly.
One must always bear in mind, however, that a system such as this will require not only legislative provisions to be put in place but the technical details will also have to be arranged.
In addition, however, it must be borne in mind that there are proposals relating to the removal of SRMs, which add another layer of security for the consumer.
At the same time, however, it seems that the regulation affects the interests of the American aircraft industry.
and sixthly, we are prepared to review Regulation (EC) No 925/99 on aircraft registered in third countries provided, however, that in the interim agreement is reached within the ICAO on new standards.
The strictest possible criteria to reduce noise and emissions from aircraft engines can only be achieved however by using performance criteria and not design criteria which is commercially sponsored and fast-track in anti-competitive legislation.
At the same time, however, I would stress that the bilateral approach hitherto adopted by the Commission does not seem adequate to meet the numerous challenges presented by the Mediterranean.
There are, however, advantages to establishing things from scratch.
As others have said before me, however, our partners have felt even more disappointed since this date: with very few association agreements and no agreements actually implemented yet, considerable amounts of European appropriations anticipated, but fewer allocated and still less actually paid, as all our partners keep telling us time and again.
On the other hand, however, there are countries on this list whose governments do not even deserve to be described as such, and countries with which I do not think we should speak, such as Afghanistan.
Let us not lose hope, however, that we will soon be debating these issues here with Commissioner Vitorino. That will be a sign that Europe has moved towards common policies based on a balance between security and integration, and that it has finally opted to put an end to uncertainty.
The action plans, however, can be considered as a first step in creating an external policy on migration of the European Union and should therefore be given a chance.
What we do want, however, is to provide the strategic momentum needed so that small and medium-sized enterprises can quickly start using the structures of the new information and communications technologies and participating in the information society.
The greatest challenge, however, is in relation to our commitment to reconstruct and secure peace and stability in the Balkans.
This call is obviously directed at the Commission and the Commission will submit its proposal accordingly; however, this message is also directed at the Council, above all at the Council.
I must, however, say to Mr Turmes that, despite what I have just said, we cannot consider peat to be a renewable energy.
We can, however, support renewable energies, precisely because they are obviously based on respect for the environment and on reducing emissions.
With its proposal to establish a committee of inquiry, an alliance of Greens and of Members from the Left and Right of the political spectrum clearly want, however, to use Parliament as an arena for James Bond-style games.
It is not, however, a question of the directive we adopted in 1998 being a bad one.
This also means, however, that we need to investigate the patenting of parts of the human genetic make-up and of genes themselves, which is also made possible by the directive on patenting.
I shall, however, at least notify you of the other proposals, if only out of consideration for the Members and the groups which tabled them.
We must bring our attention to bear, however, on the economic poverty of the parents who are led to exploit their own children in order to survive, or the poverty of abandoned and defenceless children who have lost their points of reference, and think this is their only way out of the situation.
International cooperation is needed in this area, admittedly, as is Europol action, and why do we not extend Interpol' s mandate? If child pornography must be fought, however, then it must be fought as such, whatever the means of transmission!
I do wonder, however, whether too much is not being asked of the Council through Parliament' s adding new elements to the description of the criminal offence of "child pornography" .
Therefore, a number of them choose in the end perhaps to apply for citizenship in the new country. A number of surveys show, however, that, even for those who achieve their dream of returning home, it is very important that the period in exile should have been meaningful, that they should have had the opportunity to grow as people and that their qualifications should have been used so that they do not cease to develop as people and are not hindered from developing professionally in their own fields by stagnation, passivity, uncertainty and lack of qualifications.
All in all, however, the European Refugee Fund is, in fact, to be regarded as a start.
The Member States will, however, need to set up all kinds of structures and procedures in order to share out the money.
The Commission cannot, however, go along with other sets of amendments, particularly those on budgetary methods.
May I, however, express the Commission's disappointment that Mrs Kauppi's initial report could not be accepted.
What does cause a problem for us, however, is the way in which the Council has robbed the Commission of the ability to act immediately in case of an emergency.
It should, however, be clear to all MEPs that the Commission cannot act independently according to this latter procedure and must always seek permission from the Council.
It does not, however, mean deleting any additives from the list.
It does mean, however, that food safety must be at the top of the agenda.
Ethylhydroxyethylcellulose has, however, been used for more than 20 years in Sweden and Finland, and I think also in Norway, as a binding agent in gluten-free bread and pastries.
In the meantime, however, we have good news to impart.
There are, however, a few problems remaining, one of which I have already mentioned, namely export refunds.
I should, however, like to make two observations.
If we look at what really happens, however, it is often not about a child who goes to school or food which is grown locally in a more productive way. Very often, economic interests of the various Member States in Europe take priority over poverty issues in the relevant countries.
Parliament and the Budgetary Control Committee are, however, keen to ensure that the reform occurs at a speedy pace, which is why we have decided to postpone discharge in the expectation that the Commission will hit the targets that we have set them within the next two months.
We are delighted that there was an almost unanimous consensus, however, on the new practical approach to the general discharge.
A few things are already clear, however, irrespective of the fraud affair itself.
The fact that this is a case of the pot calling the kettle black should not, however, be any reason for tolerating deceit, fraud and further theft of taxpayers' money and should not, especially, give certain people any excuse for tolerating these things. Nor should it be any reason or excuse for allowing those who have lined their pockets and taken advantage all these years to go unpunished.
It should not be any surprise to outside observers, or those in the system, that as Parliament has become more authoritative in ensuring the democratic accountability of the institutions, it will not be simply fobbed off with a lack of reply to questions which have been asked, however far they go back into the past.
It is unseemly, however, to deploy the discharge procedure as a weapon in a party-politically motivated battle and, what is more, it undermines Parliament' s influence in the long run.
There are, however, three forms of sidelong shift which give me pause.
Because of the time available, I cannot, of course, comment on every intervention; however, I shall try to summarise the various points.
Our diet, however, often contains a cocktail of different substances whose combined effect is rarely identified!
While the combat must involve international cooperation, however, it is also essential to fight on a day-to-day basis by preventing all these practices becoming commonplace.
The aim alone does not, however, make the meeting a historic one; what does is the range of measures that the meeting is recommending the Union and its Member States take to achieve their objective.
It is, of course, all well and good to have the strategic goal of becoming the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world with a view to creating sustainable growth. The first problem, however, is that no specific actions of any kind have been outlined which can give actual substance to this ambition.
To call it the Employment Summit, however, would be to depart from its real purpose.
The Lisbon conclusions, Mr President, may, however, in other respects, give rise to a number of reservations.
Thirdly, if you want to enhance employment for women, you will need to undertake some action in the care sector and not simply in the new technologies, however important they may be. The care sector will be of key significance in years to come.
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner and the President-in-Office of the Council for their reports on the Cairo summit and say how really surprising I think it is that there has never been a summit of this kind before. When, however, one learns that it took four years to arrange it, then this is not perhaps so extraordinary.
The Action Plan does not, however, specify that an external legal expert should sit on the board.
The affair of Mr van Buitenen was conducted completely in compliance with the existing Staff Regulations and however tested, I am sure that any fair-minded person is bound to come to that conclusion.
This meant of course that very thorough work was undertaken with the Greek delegation too, which is following this issue with a sense of importance worthy of Athenian diplomacy. Now, however, the delegation is also guided by the spirit of a diplomatic rapprochement, which has been seen in relation to its neighbouring country since the earthquake that devastated Turkey and the consequent expression of solidarity by Greece.
In the meantime, however, Turkey and the other candidate countries will start to benefit from a strategy of rapprochement and stronger political dialogue.
I should, however, like to say a few more words about the political situation in Turkey.
The deciding factor, however, will be whether or not Turkey will subscribe to a European set of values in which human rights, democracy and the protection of minorities are guaranteed.
We must be careful, however, that we do not now just sit back in the belief that we have finished our work.
The Commission, however, acknowledges that these amendments aim at addressing the possible problems that certain industries might face with strict time-limited consent.
The Commission is, however, willing to reconsider this amendment in the light of its original proposal and within the framework of an overall compromise.
The Commission is, however, of the opinion that this is already appropriately covered in the Rules of Procedure of the Committee.
The latest crisis in the foodstuffs sector may justify the introduction of stricter standards, as contained in the report; however, where possible, red tape should be reduced.
The unwillingness of the Commission is, however, with apologies to the Commissioner, apparent to everyone.
We have, however, eliminated frontiers, and this is the price we have to pay for Europe: freedom of movement at the expense of safety.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, however much I respect the opinion of the Members who have just spoken, I find it harsh and unjust to regard our report as inadmissible because of paragraph 15.
So too, however, must be the role of Parliament.
That does not, however, detract from the deep appreciation which we have for this report.
As for the scope of codecision, there is some openness towards extending this procedure to all legislative acts adopted by qualified majority without, however, establishing any kind of systematic correlation.
Instead, however, of awakening hope and enthusiasm, present developments appear, rather, to be giving rise to anxiety among governments.
This must, however, go hand in hand with sound scrutiny by the national parliaments of their "own" ministers in the Council.
It is worth noting, however, that we have heard this argument since discussions about Directive 90/220/EEC first started in 1989.
Where most of the points are concerned, I have been able to agree with the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy. Where other points are concerned, however, other measures can justifiably be demanded.
I do not, however, believe that investigations of that kind can be carried out annually. The EU ought not, therefore, to become inundated with reports on the matter.
It is a good thing that a system for the identification of bovine animals and the It is right that this should enter into force as soon as possible but not, however, before September given the codecision procedure which is being used.
Nobody wants to eliminate the States: however, all these different national situations in the different States, which have reached the point where they are incapable of overcoming the challenges of the world today, must be adapted and tuned to something greater.
These sacrifices, however, are small, given the historic opportunity of unifying the East and the West in a secure Europe characterised by peace.
We do not, however, want to see European cooperation cease or degenerate into bickering, which would be a risk if 30 countries could constantly use their vetoes.
I must clarify, however, that the Council considers that, without Serbia, our common efforts will be incomplete.
Here, however, we must pay attention to certain issues.
The initiative is also, of course, about getting women to stand at elections at local, regional and national levels. If, however, the initiative is to succeed, these women also need to receive money for the projects concerned.
The truth, however, is that contrary to what some people are claiming even in Greece, the Helsinki decisions on Turkey have emboldened the Turkish regime.
Already, however, we have reached an impasse, and not just in Turkey.
Mr President, if a mark between 1 and 10 were now to be given for success in pursuing the two objectives of the action programme, namely that Kosovo should be multi-ethnic and that it should remain a part of Yugoslavia, I believe that the President-in-Office of the Council and I can probably agree that the mark concerned would be fairly low. We agree, however, that this is the result of a policy which has been pursued up until now, that is to say a result of what has happened.
I would point out, however, that the practical result is that today, with a few exceptions and despite everything, this situation is under control in terms of security.
Local businesses in Kosovo now, however, have one substantial problem: a dearth of qualified and linguistically competent labour, as all those who can speak English, or nearly all, were recruited for reconstruction projects in Kosovo, and local businesses cannot compete with the high salaries being paid.
It was discussed, however, particularly in terms of possibly being added to the existing Community mechanisms, which include the Information Society Project Office. This has been producing a range of initiatives during the Portuguese presidency.
I would, however, like a brief answer that is clearer and more precise.
Existing legislation, however, prohibits or hinders this type of cash management technique.
The real introduction of the euro in 2002, however, will result in transparency and competition, which will force the national markets to adapt more quickly than they had anticipated.
How matters will turn out, however, we do not know.
It has been radically changed, however, by the adoption of amendments unreservedly supporting the mechanisms of capitalisation.
Those who are employed know full well, however, that a pension is theirs by right.
The Commission should ensure, however, if different systems continue to coexist in future too, that this does not have any adverse effects on workers exercising their right to mobility within the Union.
This would, however, mean that Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel would have to stay even longer at this meeting.
What the Commission does intend to do, however, is to add substance to the decisions taken by the European Council at Lisbon, namely to free up the markets for gas, electricity, transport and postal services a lot faster.
It is common knowledge, or should be common knowledge, that there are occasions when administrations may record, as due, amounts which they will never collect, however many analyses of collectability are made, and this therefore leads to what is tantamount to a concealed falsification of the public deficit.
What is even more serious however is that not even the United States like it.
It is not right, however, that the EU and businesses operating within its territory should suffer annual losses of around EUR 400 million because of trade sanctions by the USA and Ecuador, which are a result of our violating the GATT agreement with regard to banana imports.
Our Group supports this compromise amendment with, however, the exception of one word: "plus" - "plus proportionnelle".
Each particular instance of a transition to qualified majority voting must, however, be analysed and debated thoroughly and a balance struck between what is fundamental as far as the individual Member States are concerned and the need to make cooperation work.
At the same time, however, hopes were raised that there would be an acceleration in the processes of democratisation, respect for human rights without discrimination on the grounds of gender, religion or nationality and stronger dialogue with the European Union.
Having said this, we also want this dialogue to have an objective basis, as have the declarations of the new President, Chen Shui-bian, to which, however, the People' s Republic of China has replied with a renewed display of nervousness, arrogance and a disrespect for democracy.
Behind the producer countries the European Union is claiming to protect, however, there are some large families of wealthy French-Creoles and, indeed, powerful English and French groups.
I am convinced that the future of pensioners can only lie in supplementary pensions. These pensions should, however, be optional and replace compulsory State pensions, which are a veritable sieve and lose water from all sides.
Cutting the subsidy, however, would make my community even poorer, a community whose farmers have lost 80% of their income in 2½ years.
We should, however, bring this to a close very shortly.
I would, however, like the Commission' s guarantee that distortion of competition is ruled out.
This solution, however, is not sufficient, since aircraft are produced on a global market.
I would like to point out, however, that the voting will be by roll-call.
This must not, however, stop Europe pursuing the coordinated management of forestry issues.
As we can see, however, when we take a decision here on an issue related to storms, disasters or Europe' s interests, that is, serious matters, they are no longer present.
There is, however, a meeting of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market being held on that day.
A question remains, however, in relation to redeployment in Category 4.
I would therefore be very happy if we really could allay the concerns of farmers; at the moment, however, that does not seem to be the case!
In 1999, however, the Commission felt that it should put a stop to this programme.
Some successes have been achieved, especially in relation to the agreement with Switzerland; in other areas, however, we have been less successful.
There are, however, difficult choices to be made in order to avoid the huge pollution-related problems currently in the news in Austria, as well as in Italy and Germany.
Unfortunately, however, there is still a very long way to go as regards its implementation.
The trans-European networks policy is not, however, being implemented in such a way as to resolve this crucial issue, despite the fact that it was introduced with the specific aim of establishing direct links between remote countries and the Union' s central regions.
We cannot, however, accept the method that has been imposed or the solutions that have been proposed.
The most negative aspect, however, seems to be the financing.
Mr President, we support the development of a trans-European transport network which will favour rail transport over road transport, on the condition, however, that the development of the great trans-European lines does not prejudice suburban transport or so-called district lines.
One should not, however, be afraid of something good.
I am more doubtful, however, where a number of the other projects are concerned.
This must, however, be based on the certainty that the project can be carried out in a way which will not damage our credibility.
Mr Sterckx also made it clear, however, that liberalisation concerns only a very small area of European air transport, which can largely be regarded as successful, but there are many other areas that currently continue to give us problems, whether these are old, unresolved problems or new ones.
In the remote areas of the European Union, however, it seems as if time has stood still there.
It is also proposed to end state aid to airlines. This, however, will prove disastrous for air connections to and from disadvantaged areas.
I do not believe, however, that the Commission, or indeed other institutions, should have to rely on individual motivation by officials or by Commissioners and on rather ad hoc means of applying principles, which are, to say the least, rather generalised.
That does not mean, however, that we do not still see much room for improvement, as other speakers have pointed out as well, and some of our wishes have not been fulfilled.
One cause for concern in this respect, however, is that this principle will only apply to trade between businesses for the time being.
Hopefully, however, it will not have an effect on the matter in hand.
It is not food aid that has ruined agricultural production in many African countries, however. It is the iron grip of huge European and American industrial or agricultural concerns, which have imposed the cultivation of hevea, coffee, groundnut, cotton and even out-of-season fruit and vegetables for the European market, at the expense of their own food crops.
In the case of the Food Aid Convention, however, the Committee on Food Aid decided to renegotiate the agreement and in particular to take on board the recommendations of the Singapore Conference.
There is, however, more to it than that, as evidenced by the opinions of the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Budgetary Control.
The role of the national Member States, however, is at least as important.
It was replaced by educational credits, which were, however, tied to residence in Switzerland.
There is, however, a ceiling to this provision of loans, which has been determined in interinstitutional agreements.
These achievements, however, cannot begin to conceal Moldova' s extremely difficult transformation process from ex-Soviet Republic to democratic constitutional state based on a social market economy.
Naturally the point we would wish to make in conclusion, however, is that in protection of the consumer, the provision of information must involve consumer organisations within the Member States themselves.
While the Fourtou report does not appear to play down the significance of the damage, it does, however, appear to disregard the urgency requiring that an appropriate policy is implemented straight away.
If it is appropriate to use any more sophisticated technology that might make counterfeiting and piracy more expensive and more difficult to engage in, then the fight we undertake should not neglect to use radical means, applicable immediately. Failing to do so would mean that our policies, however well intentioned, will be forever missing the boat.
In addition to all the necessary schemes intended to combat the sale of these fraudulent goods, however, it is essential to cut off the supply of these goods pouring into the single market, flouting all the principles which are supposed to regulate its operation.
In a referendum held in 1992, however, the people of Switzerland voted against this agreement, thus making it impossible for Switzerland to participate in the agreement on the EEA and with the result that Switzerland' s application for European Union membership, submitted in May 1992, was put on hold.
I should, however, like to add a few minor points.
When we discuss this issue, it would, however, be preferable for Members to refrain, when considering the action to be taken, from laying themselves open to misrepresentative publicity regarding the nature of Parliament' s function.
At this stage I should like to state clearly once again that however important the EU's commitment to the Balkans is, the agriculture budget does not constitute an inexhaustible supply of funds which we can use to finance all our other desirable policies.
There is nothing to say, however, that things will remain the same forever.
Potentially, however, there is another very large gap.
What I do not find satisfactory in this process, however, is the fact that we always speak first of reducing expenditure and revenue while at the same time transferring ever more tasks to the Commission, which, of course, does not reduce costs either.
Once it has expired however, that is, from 31 July, what are we going to do, until the new reforms are approved, about the aid for table grape processing?
We should like to take this opportunity, however, to note that first: producer prices and subsidies have been frozen for numerous agricultural products for twelve consecutive years, as is the case with sheepmeat and goatmeat, whereas for other products they have been falling due to the constant increase in production costs, thereby reducing net agricultural incomes, as the Eurostat figures also show.
At the moment, however, we are, of course, still in the discussion phase; the actual budget debate on the 2001 budget is yet to take place.
As far as cereals are concerned, however, the differences are considerable.
Lastly, I think it is essential that the Commission' s proposals are not accepted; however, in any event, the inclusion in the regulations on herbaceous crops would lead to unfair situations as a result of the use of yields conditioned by drought.
An increase in support should, however, be accompanied by the following three control measures.
There is one aspect, however, not covered by the regulation, which works out quite well for Commissioner Fischler, namely that it will not cost him a penny.
I cannot, however, live with the recommendation from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
In place of the reform proposed by the Commission at that time, however, the Council simply stepped up controls.
In Amendment No 4, however, fears about the rules on land eligibility are expressed which were addressed in particular by Messrs Adam and Wyn.
There could be room for a certain amount of flexibility, however, where it is a question of achieving high control levels.
First of all, however, and before looking back, I wish to take a look into the future.
Delays of this kind, which might perhaps be explained by the trade agreement being negotiated in parallel, never fail, however, to amaze me.
The full significance of this report is, however, only appreciated when it is seen in the context of the other efforts being made to intensify cooperation with South Africa, first and foremost the trade agreement already mentioned.
This does not, however, relieve the European Union of its task of monitoring all projects well, down to the tiniest, and to evaluate them at regular intervals.
I did wonder, however, why it only mentions the European Union' s development instrument in passing.
I have, however, received information to the effect that the South Africans are still raising problems with regard to a draft which faithfully reflects the Berlin Agreement.
What I do object to, however, is running ahead of the report and I am also opposed to it because I am sure that in September, it will transpire that we will need to prioritise various issues.
The EU budget, however, is largely administered within the Member States, and this is where huge potential for fraud exists.
One aspect, however, could be improved on, namely the Supervisory Committee, as Mr Bösch calls it in his report.
We are quite clear about the fact that these provisions are aimed especially at the new Member States whose legal arrangements differ from those of the EU countries. We think, however, that this ought to be an incentive to engage in negotiations designed to promote cooperation between the legal systems.
I cannot, however, vote in favour of setting up a European Public Prosecutor' s office.
I can well understand people' s being tired of all the fraud and therefore demanding that we have a common public prosecutor' s office. It would, however, be a colossal enterprise to set up when the problems are, in reality, elsewhere.
The services have, however, said that we have a tightly-packed voting programme tomorrow, so that it would perhaps make sense to vote today.
The only reason why we are not voting against the amendments, however, is to affirm our conviction that cooperation between Europe and the whole of Africa is essential.
Mr Kinnock' s reform plan is, on the whole, both visionary and realistic. There are, however, a few sticking points.
I did not vote, however, because of the establishment of a new control body.
We have been well aware of this problem for many years now. Unfortunately, however, we have still not managed to eradicate the disease, nor have we managed to identify all the causes for it, hence all the concerns, restrictions and irregularities in the production and marketing of products of animal origin.
I want to say something, however, coming from the Member State which first suffered the full rigours of BSE and which has also, as a result of that, been in the vanguard of cleaning up this problem.
Life is not, however, complete, as it were, but is evolving all the time.
Allow me, however, to say something which is extremely important. We must never suffer for having looked to short-term economic gains at the risk of long-term security.
They are, however, discussed only on rare occasions and in little detail by the European institutions, including Parliament.
I should, however, like to draw your attention to a number of specific points and, firstly, the existence of a third transmission route which is now practically certain.
The Commission will, however, be monitoring the situation closely both through the recently agreed measures on random testing for BSE and in the forthcoming proposal on animal waste.
Let me add, however, in passing, that we will keep under constant review the scope for increased testing of animals for BSE.
It is, however, the best that we could achieve if we were to end once and for all the Council's delaying tactics.
This is, however, an infinitely more wide-ranging issue, of course.
This delay in transposing into law has not, however, hindered the development of interoperable cross-border lines, although Thalys is the only example of true interoperability, more so than even Eurostar, despite its attempts to solve the gauge problem.
More than that, however, in anticipation of tangible results in future, the directive on the interoperability of high-speed routes has primarily made it possible to define and iron out working methods.
Meanwhile, railways are, however, in the process of being re-discovered.
In my opinion, however, if we harmonise trans-European rail systems, we should also do the same for national rail systems.
In order to reach that point, however, the railways must be able to compete on the same conditions as other forms of transport.
There are, however, several activities at Community level where harmonisation would be both beneficial and possible.
The Commission, however, has avoided specifying the ratio of investment to GDP.
At the same time, however, it approves of the restructuring of government spending in favour of investment which must be justified - when it is justified - by the cost-benefit ratio, but rejects using public investments simply to manage the economy.
This is ad hoc cooperation, however, not cooperation reflected in an interinstitutional agreement, and we consider this a shortcoming in our procedure.
There is not a word, however, on the current depreciation of the euro and its influence on the economy and economic policies.
The weak euro favours exports, as is often boasted. It also, however, presents serious disadvantages which are concealed, such as the misappropriation of capital, third party buyouts of euro zone businesses or weakening of the incentive for structural reforms, even though these are so necessary.
It is now quite certain, however, that this state of affairs will always be best for all countries at all times.
We should, however, qualify one key point concerning a matter of principle.
Greater coordination and greater definition of global policies does not exclude, however, the existence of an additional margin for action on the part of the Member States.
With their sheep-like behaviour, however, the markets will ultimately come to realise, Mr President, that, in the medium term, the euro will be a more secure currency than the dollar.
The world has many examples of where such a slippery slope can lead; however, there are relatively few examples of a country which has found the strength not only to stop but to reverse the decline and manage to satisfy the extremely stringent stability criteria of today' s world.
I cannot deprive you of your freedom of speech, however, but I do appeal to your sense of responsibility.
For some States, however, this sort of nine-year period will not be sufficient to carry out the necessary adjustments.
Ambiguities and inadequacies are, however, just as evident in the proposal before us.
It still does not, however, settle the matter of long-distance road haulage workers and puts forward a frankly ridiculous timescale for implementing the directive with regard to junior doctors!
Let us not, however, treat them like a universal panacea.
It would, however, be unfair to say that no progress has been made.
At the moment, however, this sends out the wrong psychological message to the markets and citizens who, to use an appropriate metaphor, look upon the euro descending Mount Olympus with sadness in their eyes.
These countries, however, are making a mess of their own responsibilities vis-à-vis the currency and vis-à-vis the European citizen, let alone their own citizens.
It is amazing, however, that more is not being done by Europe to reverse this trend.
The Treaty does not, however, prohibit the existence of public undertakings providing services in the public interest.
The Member States should not, however, themselves decide what kinds of aid they will be granting these undertakings.
This step is, however, a matter of simple common sense, and one is tempted to ask the Council whether they intend one day to refer the matter to their common sense.
Experiences with the HIPC initiative dating back to 1996, however, have shown that debt reduction has not always had an altogether positive effect on the development of the poor.
These minor observations, however, do not detract from the fact that concessions made must be met and new initiatives have to be launched.
This issue must, however, be considered calmly and carefully, without any histrionics, given the serious situation that the populations of the highly indebted countries find themselves in.
We do not, however, know today what measures have been taken by successive Councils in order to attempt to establish relations between both these countries, given that today Turkey is still imposing an economic blockade on Armenia.
I would, however, like to mention an issue that is often overlooked.
It does not, however, empower any of the institutions to enter into expenditure commitments to support European political parties, nor does it provide for a procedure for approving any measure to facilitate the giving of such an expenditure commitment.
This Charter is, however, a broad policy document and is generically aimed at all small- and medium-sized enterprises. It is not a document that lists measures to be adopted in each sector and assigns priorities to them.
Subject: Decision-making powers of the Euro 11 The media quite frequently make reference to the 'Euro 11' as if it were a formal decision-making body within the EU's institutional structure. Infeuro No 13, however, defines the Euro 11 as follows: 'This is not a Council in any legal sense but an informal gathering of the Economic Affairs and Finance Ministers of the 11 Member States participating in the euro area ...
I do not think, however, that the position of the other countries is any more restricted in Ecofin than it was at the beginning.
This has not happened, however, and instead services have become diversified and prices have fallen.
In some countries, however, implementation has been slow and even formal.
I agree with her, however, that it is not enough to justify spending public money on the ground that somebody suffers from acute curiosity.
In research, however, objectives for activities should not be defined at too detailed a level.
There is, however, no prioritisation in the proposals, and this is something I would like to suggest.
In Europe, however, as many people have said, the position of research looks worrying if one looks at the figures.
It must be noted, however, that new initiatives need to be adopted in order to decompartmentalise Member States' national systems which today represent nothing more than a duplication of efforts.
I do, however, wish to express my heartfelt thanks for the interest you have shown in this debate.
I should like, however, to point out a number of things.
In the ruins of the Berlin Wall, however, traces of new divisions are appearing in Europe.
We do not, however, want this issue to be used against us for political purposes.
We must make it clear, however, that if there is to be a vote in the part-session on this matter, i.e. on whether the mandate of Mr Le Pen should be terminated, the majority of the French delegation in our Group will vote in favour of this termination.
I completely agree with Mr Poettering that the law must be respected: French law is what it is, however, whether you agree with it or not.
There are, however, two points which may seem commendable, but to which we are unfortunately unable to subscribe.
We do find it important, however, that it should be possible to grant residence permits on humanitarian grounds.
You did not say that this was to be the case, however, and I should therefore like to have it confirmed.
- (NL) I am 100% behind the proposal to in fact allocate 35 vacant posts, funded from the enlargement reserve, to the language sector, provided, however, that all languages of the candidate countries are represented.
The French delegation of the Union for a Europe of Nations Group cannot, however, accept the idea of entering appropriations intended for European political parties on a separate budget line. We have absolutely no doubt that this would eventually favour the alliances, associations and groupings of European political parties with an essentially federalist and integrationist aim.
The problem, however, is how we got here and what happens next.
We do not accept, however, that the imposition of legal quotas is the way to achieve equality of treatment.
I am pleased, however, that we managed to stop them in their tracks.
I would like to point out, however, that women, in particular, are being disproportionately affected by discrimination and, among women as a group, it is especially women and girls who are often doubly discriminated against on the basis of their race and ethnic origin.
More than anything, however, an embargo should be imposed on diamonds smuggled illegally from the country, estimated at USD 60 million annually, which is what is at stake for the rebels in their warfare.
It does mean, however, that, if this situation continues, we will need to discuss the situation in Burma in our contacts with ASEAN.
I do not believe, however, that the motion before us deals with the problem correctly.
I must also point out, however, that, for two years now, in both the Netherlands and Belgium, the sporting, political and police authorities have been preparing in a professional manner for Euro 2000 and, in practical terms, huge investments have been made.
The Liberals, however, refuse to play this game.
In the United States and Russia, slavery was abolished in the 1860s. It has to be said, however, that the incidence of slavery is increasing, despite the fact that we have now entered the twenty-first century.
This element must, however, be seen as a crucial complement to the first set of initiatives.
The Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights totally rejects this Finnish initiative however, and, in so doing, shows a tendency to exaggerate.
In view of the developing populations, however, it must be amended time and time again in accordance with the requirements at a particular moment in time.
The Council Regulation of 1991 enabling the Commission to adopt an insurance block exemption regulation also authorised the inclusion of two further areas which the Commission, however, decided not to include in its regulation for lack of experience in those areas, namely agreements on claims settlement and agreements on registers of aggravated risk.
It does not, however, contain precise proposals for the future regulation.
Later on, however, it was announced that the Members could sign the attendance register between 3 p.m. and 10 p.m.
It is, however, true, as you yourself indeed pointed out, that it is not particularly clear how Rule 150(3) of the Rules of Procedure applies in this case.
As long as these rules exist, however, they must apply equally to everyone.
I, however, do not share this doubt at all.
It is, however, naive to assume that we will manage to banish smoking altogether.
People should, however, be able to gain easy and free access to product information.
All these provisions, however, still fall short of what is necessary in the way of consumer information, and too often the determination to reach a compromise has prevailed.
This measure is presented from a moral standpoint, which, however, does not prevent tobacco industries from moving outside the European Union and exporting their products throughout the world from third countries.
This, however, is the start of the sideslip into lack of realism, self-righteousness and fundamentalism.
This is clearly not, however, a sensible measure.
Now, however, we have to turn that culture on its head.
Of course, we must also stress the freedom of each one of us, of all citizens, to choose, and in this case I hope that we will choose the freedom not to smoke, freedom which, however, does not hide the harmful results and dangers of smoking itself.
I do, however, have two further remarks to make.
A sound approach, however, would be to make the European standard compulsory in the case of export to countries where such standards are lacking.
The problems will not, however, be solved by adopting puritanical positions and eliminating aid to producers.
It cannot, however, accept Amendments Nos 9, 17, 20, 21, 34, 36, 37, 40, 42 or 46.
The proposed budget of EUR 7 million is, in our opinion, however, much too little to fulfil these objectives properly.
According to the European Environment Agency report, however, the lasting effects of these products, given their long life cycles, means that the ozone layer will not fully recover until the year 2050.
Tomorrow, distribution by cable may, however, gain ground.
This does mean, however, that the user should grant permission to set this up.
Regional differences are still too great, however, for us to be able to speak of a free telecommunications market.
We cannot, however, simply concentrate on wireless communications.
It remains to be seen, however, what sort of a society we are dealing with.
These programmes must not, however, be just a salve for the existing infrastructures, specifically the ones we are currently setting in place.
Is it, however, possible that the matter has become urgent today?
This sector, however, not only needs regulation at European level, above all it needs regulation on a global scale.
As for the means of achieving it, however, this is a very different matter and, personally speaking, I refuse to validate the rapporteur' s excessively liberal alternatives which go beyond the text presented by the Commission, which, however, is intended to promote the competitive European single market.
Where I differ with the rapporteur, however, is with his concerns on spectrum auctions.
It will be important in applying common competition legislation, however, that the legal provisions relating to a dominant market position are interpreted in a way that does not discriminate against operators in smaller markets.
As spectrum distribution will be the responsibility of Member States, however, we in Parliament have to accept that competition strategies in the different countries will vary.
I support the 'soft law' approach in the creation of the new operational environment, in a way, however, that the legislator is given ample opportunity to make his or her position known to the Commission and the Council, before recommendations are made concerning the matter or other decisions taken revising the operational environment.
It is high time, however, that we put this fine European idea into practice.
In some cases, however - e.g. Renault's actions in Belgium and, most recently, the conduct of ABB Alstoms Powers - it is clear that restructuring takes place with no regard for workers' fundamental right to influence decisions.
I should like to underline, however, that although this is an issue about the spirits industry in the Community as a whole, the fact is, as we all know, that by far the major exporter is the Scotch whisky industry.
The only problem they have, however, is not financing and its rechannelling, but the fact that national authorities as well need to be altogether more active in the implementation of the eEurope initiative.
For the moment, however, we have not yet decided on this together with the Member States because we are still a very long way off and there are still preliminary matters to be resolved.
We should also be concerned, however, at the conditions in which this initiative is being undertaken, very late in the day, on the basis of partial information and in the utmost confusion regarding the funding of this action programme, despite its urgent and important nature.
The time has now come, however, to decommission the installations in this sector.
This, however, must be done in a controlled way.
The methodology, however, is quite inadequate and can only be very temporary.
The European Commission communication, however, shows that this does not go much beyond managing old nuclear plants and storing radioactive waste.
I would, however, like to make one comment regarding the report.
Let me remind you, however, that this is a draft audit report which has not been subject to examination by both parties.
As the Committee on Budgets pointed out, however, this is not really an appropriate solution, and I am willing to acknowledge this, for a long-term programme.
Above all, however, it is illegal sales of spirits, beer and wine which have increased at the expense of Swedish jobs, tax revenue and supervision.
The Swedish Social Democratic Government' s bargaining on this issue shows, however, that there has been no concern about, or belief in, people. Instead, it is only the tax base to which close attention has been given.
What the Commission can do, however, is to ensure that the minimum tariff, which is the only rule which pertains to the whole of the European Union, is maintained.
As a counterbalance to the opening up to EU imports, Finland, however, is asking for the right to reduce quotas on beer imported from non-member countries.
Opening up the market in respect of non-member countries more rapidly than scheduled, however, will increase pressure to lower taxes, and the faster taxation reaches a European average, the healthier the situation in the internal market will be.
As Commissioner Bolkestein noted earlier, it is, however, in spite of everything, an important principle that this type of tax is an issue for individual nation States and not a subject for formal harmonisation in the context of the internal market.
As representative of the ELDR Group, I wish to defend the abolition of competition distortion as well as the principle of free trade, which, however, must benefit the public.
I would approach the problem, however, from the angle of the principle of subsidiarity.
In asking for extra time for harmonising exports from non-member countries, however, Finland has been keen to ensure that imports from the Internal Market, considered a priority, are harmonised in a controlled way.
It is an important proposal and we each have an opinion on it; however, I think that, if we are to hold a proper debate on this important issue, we should have received the amendments in time.
Would we obtain better solutions, however, if decision-making were, in every conceivable case, to be centralised in Brussels?
It is quite right that the State should support parliamentary work and provide citizens with information. It must not, however, be a propaganda machine for the view of the majority.
We must guarantee that Europe has the authority to act in the area of foreign, security and defence policy, the authority which allows us to safeguard our interests jointly; however, at the same time, we must make it clear that this is not an alternative to the transatlantic alliance.
A final answer on the budgetary impact of this policy may only be given, however, after the Commitment Capability Conference to be held in the autumn. This will analyse the national military contributions to this joint effort and the shortfalls which it may be considered necessary to meet.
The organisation of this kind of intervention capability must not, however, be designed in ideological terms, as a factor to make political integration binding.
At the same time, we must, however, oppose those who wish to exaggerate our military capacity and role.
I think it is important that the EU should concentrate on what it is good at, namely engaging in trade, developing contacts and taking measures to prevent conflicts. It is also important, however, to create credibility through 'more muscle' and increased ability to intervene in time.
As it happens, however, I do not think that this would in any way justify postponing the vote.
To whittle away, however, at the provisions of the Treaty and the annexed acts is a method that is not worthy of the parliamentary institution.
On the other hand, however, let us be careful not to destabilise too suddenly, without allowing time to convert, a farming sector that involves 135 000 producers and employs 400 000 seasonal workers, in often very vulnerable agricultural regions.
Mr President, I am not now asking for an extra minute in the name of equality, however; I shall try to keep to two minutes.
What can, however, be expected of the Council and Commission, is that they put their money where their mouths are in their respective Chambers.
It is the country with the greatest growth and with the greatest advances in terms of social modernisation, particularly in terms of education and the status of women; however it is the country in which the emergence of a civil society, which is born of this economic and social growth, does not have adequate means to express itself in complete freedom.
The Tunisian government can also, however, choose the path of dialogue with civil society, in order to decrease tensions and to negotiate a way of pulling Tunisia out of this impasse and to lead it towards democracy.
The agreement will, however, in principle, be submitted for consultation, so the European Parliament will have ample opportunity to express its views on the agreement.
At this stage I should like to add, however, that on 19 May we only concluded - a point made by the presidency - our bilateral agreement with China on her terms of accession to the WTO.
Parliament did, however, give the Sakharov Prize to Wei Jingsheng, who has a quite different view of this issue.
It is not, however, my fault, Commissioner, if there is a wishy-washy consensus in this Parliament.
On the other hand, however, he raises the question of compliance with the law.
In this particular case we believe that the Agreement has its own negotiating context and it would not be right, after the Agreement has been approved by the European Union and agreed by the Council, to make its final signing dependent on the resolution of an issue, however important this may be, which is only one part of the whole picture.
The question, however, is that of whether any individual questions in the informal Euro-11 discussions can be pointed to which have subsequently led to formal decisions in ECOFIN.
It is clear that the implementation of actions, particularly humanitarian ones, does not require legitimisation by the UN Security Council. This does not mean, however, that the principles of the UN Charter do not have to be respected when carrying out this type of task.
We must realise, however, that this issue is still subject to subsidiarity in that the decisions are taken by each Member State, even though the code of conduct forms the backdrop and reference for these decisions.
They had, however, overlooked the fact that the crippling policy of decision-making on the basis of unanimity still applied.
It is regrettable, however, that the unanimity rule currently applies.
It is disturbing, however, that the measures concerned with aid to crime victims are not intended to come into effect until 2004 in this scoreboard.
Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder announced that their countries are prepared for deeper integration as a core group, failing, however, to illustrate its nature or extent.
This measure, however, will help allow small businesses to fight back.
This must apply, however, to the whole of the EU, including those areas far from the EU' s geographic centre.
I would, however, point out that it is possible to prove the effectiveness of the Structural Funds, since divergences between States have been reduced.
I would also like to say, however, that we naturally expect the "opposition press" , or what remains of it, to denounce the current irregularities in political leadership in the city of Belgrade, for example, which is governed by the MRS, just as much as it justifiably criticises the Milosevic regime.
We are prepared to put our names to the joint resolution of the other groups, provided, however, that two points are introduced.
By protesting at this dictatorship, however, we are looking to denounce the support that it has been given by the French Government, just as many other dictatorships do and have done in the past, in the former colonial empire representing French imperialism in Africa.
Practice in granting asylum varies from one EU country to another. In general, however, policy on refugees has been tightened up throughout Europe in recent years.
I do, however, wonder whether the proposed measures are the most effective.
In industry, one can modernise plants and improve productivity, but in the case of certain crops, however much investment is made, however many changes are made in terms of marketing, we cannot alter the fact that certain areas are arid or semi-arid.
There are, however, no attendance allowances for working at home.
Instead of solutions being sought, however, the mandate of the originally neutral information-gathering centre is now to be extended to cover criminal prosecution.
The EU should, however, impose conditions for the aid it gives.
In order to be able to carry out a credible assessment and produce reliable statistics, we must however have a strategy concerning what information the Member States are to send in to the Centre.
This ought not, however, to stop us trying to devise common assignments and strategies for preventive work, which is perhaps the most important foundation stone in the fight against drugs.
Bearing in mind the approach that has been adopted, however, which centres above all on defending the working methods of the Committee on Petitions, I do not wish to support Amendment No 2.
Firstly, everyone is aware how hard I have fought to establish genuine administrative law in this area, however, the report centres on a different issue.
We feel, however, that the legal problem is not that simple, and that inflicting such penalties on Member States is excessive.
I should stress, however, that the intention is to ask the Commission to intensify its relations with national administrations when there is a problem, in order that it can be resolved beforehand.
I think this accusation is completely uncalled for, however much I, along with certain others, would have been only too pleased to see Italy win.
It is too early to judge President Putin's economic programme; however, our basic message is that a sound programme will be vital to boost investor confidence.
This basis of a resolution, however, is a sign of weakness: weakness, essentially, on the part of the Fourteen countries that have taken a political initiative and do not know how to get out of it.
As far as the results of the Feira summit are concerned, however, we are rather more sceptical.
In stark contrast to these competing visions, however, is the way in which preparations for the Intergovernmental Conference are shaping up.
The image people have of the Portuguese Presidency will not, however, be determined by whether or not routine tasks have been completed, but by two events: firstly, by the fact that as President-in-Office of the Council you have had a hand in imposing the sanctions on Austria, and secondly, by the complete lack of progress in the Intergovernmental Conference.
On that, I have this comment to make: I think that it is important for the future of the European Union that we debate the problems and I think it is right to protect it from the risk of being brought to a standstill by the current veto. I also think, however, that the institutional unity of the European Union needs to be protected.
Europe does, however, need more effective coordination of national economic policies, given also that we now have an independent single monetary policy.
What lies behind the incident at Dover, however, is that we have to recognise the inability that Europe has shown to date to fully understand the phenomenon of an ageing population. What this means is that Europe must have its own immigration policy and also the ability to work together on this immigration policy with the home countries of those who wish to come and work in Europe.
The Presidency sought to do this because it was convinced that the government of a sovereign State such as mine has the right to hold a particular opinion regarding the government of another sovereign State, and I do not relinquish this right because I am a representative of a sovereign State. The workings of the Union are another matter, however, and I feel that, as far as the European Union is concerned, it is our duty to fully ensure that the Union functions as it should.
This should not, however, prevent us from continuing to seek to cooperate with the Council on this issue because the Tampere summit made the fight against money laundering its very top priority, and rightly so.
We must, however, prevent possible new loopholes from opening up.
It takes the view, however, that the appropriate place for such clarification is not in an article of the regulation, and it is prepared to draft a new recital based on the gist of these amendments.
I can inform you that, when we receive visitors in Brussels at the moment, they are admitted and then required to identify themselves. Subsequently, however, their identity cards are collected at reception.
Mr President, the Union for a Europe of Nations Group is unable to recommend giving discharge for the 1998 accounts concerning either the Union' s general budget or Parliament' s budget. We are, however, able to give discharge for the European Development Fund.
One thing is clear, however, and I stressed this in Berlin: all further progress of the European Union is conditional upon the success of the institutional reform.
Coordinating our monetary policies, however, must necessarily be accompanied by serious social ambitions and improved coordination of our economic policies.
It also has dangers, however, in three areas in particular.
Let us not go back over the past, or over a few examples that would make easy targets. In order for the principle of subsidiarity to be properly applied, however, we need standard rules.
I observe, however, that it was the governments that asked the Commission to take this decision in the first place.
I was, however, hoping for a clearer commitment regarding the fundamental rights included in the Union' s agenda, for two reasons.
In his speech, however, the President did not cite the examination of this charter as one of the main points of the European Council in Biarritz.
They are, however, merely plans at this stage.
It must, however, be noted that the fate of the fifty million poor people or the fifteen million unemployed people in Europe remains the same, whatever the presidency.
The demonstrations in Seattle, Geneva and Millau, however, show that another sort of Europe, another sort of globalisation, is possible.
I shall use my speaking time, however, to remind you that this Parliament asked the IGC to grant Parliament the right finally to decide on its own location.
There is no hard core. What is a fact, however, is that certain areas, or certain States, sometimes create delays, which are sometimes temporary.
At the same time, however, the French Presidency considers all these things to be connected.
The events of Zimbabwe compel us, however, to consider the relationship between democracy and values, and this may be the right forum for that, as we refer to the EU as a society of values.
That is not all, however. Behind the smugglers, we are beginning to see mafias operating to an ever-greater extent.
What we must understand above all, however, is that, in the medium term, it is by producing a proactive immigration policy at European level, backed by clear criteria, which are shared by all Member States, that we will guarantee victory in this battle.
This crime, however, is a daily occurrence at European Union borders.
Minister, the French Presidency may be content to make the point at the next summit, without any real desire to study the Commission' s report or to tell us whether the Commission is fulfilling its contract with regard to Eurodac. If, however, the French Presidency is not able to establish a concrete schedule for legislative procedures to be implemented at European level and to be transposed to Member State level, we will once again face failure, which will lead to another debate like today' s, following further deaths.
What I do see, however, is that the OSCE, the IOM, the Council of Europe, the Commission and Parliament are all coming up with sound proposals.
That may sound very sensible. The problem, however, is that, in doing so, there is a loss of the inspection and the control that of course exists in the case of budget items in the Commission' s budget.
I therefore agree with what is stated in Mrs Haug' s report, namely that we must insist that these appropriations for Special Envoys remain on the Commission' s budget, for we in that way ensure continued parliamentary inspection and control and ensure that Parliament continues, for example, to be listened to and kept informed. In the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have been sufficiently constructive, however, as to think also about how a medium-term solution might possibly be found in a situation where negotiations with the Council were taking place.
The Council has, however, signalled that it will not adopt any amendment to the financial perspectives - not even between categories.
At the meeting, however, no further details were given as to how flexibility can apply also to the second pillar, that is to say, to a common foreign and security policy.
Thank you for your reply; however, I have the following comments to make: I was debating the Budget 2001 in Parliament before you and the problem again arose of where to find the money to finance the Stability Pact.
I have listened to the President-in-office's formal reply; however, we all know full well that the situation in Iraq is connected with the arbitrary policy imposed by the United States.
This demonstrates to what extent we are committed to this matter, however our only weapon is our ability to urge them to cooperate.
I do not agree, however, with preaching to Member States and telling them what they should be doing.
Their future lies largely in their own hands, however, it is also our job to give them every opportunity to achieve their aims.
I share some of Mr Watts' concern, however, about Amendment No 1 in relation to the licensing of railway undertakings and the proposed deletion of the replacement Article 12.
In order to do so, however, I would have to see guarantees on certain fundamental issues, which are the criteria for the quality and efficiency of the enormously important political and economic measure that should result from these directives.
Many other people, however, have travelled, have acquired academic qualifications, have trained professionally and have still not had their qualifications recognised and therefore have no rights.
I should like to point out that in the morning the President of the French Republic, Mr Chirac, gave the impression, by appearing here in person and from what he said in his speech, that under the French presidency there would be closer, more systematic cooperation between the European Parliament and the presidency; however, in the afternoon, the first minister of the presidency to appear and work with us, the former MEP Mr Moscovici, did exactly the opposite.
I should like, however, to sound a note of caution.
The report, however, does not examine the markets' lack of confidence in the euro and the huge capital outflows from Europe over the past year.
The governments themselves really must do some advance work, however, and demonstrate greater commitment.
The third country that remains outside EMU, Sweden, has, however, decided to take part in the campaign, despite the fact that it will take place before the referendum and before it is decided whether Sweden will introduce the euro.
If these campaigns are to deliver the desired results, however, it is vital for the various actions to be coordinated.
Unfortunately, however, Madam President, the Council has not approved of the process whereby these relations have come closer.
This is why, unable as I am to accept either the status quo or the forward march of liberalisation, however progressive and well-planned, I have voted against the Jarzembowski report.
On the other hand, however, his statement that, in this line of industry, rights must be available to all to an equal extent, makes him a hostage to liberal ideas.
It is unreasonable, however, that the Commission (which is to be supervised) should be involved in deciding which information is to be made available.
On 8 June, however, they accepted that Mr Prodi would not fulfil all the promises he made when he took office.
It should, however, at least contain the promises Mr Prodi made on behalf of the Commission.
And yet, 172 Members - including us - took the initiative and called for a vote in favour of a committee of inquiry; however, the Conference of Presidents, under the influence of the Socialists and Christian Democrats, is taking its orders from someone - I certainly do not know who - who has managed to run this procedure off the pitch.
You, however, do not even seem able to contemplate measures such as this.
The Commission is absolutely prepared to work with Parliament, with the European Central Bank and with the Member States in order to implement a programme which is more efficient, bearing in mind however that, in accordance with the current model, approximately two thirds of the total expenditure of the programme will be met by the Member States, according to their specific programmes.
Consequently, I hope that the plenary opts in favour of safety, in line with the precautionary principle. Research, however, should not grind to a halt, but rather come up with alternatives to these softeners.
To sum up then, it is for us to decide whether to opt for the precautionary principle and a high degree of protection, or whether we intend to hide behind scientific reports, which can, however, never relieve us of the responsibility of taking the necessary political decisions.
The argument that children are affected, however, is two-sided: children eat and drink all kinds of things which entail a certain health risk.
It should only be used, however, when there is scientific reason to suppose there is a real risk.
Parliament will be doing the safety of children and everyone else a disservice, however, if it erodes the basis of the precautionary principle, the possibility of a real risk.
Occasionally, however, there is a problem such as the E-coli outbreak in Scotland.
I would, however, urge the meat industry not to adopt a defensive stance in this dossier, but to be proactive instead.
I still wonder, however, how decentralised the research regime will be with regard to the Community patents.
I think, however, that it could have been achieved in a different way and without creating a Community patent.
I would like to say thank you very much for a nice reply, which, however, did not quite answer my questions.
The Commission is, however, not as yet planning any form of global or European clean-up strategy.
All that, however, is not enough, in my view.
Seven years after its creation, however, EMAS is a success only in some countries.
The objective is not, however, to provide supervisory authorities with absolute proofs that an organisation which is EMAS-registered is complying with all current legislation in all situations.
The wording ought, however, to be changed to avoid extra demands being placed upon companies, particularly upon small and medium-sized companies.
A small addendum is required, however, so that the Commission is able, in a legally correct manner, to comply with the contractual conditions in the agreement that has been entered into with the European Standardisation Organisation.
The precautionary principle that is enshrined in the EU Treaty, however, makes it imperative to establish a limit value at which the health risk is extremely low.
I do not believe, however, that it will suffice to allocate huge sums of money in the future - huge sums in relation to previous expenditure, but still less than is actually needed.
It has no problems, however, with Amendments Nos 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16.
I do wish to point out, however, that in some areas we have proposed amendments which we consider to be extremely important.
This increase alone, however, will not bring spectacular success.
On one important point, however, we shall be voting against the rapporteur' s recommendation, and that is the budget for the programme.
That is not, however, enough. We must also follow up the Lisbon Summit, by opening up other Community initiatives.
The political dialogue is not, however, a real dialogue if the citizens do not have the right to receive information and to have access to the documents that they ask for and if the opinions they express are not paid attention to, discussed or taken seriously.
Few citizens, however, are aware that they may submit a petition.
In the report on individual complaints, it emerges, however, that there is insufficient transparency.
There is a risk, however, which is also evident from the Ombudsman' s annual report, that the significance of such a code would vary considerably from one institution or body to another.
I believe, however, that it is contrary to the interests of safety to subject aircraft control and monitoring bodies to market pressure.
This, however, requires long-term efforts and specific, effective investments in alternatives.
In the meantime, however, passengers must be compensated for delays by airlines and must, of course, be apprised of their rights.
The report, however, omits to bring up one fundamental issue: the issue of traffic rights.
This does not, however, prevent Member States from cooperating and sharing ideas concerning social issues.
It should, however, realise that this does not create a precedent for the 1999 discharge.
Our Group congratulates the rapporteurs, Mrs Stauner, Mrs Rühle and Mr Kuhne, on their commendable efforts. We should, however, remain alert and be in a position to observe what the European Commission' s attitude will actually be with regard to the commitments it has made.
We are well aware, however, that the true cause is not just that.
The joint resolution, however, is too sanctimonious and effectively wants to restore the previous situation.
In the framework of this project, however, 58 000 people are to be forcibly resettled in Tibet. Resettlement on that scale might well gradually turn the Tibetans into a minority in their own homeland, after decades of destruction of their culture and their monasteries, of persecution and threat to life and limb!
In our opinion, however, the Indonesian government should intervene more powerfully in order to protect the Moluccan population.
More than anything, however, the Union should be more pro-active.
The political ramifications of their intention are, however, a missed opportunity.
In practice the problem is a minor one, however, as the European toy industry has, in the main, stopped using phthalates.
Such a policy would only be a factor in progress, however, if it were based on an education policy within the various states which aims to earmark greater resources for public education accessible to all.
Introducing the laws of the market into education, however, means keeping the best quality for a minority and allowing the quality for the majority to deteriorate.
At the same time, however, we see the European Central Bank raising interest rates, officially in order to combat a non-existent risk of inflation, but in reality in order to support the parity of the euro.
We are, however, eighteen months away from a crucial deadline: the withdrawal of national currencies and the start of the physical circulation of euro notes and coins.
There is a new feature, however, this year. The Thors report, supported in particular by the work of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and Mr Söderman' s request, is attempting to give the Ombudsman a general right of access to all the documents that need to be consulted when investigating the case for a complaint.
The Ombudsman and his colleagues are not, however, the right people to meet these challenges.
I must, unfortunately, observe, however, that this sector is examined only from the Liberal point of view.
I disagree entirely, however, with the means she puts forward and with the report' s proposals.
We have to accept, however, that there are times when it is roads that provide the necessary access into the hinterland.
What is most peculiar about our situation is, however, that our shipping always comes to a halt in the winter unless certain measures are taken, because the sea freezes.
There are, however, two points in your report that I have a problem with.
I should point out, however, that we in Parliament have tried our hardest, using all the means at our disposal, to keep those budget lines up and running that enabled us to continue financing NGOs.
The work they do in terms of relations and competencies is, however, just as important as that of the major NGOs, but some of them do not have the same administrative facilities that some major NGOs have.
When we look at the Danish text, as well as at Mr Di Lello Finuoli' s report and Mrs Schörling' s opinion, which are both excellent, we see, however, that it is an extremely complicated area.
Now, my reaction may well be over-cautious, but I am very suspicious of those who say: let us raise fines, let us increase the sanctions, without, however, telling us what these fines and sanctions are.
The European Parliament, however, is now caught in a dilemma. Should it issue a recommendation with regard to the Danish proposal or with regard to the Council of Ministers' amended proposal?
I do, however, support additional ideas, such as providing information on the effects of environmental crime and court rulings.
It is remarkable, however, how small a proportion of the reports subsequently lead to guilty verdicts.
In my opinion, however, the multinational giants are the big problem, and co-operation between the authorities is needed in this area, also so that these regulations might enter into force before enlargement.
In the Commission' s view, however, account must be taken of the mature legislation of some Member States, which generally rules out punishing legal persons.
Irrespective of this, however, the persons responsible for serious environmental offences should, of course, also be subject to criminal law.
I should also like to express my respect, however, for those who do smoke, and to defend their right to smoke.
What we do insist on, however, is that the statement which Mr Verheugen eventually makes is unequivocally a declaration by the Commission as a whole, and that any misunderstandings are then cleared up.
We are talking about adding the item on the Temelin nuclear power plant. The item on 'Burma' would, however, be retained as this has been moved forward into item 3, 'Human rights' .
I do, however, feel that one fundamental matter, immigration, has not been sufficiently taken into account by this proposal for a regulation.
To conclude, we must therefore improve the systems that are already in place. Above all, however, we must ensure that the proposals that have already been made, the positions that are adopted in our debates and the way we vote tomorrow are not seen and perceived by our Mediterranean partners as just so many negative messages.
We need an enormous amount of additional financing, however, to be able to guarantee, in particular, the future of the small-scale programmes to strengthen cooperation with neighbouring regions.
The aims that provide the market with additional sensitivity or idealism, however, particularly the fight for a project which is able to reconcile the goals of economic development and those of social and political development cannot be reached unless there is a high degree of cooperation between the Member States at all levels, specifically at the diplomatic level.
If those who back this report achieve their aims, the 'carving up' of our nations will thus have reached its logical conclusion, by once again adopting the old Monnet, Schuman and Delors method, which consists of creating a body in the hope that it will get around to creating its own role and content. The truth is, however, that so many preconditions have been left out that people may have the impression that we do not care what anyone thinks.
I am, however, rather surprised at the strange scenarios depicted by some of the honourable members here.
Certain hopes and expectations, however, have been left behind.
At the same time, however, the lack of sufficiently flexible alternative instruments within the Commission is to be lamented.
I would stress that however much we might all like to do more we have to focus our action, given the very limited human resources at our disposal, on getting right what we are trying to do already.
It is important, however, that they continue to have value.
Not only have councillors been killed, but also members of the security forces and of democratic forces, social representatives, union representatives and businesspeople. It is particularly perverse, however, to kill, intimidate and pursue those individuals in whom the people have put their trust.
This rather exceptional window of opportunity could, however, close again quickly and this is something we must guard against.
The urgent need for a decisive breakthrough on the Israeli-Palestinian front should not, however, distract us from the other aspects of the peace process, and it is this that forms a coherent global issue to which a universal, lasting settlement must be found.
The situation along the border with Israel is, however, still volatile.
The differences between the parties, however, have probably never been so profound.
We live in the hope, however, that a new foundation will be laid after a period of contemplation and reflection, so that we can pick up the peace process once again and herald a new era.
At the same time, however, you cannot rewrite history.
It goes without saying, however, that accession negotiations will be quite out of the question until such time as Turkey complies with the Copenhagen criteria, especially the democratic criteria, although any progress in this direction will of course encourage us to adopt the measures which I have just mentioned.
The Liberals do not, however, support the idea of setting up a new institution in the form of an EC College of Diplomacy. Nor do we want the present delegations to develop into EU embassies.
We are opposed, however, to setting up a college of diplomacy for training the staff.
For us, however, it is clear: there is no question of slowing down the enlargement process by introducing new requirements or a variety of delaying tactics.
The development of these appropriations, however, shows an increase of 4.6% compared with 2000, an increase which reflects the priority the Council accords the appropriations allocated to what now constitutes a second pillar of the CAP.
At the same time, however, the across-the-board cut was increased from 2.5% to 5.1%, which means that these newly created posts cannot be filled.
At the same time, however, the Committee of the Regions has declared that it has need of more funds for the year 2001.
There is no doubt that preventive measures and treatment over recent years have considerably improved patients' chances of survival in developed countries; however, the same cannot be said of poor countries.
With the approximately 15 years' experience we have had of this epidemic - I myself have been active in connection with both the UN and the Red Cross - I can, however, see that we have not listened especially carefully to that saying.
The fact of the matter is, however, that I can only guarantee us one hour here.
The fact remains, however, that I am speaking right now on behalf of the Council and, let me repeat, these measures are bilateral measures, not measures undertaken in the context of the European Union.
For the rest, however, it is a complicated matter to attempt harmonisation with countries which are not yet members of the European Union.
It must be considered, however, that if this is made a requirement within the European Union, then this is the requirement within the body to which the candidate countries wish and are going to accede.
The fact is, however, that we still have a few years to consider the matter.
The mandate therefore authorises the Community negotiator, if necessary, to grant the Mediterranean partners tariff preferences for new products or to improve existing concessions, while, however, taking the vulnerability of certain products and the mechanisms of the common agricultural policy into consideration.
I would like to thank the minister for his reply; however, I note that, whereas I specifically asked if the Helsinki criteria would be defined within the partnership, he evaded the question.
I feel, however, the question itself contained observations of quite a different kind.
The proposed measures do, however, include projects in the field of human rights and the protection of minorities.
Now, however, one Member State, Great Britain, has just banned fur farming in its territory.
Let us be aware, at the same time, however, that the European Council is not just a legislative body but also an executive body, a function which, this time, is shared with the Commission, and that it undertakes a whole range of debates which have nothing to do with the legislative process.
Firstly, it is a means of generating future jobs. Secondly, however, it is also of great significance for securing cultural diversity and freedom of speech in Europe.
When it comes to issues of content, however, we want to know that, in the first place, the Member States are willing and able to safeguard cultural pluralism and diversity of opinion.
We are also, however, saying just as clear a yes to the task of developing and promoting commercial television companies in Europe so that they can compete effectively worldwide.
One of the goals of the public service, however, is the general interest, and for this reason it must be valued.
The Commission, however, has relegated the public sector to the role of poor relation and market legislation to the role of basic regulator.
They will all decide together, however, whether or not a revision is necessary.
All of this changes the issue of pluralism, however, and makes it more complex.
Progress has already been made, however, in the past ten years.
If we consult our statistics, however, 4 out of 5 Erasmus students were the first members of their family to study abroad, which does illustrate the role that this programme plays in the opportunities for mobility available in Europe to students of new social backgrounds.
It goes without saying however that, with its leading role in the negotiations, the Commission will see to it that the negotiating guidelines laid down by the Council are observed.
I am deeply convinced that problems, however great, must neither defeat the dreams and ambitions of our peoples nor destroy their hopes of living in peace and security.
In order for such a peace to be lasting and general, however, it had to be fair.
The Israeli position, however, still continues to hinge on the following point: the unified Jerusalem is the capital of the State of Israel regardless of all the proposals which have been put forward.
This is not, however, an absolute right of the third-country citizens who reside in the Union' s Member States, and reside there lawfully.
Above all, however, this debate has one fundamental feature.
I accept, however, that it is necessary to exclude the beneficiaries of temporary protection or subsidiary protection.
For the majority of people, it is more important, however, for their right of residence, including their right to stay on, to be protected.
I can assure you, however, that the number of these cases is now very low and that, with regard to such cases, the European Commission never fails to take the necessary measures pursuant to Community law.
It does, however, ensure that particularly at our respective borders our planning takes account of the environment quality within and across our borders when planning frameworks are being agreed.
Officially, according to MARPOL and other conventions, waste is required to be handed over. In practice, however, it appears that this does not happen.
Right until the very end, however, there has been one main contentious issue, namely the ships' own contributions toward the cost of collecting waste.
I should like to say, however, that the agreement is in certain respects a disappointment in the perspective of what has happened in the Baltic.
Around the Mediterranean Sea, however, there was preference for payment according to the waste collected.
Some of us in my group, however, would have liked us to express a more generous stance.
As matters stand, the one-year rule cannot, however, be practised in Denmark without significant problems.
The Commission is aware, however, that Member States are interpreting these concepts in a totally different way, often too broadly, and it stresses that they must be applied in accordance with the principle of proportionality.
At a time, however, when the European Union is making employment a priority, mergers should also be seen in light of their consequences for employment and land-use planning.
Whilst the directive regulates the conditions in which an invention based on biological matter may benefit from the protection of a patent, its aim is not, however, to set the conditions in which the research itself may be carried out.
It is my opinion, however, that the responsibility of policy-makers - which may be more difficult, more complex - is to regulate certain issues, set limits and avoid situations out of a western.
Today, however, we are discussing the use of cloning techniques for therapeutic purposes and this has many implications.
This debate must also, however, be held in the public domain.
In our own territory, however, we allow such violations that - as has been seen in public - are simply inhumane, considering we are supposed to be a civilised western Europe.
In accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, the Union' s citizens have the right to move freely through the territory of Member States. Restrictions may be imposed, however, for reasons of public order and in individual cases only, i.e. when the person concerned represents a genuine and sufficiently serious threat to society' s fundamental wellbeing.
The Commission continues to take the position, however, that the draft regulation should contain a clear obligation for the European police college to become a fixed institution after having functioned for a few years as a network.
Since then, however, the association in question has heard nothing more.
Mr President, with the outcome of the conciliation concerning the Water Framework Directive, we are completing what, for the European Parliament, has been a tough but successful piece of work lasting ten years. At the same time, however, we are, as a result, standing on the threshold of new tasks that are at least as important.
Welcome as this result is, we cannot, however, rest on our laurels.
Agriculture and forestry, however, are still problems, with their diffuse discharges.
We are pleased, however, that the Greens have achieved a great breakthrough when it comes to emissions of dangerous substances, which now have to be identified on the list of priority substances.
Let us remember, however, that until the very end a number of Member States vehemently resisted any requirement that they should manage their own water resources more carefully and in an environmentally more conscious way in future.
I believe, however, that the great objective of protecting Europe' s groundwater for future generations is not in dispute.
I believe the Commission has undoubtedly submitted a somewhat overly prescriptive proposal with, in my opinion, some outmoded initiatives in terms of environmental policy. Fortunately, more work has, however, been done upon the proposal in the course of the three readings, and we now have a proposal which is along the right lines.
Cars of this kind, made out of plastic or fibreglass or whatever, do not, however, have the advantage of being able to be recycled.
I would, however, like to emphasise three statements that the Commission will make when it adopts the directive.
Environmental concerns must, however, be balanced against the needs of the aviation industry to ensure its success in the future.
We must make sure that we limit these forms of damage to the environment, at the same time, however, as distinguishing between the damage caused to health around airports and the ways in which people' s ordinary well-being is prejudiced.
This, however, does require sufficient expertise and alternatives.
This should not deter us, however, from sketching the outlines for the future and to expect this to be done internationally.
The amendments made to it, however, throw the baby out with the bath water.
The situation will become untenable, however, if there is an attempt to bring in changes too fast, as would seem to be the case on this occasion.
An adequate transition period, however, will guarantee that the new requirements are taken account of at the development stage.
Unfortunately, however, the proposed timetable is too strict.
Especially in cases - and they are not infrequent - of hand-made artefacts and/or works of art. Importers are, however, advised to develop a quality mark.
Mr President, Commissioner, this is a small and modest report, an amendment to a directive that I, however, believe is an important and significant example of the great success of the awareness and information policies and of the fact that the regulation often comes after society has sorted itself out.
In drawing its conclusions, the Committee has, however, come up with a variety of positions derived from the very different evaluations of the various causes.
The present system, however, satisfies neither of these criteria.
We have, however, received an initial outline of the proposals.
The first measures against doping, however, began to be taken after the first Helsinki Olympic games in 1952, but it was in the Tour de France of 1998 that the problem became too big and the serious fight against it began.
Before, the motto of sport was that of Pierre de Coubertin, 'the important thing is taking part' . Now, however, it seems that whoever comes first wins, whoever comes second loses, and the rest just take part.
I do, however, disagree with the reports when they call for a Treaty clause on sport.
I would, however, say that there is no rush.
The importance of sport and exercise both for societies and for individuals must not, however, get buried under professionalism and commercialism.
It is vital, however, that some of the major clubs which seek complete deregulation, so that they can organise private competitions, do not try to sabotage the discussion process on which FIFA and the Commission are about to embark.
It must be perfectly clear, however, that a blanket exemption from these rules can never be warranted.
I am sorry, but many Members did, however, listen attentively to you.
We cannot, however, support the compromise reached in the conciliation group concerning the way in which end-of-life vehicles are to be dealt with.
In their opinion, noise pollution should be countered by using 'very open asphalt concrete' , a road surface which, however, can turn unexpectedly slippery overnight when frosty.
In my opinion, however, I think it would be useful to obtain an analysis from the European Committee on Ethics on these points, in order to clarify the issues.
These measures, however, have a number of detrimental effects on the public and the environment, effects which would not have emerged without the competition from aviation.
We share most of the points of view presented in this about the need for a more vigorous policy to combat the negative effects of aircraft upon the environment. We cannot, however, support paragraphs 20 and 23 of the text.
We treat regimes such as India, which continue to consolidate and strengthen democracy, however difficult that may be, on the same footing as other countries like China, Burma and North Korea, which, you could say, do all they can to strengthen dictatorship.
This ought not, however, to lead to hard feelings between the Czech Republic and the Member States of the EU.
It is also necessary, however, to back a European forest strategy with technical and financial resources in order to strengthen and complement national resources.
This, of course, presupposes an agreement, which has not been concluded since the multi-racial constitution of 1997, which was seemingly approved by everyone at the time but which cannot, however, be applied in practice.
I also think, however, that we ought again to use this morning' s discussion to raise awareness once more and to make people aware of education again.
That tenet is now only half the truth, however, and it cannot remain so, for the processes of change and transformation in society, in the world of work and in the environment are by no means over after school or after training, but continue and become still more marked.
It is said, and rightly so, that we are becoming a society of information and knowledge. The great philosopher Nietzsche, however, warned us that it is impossible to found a civilisation on knowledge.
The importance of lifelong learning cannot, however, be limited to the spheres of education and training policy alone.
When it comes to taking action, however, the situation is often the reverse.
Parliament, however, did its best to establish a legal basis in time for the measures to be effected.
It should, however, be a fundamental right of every citizen, leading not just to improved professional skills, but also to human growth, happiness and understanding.
I also believe, however, that we ought to set an example at European level.
Some parties had, however, begun to consider this subject well before that, since, even in 1996, the Commission proposed to the Council and to Parliament that the year 1996 be declared the 'European Year of Lifelong Learning' .
This should not prevent us, however, from entering into an extensive and searching debate on this issue and going over the short hour that was originally scheduled.
As well as this dialogue with OPEC, however, we must not forget that we need to maintain and strengthen our strategic relations with Russia and we should consider the necessary means to modernise production and distribution conditions in that country which is, let us not forget, the third largest producer of oil in the world and, if we take account of gas, their position is absolutely vital.
I was talking about aid, however, and I wish to say that we must break up and end anti-competitive practices and these practices are clearly taking place in the fuel sector.
What is essential now, however, is the ability on the part of the countries of the Union to react in the short term.
None of this, however, is going to resolve the current situation.
The very fact that different laws exist in each country, however, raises various problems that can be overcome by adopting minimum standards which will make it possible to harmonise these national laws, thereby guaranteeing that citizens' fundamental rights are respected, and specifically the right to privacy and the right to freedom of expression and of information.
To that extent, we are in favour of the basic ideas in this report but we wish, however, to point out that it is important to construct this supervisory authority on the basis of the skills possessed by the Member States in this area.
At the same time, however, we must ensure that there are adequate resources available.
For we need to remember that, however commendable and laudable the purpose behind what we are adopting, the consequences will not necessarily always be as we hope, and our objective must therefore always be to formulate rules which are as simple and precise as possible and to ensure that there is room for the flexibility needed in the labour market.
As the rapporteur is careful to point out, however, building firms are opposed to regulation of any kind and, as a result, the report carefully avoids implicating them.
If emergency measures were to be agreed, forcing employers to make such arrangements, then I should immediately be all in favour of them. I doubt, however, if that would be possible, so respectful is this Parliament of employers' interests.
In addition, however, the Skinner report raises the fundamental question as to what Europe should do and what it should not do.
We must not forget, however, that those rules were initially alien to European law.
With regard to horizontal restrictions, however, there are guidelines which are, to a large extent, broader than the two specific aspects regulated by the two proposals for regulations.
It would, however, only be possible after an individual examination of the case and the merits of the agreement.
This, however, Mr Karas, should not reduce the legal certainty for companies.
Now that the development process is to be evaluated after four years and decisions then taken about the future, I think, however, that we should be satisfied.
Her report can, however, be considered to be an important contribution.
In practice, however, both leave something to be desired.
The European Union could, however, help coordinate Member State aid and intervene if the Member States fail to take any action.
We are, however, in a position of constraint.
Now the Commission is saying that there is no longer enough money, however, because we entered into a commitment in Marrakech and now we are going to have to rethink the situation.
On the other hand, however, there can be no doubt that the bottleneck in the budget and also the special WTO agreements represent a completely new challenge at the end of the day, particularly where export refunds are concerned.
The committee did, however, agree to take a coherent approach to the law relating to the internet.
I once met an old man who said, 'I am in no doubt at all that, when I speak to my God, I can speak in my own language. I also hope, however, that the same will apply in the courts I may be called before' .
This action would, however, have two consequences for Article 15.
As I see it, however, arbitration generally follows more complex procedural rules than those applied by the courts.
As I see it, the procedure adopted asserts that a written declaration presented by five Spanish Members of the European Parliament - who are fully within their rights to do so - can become the official position of Parliament. If this were the case, however, it would amount to a position adopted selfishly, by the back door and almost by stealth, so as to prevent other groups and Members from having the chance to present amendments or changes with the aim of achieving a broad consensus on the text.
The European dimension of the fight against terrorism is not, however, a recent concept.
We regret that unequivocal repudiations and constructive proposals do not, however, go hand in hand, as proved by the declaration that has already been discussed and which has been presented by several groups to the exclusion of others and without open debate.
We are, however, in favour of responsible and democratic dialogue in order to achieve peaceful coexistence and to strengthen democracy, which is so essential to us.
I think it is important, however, that the coordination between the European Union Member States should continue in order to avoid a situation where they are expressing divergent views on the various issues raised.
The fact that the crimes were committed in all these different places, however, shows that racism and right-wing extremism are not problems specific to East Germany, but are to be found throughout Germany, indeed throughout Europe.
I have to say, however, and it is not her fault, that there are sins of omission as far as I am concerned.
The contradiction in terms, however, is patently obvious. Every day we can see examples illustrating the lesson that purely economic development could not possibly be sustainable.
At the same time, however, many people resort to using this cheap workforce.
We do, however, know that, on both sides, there are men of peace who wish to forge ahead.
This does not, of course, mean that we were not shocked by the tragedy or that, as a government and as the Socialist Group, we shall not do everything humanly possible to increase the safety of ships in the Aegean, which has three and a half thousand islands and a huge number of ferries and, however serious this accident, compared with the number of voyages made in the Aegean every summer, it is one accident out of a huge number of successful sailings.
As early as December in Nice, however, majority decision-making is to be introduced in the social and labour-market spheres, as referred to in Articles 42 and 137.
This must not, however, be allowed to dull our determination. Instead, it should increase it.
But social security systems, however they may be constructed, therefore particularly need special regulations and supervisory and codetermination bodies when it comes to funding, so as to strengthen confidence in these new systems and products.
I would, however, urge all participants to reach a consensus on incorporating clear commitments in the principal documents in Seoul to respect human rights in the region.
The rapporteur, however, has viewed the matter mainly from the angle of large ports.
It is not always the case, however, not by a long chalk, that these standards are applied.
There are, however, those who would regard any confrontation between the Council and the Commission as positive, as if this might somehow be to Parliament's advantage.
Turning to Mr Moscovici's questions: firstly, Mr President-in-Office, we are certainly not advocating running the risk of the Charter being rejected in Biarritz just because we are calling for it to be incorporated into the Treaties; however, in all honesty, I cannot imagine that responsible heads of government will reject the Charter, given the high quality of its content.
I would, however, be more critical as concerns the results.
We have done so, however, and I believe this is wonderful news for the European Union.
I also feel, however, that it includes some major advances, and that also means in relation to current texts.
As a Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities, we hope, however, that such a federal state will never see the light of day.
These are two different results which, however, I feel are closely related and herald new times.
What I would also call for, however, is to look beyond immediate concerns in Biarritz.
In Germany an extensive list of fundamental rights already existed in the Weimar constitution which, however, because it was so extensive, degenerated into a simple set of targets which could not be legally enforced.
For the implementation of human rights to be monitored in practice also, however, the Union must have clear rules regarding possible sanction mechanisms to be used against Member States.
Now, however, we are seeing that President Putin is pursuing a policy of openness towards the West.
It must, however, be pointed out that there is another way of increasing the number of seats per vehicle and that is to use double-decker buses and coaches.
Much more crucial, however, is the fact that the testing rules for cornering are not aligned with the current version of ECE Regulation 36.03 which has been used in practice since 1996.
We have absolutely no intention, however, of endorsing the Charter itself, as it is still vague on such basic human rights as the right to employment, a decent wage or accommodation, rights which affect the majority of the population, and is also vague regarding the social protection and freedom of movement and residence of third country nationals.
The European institutions are, however, quite capable of making binding decisions, such as, for example, the authorisation of night working for women, when such decisions are harmful or when they lead to pointless hassle.
This is not, however, the case for basic rights such as the right of all employees to strike or join unions.
We do not, however, believe that the latter can be concluded in Nice in less than three months, for which reason alone we cannot vote in favour of incorporating the Charter into the Treaty at the Nice Summit.
This is not, however, remotely the route that the Convention took.
I also think, however, that we should make it clear when we talk about the Copenhagen criteria that each individual country has to be assessed on the progress it has made.
As far as we are concerned, however, imparting a new dynamic to these negotiations means, particularly with regard to the issue of transitional periods, we shall do all we possibly can in order to make progress pragmatically.
The date of 1 January 2003, which is the only one on which the European Union has agreed, is, however, both for the candidates and for ourselves, an extremely ambitious objective and this is the deadline to which the Presidency will be working.
But success does not depend on the time factor alone, however important it may be.
It does presuppose, however, that the European Union will keep its own promise to be ready for enlargement from 1 January 2003.
This should not be, however. We really must demand of ourselves, and the European Union too, significant changes as far as the Union is concerned.
We can understand there being political conditions, given a political undertaking such as European cooperation. We cannot, however, accept economic and social conditions especially as they are so stringent that they are continually pushing back the deadlines and consigning the States to upheavals that are ruinous for their economic and social structure, to the sole advantage, perhaps, of the German patron, who alone may be profiting from the current lack of organisation in Central Europe.
In the final analysis, however, there are two possibilities, either we dictate a forced march rate of change and we disrupt most of the candidate countries, or we wait until the conditions set are fulfilled thanks to natural development, and that means postponing accession until the Greek calends.
To make matters clear, however, there can be no accession on the cheap.
I am, however, also thinking of public opinion within the European Union.
As I see it, there are, however, no other alternatives and nothing else is more to be desired.
A communications strategy is not enough, however good it may be.
The prohibition on non-Hungarian citizens buying farmland is, however, an obstacle to setting a fair price for this land.
I have a duty to point out, however, that transposing the acquis communautaire is taking too long and that Cyprus, like other candidate countries moreover, should tighten up its administrative, fiscal and legal systems.
Nor shall we succeed, however, if we do not appreciate that enlargement should, first and foremost, be for the benefit not only of a few people but of all people in the candidate countries, or in any case the majority of them.
One should be clear, however, that there is undeniably a danger of people voting 'no' .
This cannot, however, happen by itself, and I would very much urge that attention be given to the position of women.
The composite picture of enlargement does not therefore point to insuperable costs but to gains, however the calculations are carried out.
As shadow rapporteur for Lithuania, on behalf of my group, I would, however, like to congratulate Mrs Hoff on her report.
This is not reflected, however, in a balanced improvement in the standard of living of the whole population.
Enlargement should not be achieved, however, by choosing the new NATO countries first.
People do, however, rally in large numbers around one issue, namely that of enlargement.
The most important changes which the Commission has proposed and which I support are to the effect that the directive should include absolutely every imaginable product intended for animal nutrition, including products used to feed what I call small animals, that is to say cats, dogs, guinea pigs etc.. The rules are designed to apply in the first place, however, to feedingstuffs for those animals we eat ourselves.
The people of Europe cannot, however, properly rely upon such control' s really being carried out if there are major differences of approach between Member States and regions.
In all our deliberations, however, we must be mindful of the entire supply chain; in other words, we need what Mr Glavany, the French President of the Council, has called a quality pact between society, industry and agriculture.
It may well determine, however, how we can vote at that stage.
I doubt, however, whether we shall succeed in introducing a zero-tolerance threshold.
Unfortunately, however, despite all our efforts, it will never be possible to completely eradicate criminal practices.
From my own conversations, however, I know that I am not speaking for a majority of the House on this particular point.
In principle, I am not against Amendments Nos 15, 16, 20 - last paragraph - concerning the change from "decontamination" to "rendering the product harmless" however we will introduce some editorial changes in relation to that.
The compound-feed industry, however, has been trying yet again to exert influence through the Council and to overturn the principle of open declarations.
What we do expect, however, is that the Commission will give us regular updates and that it has an approximate timetable for the accomplishment of this task.
If this does happen, however, it will be crucial to know which amounts of which contaminated primary product have entered the feed in question.
Even if we are pleased with this progress, however, how can we forget that before we finally adopted measures it took ten years and 80 deaths, and in two years' time we may well yet discover a zoonosis, a health disaster?
I take a more critical view, however, of the escape clause which would give the Commission the scope to take measures of its own without consulting the Member States.
It is unfortunate, however, that we are still not, in fact, taking matters one step further and establishing certain labelling obligations with regard to energy and foodstuffs, too.
A positive list of feed materials would give the clearest response to the current lack of definition of feed materials, however, it goes on to state: "This task is complex and time-consuming.
The financial framework for the enlargement of the Union, however, can only be facilitated through a rise in the current Member States' contributions and not through constant cuts in planned expenditure on the various Community policies.
Enlargement ought not, however, to be regarded as a problem, but must be seen as an opportunity for deepening cooperation on cross-border issues which the States cannot solve on their own.
As friends, however, we are too dubious about the wisdom of their decision not to refrain from putting them on their guard.
We, for our part, have always stood by the logic of truth, however hard it may be to accept.
What is shaping up at the moment, however, is unfortunately more like the formation of a purely economic and liberal Europe, without any real political power which might democratically decide on major political, economic and social objectives.
The respondent, however, has to prove that he did not discriminate and must be able to provide documentary evidence.
What is important, however, is that the European Parliament should advocate that double discrimination, which often victimises older women and disabled women, should be tackled here.
I do, however, have problems with Mr Cashman' s report, which is peppered with 17 proposed amendments. I want to raise several points in it that worry me.
The question is, however, far more significant in philosophical, legal and sociological terms.
On the other hand, however, for forty years there have been texts in existence which are actually based on discrimination.
Genuine socio-economic integration, however, presupposes the equality of rights which cannot exist without better political representation, and for that we should have to regularise the situation of illegal immigrants and grant all immigrants the right to vote.
Some possibilities have been retained, however, which I must admit I find somewhat shocking.
The code, however, is only a political commitment between Member States.
It is undeniable, however, that there are grounds for further strengthening of the code and its implementation, as Mr Titley has mentioned.
Before it can do so, however, there is a need for a comprehensive review of its design, the conditions under which it is implemented and, more specifically, its methods of intervention.
A degree of flexibility can, however, be shown in respect of certain issues.
I would, however, reiterate that Portugal did indeed handle matters well in the previous period.
Discontinuing support for the information campaign does not, however, mean that the Commission will abandon its other activities to protect children against violence and abuse, notably the STOP programme.
I want to say again, however, that we must concentrate our efforts on this area. At the same time, it is important to do so at a more political level and to concentrate on the Stop programme which covers the same area.
Would he agree with me that it is a false distinction to draw here, however, between safety in the workplace and safety in the schoolroom or safety for a child working at home?
According to European Union diplomats in Teheran, however, no death sentence by stoning has been carried out in Iran during the last three years.
It must be clear, however, that this distinction can only apply during a transitional period.
It is important, however, that institutions which do not employ an internal auditor take the job of internal audit seriously.
I would, however, like to make my personal point of view very clear.
What it does mean, however, is that an assessment is carried out, according to modern methods on the basis of risk analyses, to find out in what cases of expenditure ex ante control is absolutely essential.
In the past, 10% of operations were controlled, which, however, accounted for 89% of the total budget.
Subsidiarity must serve some purpose, however, and not act as a screen.
As you know, however, no effective systems are yet to be found where television is concerned.
Let us not, however, forget the ethical and legal aspects.
Universities that do not comply, however, must forfeit their subsidies.
I would say to you, however, that, for things to continue to move, some pressure needs to be exerted.
It will also, however, enable monitoring to be carried out periodically so that the Member States can progressively develop their own strategies where mobility is concerned.
If, however, the pressure is kept up, we shall get there.
I shall not, however, be talking about the Conference on Professional Equality so much as the issues I have put on the agenda for the Ministerial Conference on 27 October.
We see, however, that, on many points, women are opposed to the project to a much greater degree than men.
There were thousands of other things I could have done with saying. I can see, however, that my allocated speaking time has run out, so I shall stop at this point.
Since I became a Member of this Parliament, however, it has been my impression that a part of this House would rather forget this aspect of women' s lives.
The present report, however, puts forward an exaggerated interpretation of the principle of equality.
This choice, however, does not offer any guarantees against evil, suffering or injustice.
Mrs Dybkjær' s report contains another long list of demands and wishes directed at the Commission, particularly in respect of inquiries, which I do not, however, necessarily consider to be indispensable.
I have not lost hope, however, of improving the text.
As the rapporteur pointed out, however, neither the Council nor the Commission adopted the specific amendments that I have mentioned, because, among other reasons, they considered that they did not add anything to the proposed text and that fraud should be combated outside the Community Customs Code.
What is happening here, however, is in fact even worse.
It is also true, however, that Colombia, which we frequently discuss here, has several problems.
We would, however, like to request that it be deferred for a third time for political reasons.
We must not, however, be afraid to use legislation if this is what is required for us to achieve our objectives.
This report does, however, give some cause for concern.
Let us begin, however, with mergers. One consequence of EMU is, of course, that we see more and more mergers.
There are those in this House who will wish to emphasise the exemptions; however, I wish to make it clear that for the most part the operation of state aid works against free competition within a single market.
In the long run, however, levels of State aid will have to fall.
I would, however, like to end by quoting the report of the Legal Affairs Committee.
The fact that, at the moment, only three countries can benefit from it suggests that the amount hitherto available - EUR 16 billion - can be reduced. At the same time, however, past experience tells us that we cannot reduce it by very much, for the very reason that the last time the mechanism was used, in 1993, the loan was for EUR 8 billion.
There is no genetically modified vine propagating material available on the market as yet; however, research is ongoing.
In addition, Mrs Klass, it is, however, important to stress the political dimension as well as the legal aspect, particularly where viticulture is concerned, and - providing we manage to do so - to keep viticulture free of genetically modified material if at all possible.
There is one basic issue, however, that I would like the President-in-Office of the Council to clarify.
We all know that enlargement of the Union cannot take place until decision-making procedures within the key institutions are reformed; however, such a reform process must be fair and balanced.
What is really worrying, however, is that what might be called a form of blackmail is being perpetrated against those who, when it comes to reforms, do not wish to go further than they have been authorised to do by the Member States.
The lessons we have learnt from the twentieth century, however, is if we see people everywhere only as French, Germans, Danish, Irish, Arabs, Hutus, Tutsis, Serbs, Bosnians and Persians, we end up forgetting our common humanity.
Mr President, I come from a land, an island, which has always had this problem, a never-ending problem - like other Italian islands and, I believe, tens and hundreds of islands of other countries - an island which has always made a major contribution, which has always been firmly in favour of national development and which, today, values European development in addition to and alongside national development. The effects of development, progress, news and communications, however, have always reached that island, as they have reached other islands, years later than elsewhere.
It is also true, however, that we must as a Presidency take account of the fact that the Member States have so far indicated that they are not yet ready to discuss a constitution, even if an illustrious list of political representatives has raised the issue.
We must therefore succeed in Nice, and open the doors to enlargement and to new and future reforms. First of all, however, the objective of these negotiations is to get the door open.
It seems to me, however, that we need to clarify the current legal and institutional situation first of all, which is what your report also proposes as a first stage: "a reorganised Treaty" , as you say in point 9 of your resolution.
In spite of everything, however, at least the agenda has included one very important point, reinforced cooperation, which must be seen as an incentive for progress and not for dispersal or creating cabinets.
The danger, however, is that reinforced cooperation will break up the unity of Europe through the back door, resulting in a patchwork of intergovernmental cooperation.
I concede, however, that the political situation has not been conducive to going that far and I therefore give my unreserved support to the Duhamel report currently before us.
The report does well to state the need to reduce gender gaps with regard to employment, unemployment, pay and sectoral segregation by 50% in the Member States over the next five years. It is also crucial, however, for there to be a real improvement in good-quality jobs, in salaries and in professional development, which we have not yet seen.
It is proposed to allow material for the vegetative propagation of the vine which meets reduced specifications to be marketed when temporary difficulties arise without, however, specifying what these difficulties might be.
When you then consider that the Commission would concentrate initially on cutting back the amounts outstanding in such a situation, which naturally we would also favour, there would, however, be far too great a risk of not being able to continue with a budgetary line deemed important by Parliament.
Following the happy outcome of the elections in Serbia, we are, however, now obliged to support Serbia with financial aid and not just with fine words and grand proclamations.
I have to add, however, that sugar policy, for example, is now again the topic of debate, also within the Commission.
I am sorry, however, that the Committee on Budgets voted to enter in the reserve Commission appropriations for information activities.
We can only, in such circumstances, support Parliament' s attitude and the back the amendment in favour of MEDA, restoring the appropriations of the preliminary draft budget, in the same way that we must be pleased at the significant increase in agricultural expenditure and the special place given to the second pillar of the CAP, promotion of the countryside, while, however, deploring the position of the Committee on Budgets, which rejected almost all the amendments from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development seeking to compensate for the Council' s drastic cuts in the fruit and vegetable sector and also in the pig farming sector.
In view of the appropriations which could have been committed for the first months of the year 2000, questions can be asked as to Kosovo' s real capacity to absorb the EUR 350 million planned for 2001. Most of all, however, the victory of the Serbian President forces us henceforth to recognise Belgrade as sole discussion partner for all decisions, all intervention, and all routing of aid via the provinces of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
The rapporteur' s proposal to use this principle for MEDA, however, does not meet the 'new' or 'unforeseen' requirement, and is all the more surprising in the light of the fact that spending levels have not been reached in the MEDA programme.
The matter to which Mr McCartin refers, however, has not been specifically referred to the Council, and the Council has not mentioned the matter as such in its discussions.
It must be noted, however, that while it may be possible to seek a consensus within the European Union, no such consensus exists within G7, especially within the OECD, regarding levying a tax on exchange transactions.
I do agree with you, however, we could be discussing this for a long time to come.
As usual, however, I can assure you that we shall give you a specific answer if you put a specific question to us.
The coastal states, however, while respecting this 'right of innocent passage' , are authorised to set a number of requirements in order to ensure the safety of shipping and protection of the environment.
I should moreover like to point out, however, that there are other constraints upon us.
There is, however, a popular demand that we solve the problem of how best to provide aid to Serbia.
I should really like, however, to set another priority.
The fact that, following Kostunica' s election, the Serbian parliament immediately lifted the restrictions upon prices which had until then been frozen, led to a price explosion, which might cause people to misunderstand the policy pursued by Kostunica who, however, had no influence at all upon this decision.
This is not enough, however, to change our negative overall view of the draft budget, because it is inadequate. Hence our demand for the financial perspective to be revised.
I would state very clearly that we want to finance the programme for the Balkan region on the basis of the assessment to date, that is to say, however, not exclusively under heading 1 and not exclusively by revising the Financial Perspective, but by means of thoroughly sound multiannual financial planning.
This means, however, that we are only at the beginning of the Budget process.
Where the present proposal is concerned, I am not however certain that people think it will be.
In addition to the restrictive reading of Article 286, however, it would have been possible to take Article 255 of the Treaty as a further legal basis in order to expand the scope of this regulation.
Let us not, however, forget that Article 299(2) also states that the coherence of the Community legal order and the unity of the internal market must not be undermined.
I do, however, understand your comments, Mrs Sudre, as a sort of message intended to reinforce the political will of the Commission.
It is not, however, possible to increase the quote or to exempt the Azores from paying additional levies for exceeding these quotas.
Most of all, however, I would like at this point to mention one point that is particularly important to the future of these regions.
We must make it clear, however, that the rapid alert system and the implementation of the measures must fall within the field of political responsibility.
Strangely enough, however, there is huge panic amongst the public if something goes wrong with food production.
It is, however, important to define what we expect from the Food Safety Agency and what sort of criteria should apply in selecting its location.
It is, however, essential to ensure the greatest coherence and coordination between the actions taken by the European Union and those taken by the Member States.
We should instead criticise the Commission if it does not engage in proper administration. We should not, however, be controlling the Commission from a distance.
Unfortunately, however, we are not in that utopian world.
The criticisms, however, are sanctimonious and based on ignorance.
Fortunately, emphasis is placed, however, on the fact that the mines constitute a fundamental obstacle to the development of these regions in addition to a lethal threat of death and distress.
That is why we will abstain on this report: for even if we welcome its display of concern, however spurious or even belated, for employment, we cannot in all decency approve its practical proposals.
In our view, however, the interpretations of 15 judges, which go beyond the Treaties as ratified, are clearly improper and we are still waiting for them to be submitted for the approval of the peoples of the Member States.
I am sure that pensioners and elderly people feel that Europe represents a future of peace, and we therefore support any step, however small, in that direction.
The Portuguese socialist MEPs do not, however, agree that ratification of this 'Constitution' should necessarily be carried out by means of a referendum.
We welcome the idea that future changes, after Nice, could be prepared by a convention involving national parliaments, the European Parliament and government representatives, as recently tried, successfully, with the convention that prepared the Charter of Rights. Ratification, however, must be up to each Member State in accordance with its own procedures and traditions.
We consider, however, that future development will increase the need for far more varied and flexible cooperation in Europe.
What they cannot do, however, is avoid the pioneer countries' legislation.
The Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance is disappointed, however, disappointed that the report did not seize the opportunity to bring about environmentally, socially and culturally sustainable development in these regions and that the amendments adopted during the vote are not such as to improve the text in that respect.
In any case, we have, however, subordinated our repugnance for this topic' s colonial backdrop to the interests of those living in the regions concerned.
I must also stress, however, that insufficient attention is given in the report to certain particular social situations that exist in these regions or in some of them, which would also require special measures.
Mr President, violent conflicts are always man-made, however bestial in nature; they are never unavoidable like natural disasters; the leaders who cause them bear immense responsibility.
We must target the rulers and not the population, however difficult this is, and our Parliament must be directly involved in the decision to suspend aid.
The problem is, however, that the rigid character of these instruments is in itself a limitation to what we can do and how we can use them.
This April's UN Commission on Human Rights resolution was, however, adopted with a clear majority, I am extremely pleased to say.
Regrettably, however, this has never been the case and it is not so now.
Today, I thought, however, of concentrating on the United States.
But as people said at the time, we see in Belgrade that however tragic the loss of life, these were very surgically carried out on the whole.
It does, however, set great store by a solid basis for the trading system, which must be simple and transparent to the participants and underpinned by sound market institutions.
For all our good intentions, however, it looks as though in the European Union far from cutting CO2 emissions by the end of this decade we shall end up increasing them.
Many people forecast a fiasco, however, and even an agreement on the cheap, which will sound the death knell of the Kyoto Protocol.
First of all, however, I want to round off the discussion about what we believe must happen in The Hague in a few weeks' time by saying that our role must clearly be that of instigating change internationally.
This problem must not, however, be used as a reason for not taking action but may even perhaps be turned to our advantage as something which strengthens competitiveness and offers us benefits.
The Commission' s proposal, however, consists in stabilising aid at the reduced level and granting aid directly to producer organisations, with which the minimum price regime will disappear.
Currently, however, only 40% of fruit and vegetable production is pooled within producer organisations.
The Commission, however, intends to reduce spending to below the all-time minimum.
The fruit and vegetable sector, however, faces an uncertain future due in part to the erosion of Community preference in the Euro-Mediterranean free trade area, which may wipe out all the work that has been done.
The auction of radio frequencies, however, is promoting developments in the opposite direction.
This is a matter on which we are, however, moving swiftly and, it would appear, genuinely in the right direction.
The substances and materials in these products, however, do carry a risk.
I believe, however, that there is also more that the governments must do, and I support the rapporteur's report.
It is important, however, that technical and legal security are guaranteed, especially with regard to direct debiting.
We must, however, ensure that it is effective.
The question does, however, arise as to how the Multiannual programme can help enterprises strengthen their competitiveness in specific terms.
These legal instruments cannot, however, include provisions to legalise criminal actions.
For us to tackle the causes, however, and not continue just to fight against the symptoms, we need to provide help in the regions concerned and we need to resolve the whole issue of immigration, asylum and war refugees in the European Union by coming up with solutions which do justice to the immigrants but also to the host countries.
On the other hand, however, there is no force which can stop a desperate person.
I do regret, however, the fact that this action plan, and also the other action plans which have been drawn up, are characterised above all by measures aimed at control and repression.
Albania, and Kosovo in particular, are not yet regions at peace, however, which means that the repatriation of refugees must take place in a controlled way, so that their safety is not jeopardised.
There is, however, one piece of good news: financial compensation has been extended to the end of this year, although it is just a drop in the ocean.
El Aaiún is not, however, situated in Morocco but in Western Sahara, which is occupied by Morocco.
On this point, however, the Commission was not in agreement with the assistants.
I feel bound to say, however, that we could easily fill up Friday' s agenda, if we were to deal with all existing similar cases of discrimination in this Chamber, especially those based on gender.
The report also contains some criticism, however, of the French proposal.
Much as we approved of the Portuguese initiative, however, we insist on a broader revision of the Europol Convention and indeed on mechanisms to ensure both democratic accountability and judicial control of Europol.
I should also like to make it clear, however, that when lawyers fulfil the same functions as banks and financial service providers, then there is obviously no reason to protect that part of their activities.
Without doubt, the initiative of the French Presidency, on which Mr Marinho has taken a stance, is the right initiative; however, the same holds true of Mr Marinho' s attempt to introduce stricter rules.
Our primary concern, however, relates to the extension of Europol' s competences.
In reality, however, it is not all as simple as that.
All of this illegally acquired money is, however, laundered and put into circulation in the legal economy. That is also the aim of organised crime and in this way organised crime and laundered money damage the legal economy of the European Union.
We can only tackle the situation as a whole, however, if we have a combination of several instruments to combat money laundering.
With regard to a compromise situation on this issue, there are two options: either the article in question refers to people who concentrate on certain activities and does not need to mention lawyers or any other professional category, or it refers to lawyers, creating a situation which in itself threatens professional confidentiality, however much the article specifies or defines the activities to which it refers.
To be frank, however, I do not think that this initiative is the appropriate occasion to be adopting decisions in this field.
In two areas, however, crucial mistakes are being made, first of all when it comes to the very process of making criminal law into a supranational affair.
Mr Bethell, your point has nothing to do with the approval of the Minutes but I can, however, readily inform you that the Conference of Presidents voted to give this year' s Sakharov Prize to the 'Basta Ya' association.
For all that, however, today' s debate, in my opinion, is a far cry from being needless repetition.
I am convinced, however, that the Charter will make its mark most especially by the strength of its content.
Transparency was no substitute, however, for the democratic deficit, as the NGOs were only given five minutes to speak and their points were only rarely taken into consideration.
It is also, however, a text whose content we can be proud of, as it is well balanced.
I would, however, urge them to read the text carefully.
It goes well beyond the texts with which we identify in political terms but which, from the viewpoint of the legal instrument implementing them, even if they, of course, are based on common policies, do not, however, in legal terms define any real rights which might, eventually, be recognised by a judge.
It is also important, however, that the EU should subscribe to the Conventions on Human Rights.
Despite all that, however, there is a major source of dissatisfaction.
It must of course be pointed out, however, that the Charter is only the starting point and not the finishing line.
There are, however, other effects, particularly on our internal legal system.
In the immediate future, however, it would be inconceivable if, on the very day on which the Heads of State and Government are to formally proclaim the Charter, they were to fail to make reference to it in Article 6(2) of the Treaties.
Let me repeat, however, that if we had from the outset insisted that the Charter must be binding, then the text would have been disappointing.
We must, however, also beware, as your report wisely emphasises, of setting new, extravagant conditions on Turkish candidature.
It must, however, be acknowledged that the funding allocated to Turkey since then has not always reflected the level of commitments which the Union made at that time.
Progress has been made, however, particularly in the course of the last year, and I am pleased to see the increase announced by the Commission in appropriations allocated to this country.
As you know, however, this pre-accession aid will be more particularly intended to help Turkey achieve the objectives laid down in the future accession partnership agreement.
Without prejudice to the debate due to start this week, I think I may safely say, however, that the Commission has presented a very constructive and very demanding proposal, both for the European Union and for Turkey.
As far as the content is concerned, there is little to say against this motion. Unfortunately, however, a number of people are using the motions on Armenia and the massacre of the Armenians as a pretext to question, in a roundabout way, the very notion of Turkey's joining the European Union.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Morillon I must congratulate you on your report. Unfortunately, however, you have not, and therefore we have not, managed to solve all the problems.
It is a clear fact, just as it is clear that Turkey, like any civilised society, should get used to the idea of facing up to its past, however terrible it may have been.
The twentieth century has, however, proved the extent to which forms of constructivism and state control, cut off from reality, and ideologies of all sort could lead to disaster.
In countries whose legislation is more favourable to workers, however, the Charter may be cited to oppose the national legislation in courts of law.
We believe, however, that these rights can be guaranteed by bodies other than the European Union.
Let me reiterate today, however, that we all have every reason to be proud of the conditions in which we have entered this phase, which is so crucial for Europe.
I believe, however, that these rights can be guaranteed by bodies other than the European Union.
There is, however, no mention of social obligations relating to the right to property.
Given that only have two options, my decision is unequivocally to vote in favour of the step forward which this Charter represents, however small that step forward may be in terms of the content and scope of the text.
We must, however, stand firmly against any campaign for a legally binding Charter that would only create legal uncertainty.
At the same time, however, it is clear from Mr Morillon's report that Turkey is nowhere near meeting these demands.
At the same time, however, I feel we must not paint the situation blacker than it actually is.
There are also, however, the other 'aspects' of Barcelona, the economic and financial aspect on the one hand, and the social, cultural and human aspect on the other.
These populations, however, are already suffering under the weight of the debt, the drop in the price of raw materials and imposed structural actions.
What is much more serious, however, at the very moment when we are calmly exchanging points of view, often very divergent ones, within this Chamber, more and more Palestinians are being killed.
It is good that, in this year' s Budget, EUR 175 million is being set aside for Kosovo and EUR 200 million for emergency aid for Serbia. It is very unfortunate, however, that the appropriations to the UN' s administration in Kosovo, to the Baltic region and to the rapid reaction facility have been put in the reserves.
Although it is still too early to assess the features of the future agreement in relation to the expectations of the sector, the Council can, however, assure Mrs Izquierdo Rojo that the Community' s priority is to safeguard the interests of the Community sector as regards the practice of sustainable fishing in Moroccan waters.
There are, naturally, measures concerning energy (the White Paper, the SAVE programme, EUR 1 billion from the Fifth Research Programme, alternative energy etc.). Despite all this, however, all the forecasts predict that the EU' s overall energy dependence (gas, oil, coal and uranium) will increase in the future.
It must, however, obey the same basic principles from a legal and institutional point of view.
What is perhaps worse, however, is that it may contribute to a renationalisation of agricultural policy.
I would like to point out, however, that at this stage we should not be embarking on a regulated economy in the pig industry.
The reality as described in the annual report is, however, more sobering.
As a representative of these net payers, however, I am really rather disappointed in the Commission' s performance.
Problems still lie ahead on this road, however, such as the overly-long transitional period laid down for the reform of the Financial Regulation. We are in a period that is bad for everyone, including those responsible for payments, in which we have an old system, a new system and an intermediate period in which there is a certain feeling of confusion.
The Commission does, however, share the view that the principle is important as a background for the revision of the directive, and a reference to this principle could therefore be made in the first recital of the directive.
In the case of some of these amendments, however, in particular Amendments Nos 2, 15, 22, 25, 31 and the second part of Amendment No 27, further editorial changes might improve the text.
There will not, however, be any discussion of this, but you can make a short personal statement.
As far as human rights are concerned, however, the report confines itself to 'encouraging the Turkish Government' , 'calling' on it to do better, without European countries ever threatening it, even if only to stop delivering arms.
I also think, however, that it is very important to emphasise that it is now no longer merely a question of discharges into the atmosphere but also of discharges into the water and the earth.
Sickness insurance is, of course, a national responsibility and systems differ from one another. It is true, however, that the growing number of elderly people and the growing demands upon the health sector mean that the systems are coming under financial pressure.
Despite all the commitments that the Council gave recently at the Lisbon Summit, however, and despite the emphasis it placed on the existing correlation between economic and social progress, the proposals that have been presented are little more than face-saving measures with regard to the countless promises to fight for the eradication of poverty. In fact, the proposal for a Community programme presented by the Commission to foster cooperation between the Member States in the field of combating social exclusion is little more than a study programme.
Underlying inflation, however, is still only 1.4%, which means we can consider oil to be the basic and fundamental cause of this situation.
The average will, however, be much closer to 2%, which, as I have said, is the target of the Central Bank' s monetary policy.
As I stated earlier, however, the safe use of meat-and-bone meal is conditional on the required controls being respected and implemented in full.
Let me assure you, however, that if and when I consider that a ban on the feeding of meat-and-bone meal to all animals is a necessary measure to protect public health, I will present such a proposal irrespective of the obstacles.
You do not, however, want to accept the principle of doing away with animal feedingstuffs that contain the remains of other animals...
Monitoring can never be anything more than monitoring, however, and if there is still even the slightest possibility that there may have been fraud or embezzlement, or errors of use, this doubt, however tiny it may be, sticks in people' s minds and sometimes brings the entire sector into disrepute.
I cannot currently see, however, how it will be possible, given the resources available to each of the Member States, to carry out 28 million tests a year, in either technical or financial terms with any degree of effectiveness. What is more, these tests, however good they are, will still leave a margin of doubt since even the best tests, and these have been highlighted, only make it possible to detect the presence of the disease in the last months of incubation, just before it turns into the full-blown disease, and not right at the start.
As a result of the stability and growth plan, however, we have also launched the so-called stability programmes.
The objective of the Commission' s action is to establish the legal safety and regulatory stability the industry needs in order to develop, which is so far lacking. The Commission also intends to set the minimum compatibility criteria without, however, wishing to harmonise the aid schemes whose diversity is a reflection of the cultural diversity that the Commission seeks to preserve.
I believe, however, that social exclusion and poverty are caused by social conditions and that responsibility is therefore shared.
It is imperative, however, that Member States engage fully with this programme and consult widely with civil society to establish ambitious targets for eliminating poverty and exclusion.
That is not enough, however, since education policy too must be included, especially in view of the fact that, when knowledge is as important as it is in the new society, everyone must have access to it.
First, however, I would like to make some preliminary comments about promoting renewables.
The key issue, however, that divides us is the question of the binding nature of the targets.
In the few cases in which civil society and women have taken part in formal peace negotiations, it has, however, been successful, for example in South Africa, Guatemala and Cambodia.
The situation is also particularly difficult for women, however, if they still have to fight for recognition and for equal rights in practice.
The problem with a report like this, however, is that it does not list its many proposals in order of priority.
We are therefore easily in danger, however, of just moving on to the next subject once the vote has taken place.
I have sought in vain at European level for an all-encompassing study that could give us an idea of the scale of the sector and the problems within it, the regulations - however incomplete they may be - in the European countries, the pilot projects, and any experiments that may have been instigated by the left or right, but I have to say that there was nothing to be found in the Commission.
To demand, as proposed in the report, that the Member States use a directive or some other form of legislation both to adjust prices and to offer tax deductions for domestic services would, however, be to send out a completely wrong signal.
Here we are sending out the right signal to the citizens by radically cutting the list of these exceptions in our Amendment No 30, but, personally speaking, I find it most regrettable that we have only managed to simplify and clarify matters on this particular issue, however important it is, and not in the regulation as a whole.
This afternoon, however, I have to give a talk.
I too would move that the vote be postponed to the November II part-session. First, however, there is just one point I would like to add.
The basic problem will not be solved simply by having a European food authority and belated one-off legislative measures, however positive they may be, such as the ban on meat meal in all animal feedingstuffs.
We consider it crucial, however, for the Community budget to help implement the new safety measures imposed on stock-farmers, and especially on all those working in the beef sector who are hard hit by the loss of consumer confidence.
Unfortunately, however, good intentions do not make a policy, even one of condemnation.
One day Vietnam too was reunited, not peacefully however, but by the force of arms, and it was reunited under a Communist system, a dictatorship.
But we can see quite clearly in many states of Asia, including Burma which we just discussed - it is a parallel case - that economic reforms, trade and cooperation, however welcome, do not automatically bring more freedom or constitutional legality.
Apart from environmental problems, however, I should also like to comment on what we are able to do at the moment.
We shall, however, see losses in the banking industry in the future too.
Technical problems, however difficult, cannot obstruct the political objective of transparency.
I am of the view, however, that it is still too early to make a decision on the matter.
It is now firstly a question, however, of actually creating this Police College, and all political forces are together helping to achieve this goal.
The questions arise, however, of what this College is for and of what tasks and objectives it has.
I also wish to make it clear, however, that what we are talking about here is not the creation of a European police force.
The fact that the Commission is not playing a central role in this process, however, does not mean that we will not be paying close attention to the process, doing all that we can to ensure that it is a success, and I am convinced that this project will help to improve security in the area of freedom, security and justice, since freedom and justice can only exist in an environment of genuine security.
It is worth saying, however, that the issue of civil judicial cooperation was communitised by the Treaty of Amsterdam.
Other equally important sports organisations, however, such as the national Olympic committees, for example, or national sports federations, have specifically insisted on the need to develop Community actions for the promotion of sport.
In other words, to put it plainly, it is the consequence of an attack on democracy, however hard we try to avoid seeing it in this light.
Now, however, what is happening is completely the opposite.
I therefore feel that the European delegation at the Conference in The Hague was right to adopt this hard line. Now, however, we must, as a matter of urgency, work on a new draft declaration.
From all we have heard, we must assume that the US Senate will not ratify the Kyoto protocol, however hard we compromise.
I should not, however, like to enter into personal squabbles, and I think we should refrain from that sort of completely negative discussion.
Let us conclude, however, on a hopeful note.
Clearly, however, there are many losers following a conference of this kind.
I am bound to regret the fact, however, that the will of some ministers of the 15 Member States has been directed more towards racing to attend press conferences than creating a genuine spirit of unity that will guarantee a global policy on climate change.
As usual, however, commitments have not been kept.
According to how one sees the matter, however, what is being prepared now is a change to this balance and an increase in the representation of the larger countries, both in the Council and in Parliament.
Apparently, however, it is the French Government which is needlessly stonewalling on this issue.
This time, however, it is paradoxically the prospect of an emerging consensus that is causing us political headaches.
Since we are talking about Turkey, however, I should like to point out that a Member of Parliament from my group, Mrs Uca, was representing my group until yesterday at the congress of one of Turkey' s Kurdish parties, HADEP.
We are fully aware that with regard to Kosovo and Montenegro, with regard to Yugoslavia' s relations with its neighbouring countries and to its obligations to the International Court of Justice, much remains to be done or resolved. What it does mean, however, is that the European Union did consider it to be crucial to commit fully itself to supporting this movement towards democracy until it has completely achieved its objectives, until it is consolidated and can then wholeheartedly commit itself to redefining a new policy for Yugoslavia, particularly with regard to its neighbours.
This is not, however, going to put us off.
I shall simply say, however, that these shortcomings and weaknesses have existed for a long time and that until now, no one in politics has shown any concern about this, at least at European level.
The report, however, also brings a democratic framework into play, and I should like to lay particular emphasis on that here.
There is, however, a European level of security policy, and the European Parliament acts as a budgetary authority for security expenditure at that level.
This, however, depends on a completely different set of conditions.
As it takes shape, the CFSP will experience numerous ups and downs; however, it will help realise our dream of a political Europe.
I am very proud however of the Irish agreement and the Irish contribution.
The progress that we are making in this field must, however, make us extremely thorough.
The implementation of this reform clearly reflects the difficulties we are facing, but we know that this exercise, however difficult, is a vital one.
It does, however, constitute the first stage of a wider discussion launched by Commission President Prodi himself, concerning what is called the governance of the Union.
We do fear, however, that the required degree of courage is still lacking in certain areas.
This is not enough, however, to improve the implementation of actions and of available appropriations.
The more appalling thing, however, is that we knew all of this before the Erika sank.
In responding favourably to this acceleration of the timetable, our group has not, however, given up on the fundamental demands for the enhanced safety of the marine environment.
The revisions of the directives concerning port and ship inspections should get rid of the lame ducks as far as the classification societies are concerned and appreciably increase the number of inspectors in the Member States, provided, however, that the latter provide adequate resources to achieve this.
I am convinced, however, that it is vitally important in the context of maritime accidents to consider the whole chain of responsibility and to examine every aspect of the matter.
There is, however, still much to be done to improve safety at sea.
Amendment No 18 introduces port state control in relation to the seafarers' rest period, however the enforcement of the provisions in respect of seafarers' hours of work is already fully covered by existing Directive 99/95.
The lengthy transitional period during which single-hull vessels will still be able to sail is to be regretted, however, even though the scope of the measure is such as to justify the gradual rate of their withdrawal. We must pay the greatest attention to amendments to the timetable for withdrawing the oldest ships which may be proposed by the Council.
On the crucial issue of the institutions, however, the proposal of a satisfactory all-round formula is to its credit.
This resignation, the outcome of a long process of deterioration, must not however make us forget that the 'Delors Commission' bore heavier responsibilities than its successor.
The proposals contained in the White Paper, which are to a large extent drawn from the second report of the Committee of Independent Experts, should make it possible for the Commission to equip itself with the optimum organisational structure and operating methods so as to fulfil to the best of its ability the tasks assigned to it by the Treaties, without, however, encouraging it to exceed the limits of its prerogatives as defined in the Treaty, which has all too often been the case in the past.
The Union for a Europe of Nations Group, however, forcefully recalls that, as regards staff recruitment, the Commission reform must take account of the diversity of opinions and beliefs which are expressed in our countries regarding Europe, its past and its future.
The Union for a Europe of Nations Group does not at this stage wish to express any opposition to the early retirement of hundreds of officers from the Commission services provided, however, that the statutory provisions are respected, that the early retirement measures do not hinder the priorities of the reform, that these retirements have a neutral impact on the budget, that they are implemented in the interest of the service and under volunteer termination of service and do not give rise to a political settling of scores.
On the other hand, however, the people of Europe are waiting to see what we think.
By merging three pre-existing directives, we are obviously staying strictly within the boundaries of improving the operation of the internal market without, however, renouncing forging ahead with a harm-reduction strategy and curbing a true scourge: smoking, which is costly in both social and economic terms.
We are of the opinion, however, that there are very significant differences between the issue of tobacco advertising and this directive.
History teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal - however noble and virtuous - as superior to the agreed rules.
The key difference, however, between previous and current reductions in tar ceilings is simply that previous reductions in tar ceilings were limited to the EU.
I simply do not understand why a majority here in Parliament want to propose more lenient rules for exports than those proposed by the Member States' own governments - the governments which, however, also represent the many industries referred to.
I must concede, however, that the Council was not prepared to compromise further here either.
I am also pleased, however, that we have succeeded in clamping down on germ-line gene therapy.
What we have agreed with the Council and the Commission and, of course, with Parliament's Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, so as to avoid a second reading and allow these programmes to continue without a break, thereby avoiding any gaps, is to extend the four programmes by two years, as the Commission has requested; however, the money will only be released a year at a time, so that if the new health programme is approved and enters into force in the meantime, there will be no need for an extension and the money can be used for the second year.
Now, however, most of us agree, and that, I think, is a good thing.
This mechanism does not, however, appear to be appropriate.
It requires, however, a more detailed study in relation to European legislation as regards asylum and immigration for the natives of third countries to the Union.
That does not mean, however, that things have been easy.
By making this cooperation more flexible, however, we are enabling it to be used properly.
This inward-looking backdrop of reciprocal failure to make concessions does offer some small progress on justice and home affairs, however, although it has to be said that most of this progress has been deferred until after 2004.
Nice does, however, include a declaration on the future of the Union which gives me cause for some optimism.
The substantial majority in this House, however, believe in it and the substantial majority in this House appreciate why it has worked.
My congratulations must end there, however, as I am sorry that you did not apply this stamina to the subjects that were entrusted to you.
We believe, however, that a couple of questions need to be analysed more thoroughly and would present the following points of view.
Unfortunately, however, for the European Parliament, the shortcomings in the Treaty have been exacerbated.
In practice, however, compromises have been found on the basis of the lowest common denominator.
Parliament's ambition does not, however, mean that it lacks a sense of responsibility.
We must not lose our sense of environmental direction by promoting small, local measures, however badly they may be needed, or by blindly shelling out money to institutions which appear to produce little in the way of results, which applies, in my view, to the European Environment Agency in Copenhagen.
We have, however, tried a boycott policy, and that had no effect on this war.
This is, however, I believe, the road we must take.
Now, however, we must also prepare the way carefully.
The internal challenges facing Indonesia are, however, enormous and complex, as revealed by more recent events.
It is interesting that several countries, however much they protest about fraud, still have not signed up to the Convention on the Protection of the Communities' Financial Interests.
There are, however, a number of difficulties with regard to the legal basis for setting up OLAF.
It would, however, be easier to solve the problem of which supervisory authority is to have jurisdiction.
For amounts below EUR 1 000, however, there is no need for harmonisation since this does not affect the European market and on the basis of subsidiarity no European right of resale should apply.
Unfortunately, however, we have now reached the point at which we can no longer defer this discussion.
What is unacceptable, however, is for the cost of the service to be identical in every country, given the differences in geography and population density.
It is not, however, possible to enable everyone to access these modes of transmission in the framework of unfettered competition.
When I was the Minister for the Environment in Britain I was responsible for producing a rural White Paper, which dealt with some of the problems relating to rural post offices, so I do not take messages from the Labour Party, however nicely spoken by Mr Simpson.
British Conservatives support Commissioner Bolkestein and we intend to consider, in the course of this debate - and subsequently as the debate proceeds and as the amendments are considered - whether we will vote against the further compromise, however much I respect and regard Mr Ferber's report as a compromise in the face of many difficulties.
With regard to most amendments, however, I must say that very little is left of the original proposal, which the Commission presented in May.
The Commission takes the view, however, that this directive is not the right place for these ideas to be enshrined.
Members of Parliament cannot simply let their hearts rule their heads and adopt legislation for which there is no legal basis, however commendable their motives.
As mentioned in the report, however, it is essential that there should also be an annual extension of the financial appropriation and that the necessary measures should be taken to ensure a problem-free transition while the new programme is drawn up.
Our position, however, is that national prosecuting powers must not be affected by the creation of the post of European Public Prosecutor.
There are, however, some which cannot be supported under any circumstances.
It must remain possible, however, to lower the tariff if it turns out to have a prohibitive effect on non-ACP supplier countries.
Thus, in 1992, an agreement was reached, at the time considered a minimum harmonisation, by which the standard rate for VAT could not be less than 15% and the Member States would have the power to apply one or more reduced rates of not less than 5%, with, however, derogations provided for in this case.
At the same time, however, we must pursue the line of revising the Chicago Convention of 1944 so that we establish a different system in the international area.
We need international agreements on environment taxes, but not, however, the ban on environment taxes which the Convention involves.
In the United States, however, social protection is largely the province of the private sector.
It seems to me, however, that a solution which will avoid a flight of capital from Europe is only achievable within the OECD framework and not through a collection of individually negotiated bilateral arrangements.
These discussions will prove very difficult, however, since the possibility of levying tax on aircraft fuel was not decided on at the previous general meeting.
I would, however, like to point out that current Community tax legislation does not allow for only national and intra-Community flights to be taxed.
Although the investigations into dumping do not consider the environmental aspect, which should, however, be considered in the wider context, I should like to point out that Community environmental legislation sets emission limits which must be respected both by producers and by the user industry, whatever the origin of the coke. So, whether the coke is from China or elsewhere, the environmental consequences are the same.
Out of a concern to ensure effective political scrutiny by Parliament, I have however made efforts to keep the European Parliament informed as far as possible. In particular, I informed your Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy of this initiative on 11 October 2000, and I am of course prepared to appear again before Parliament' s relevant committee in order to discuss this proposal.
These new legal powers, however, require a change in the European Treaty.
It is, however, up to Member States to identify possible needs for action and to set their priorities for the use of such instruments.
Certainly, to a degree; however, beneath it lies the nub of a serious problem.
What is required, however, is a level playing field.
As far as legislation is concerned, I would, however, like to prioritise and, initially, to opt for regulation of noise around airports.
My group, however, does not support the rapporteur's intention to use the directive to introduce limit values for ambient noise in the vicinity of airports.
Despite this, however, the European Union has been slow to apply a common policy on the subject of noise.
I believe, however, that Amendment No 36 is not the most sensible way to go about this.
One thing is crystal-clear, Mrs Scheele: you are still very young, but however many years you spend in Parliament, you will never get a daughter directive on aviation noise!
I have problems, however, with Amendment No 10 and Amendments Nos 36 and 37, which would bring the specific matter of aviation noise into the framework directive, thereby forestalling the daughter directive.
We should however try to avoid this type of assessment.
These mills here, however, are grinding too slowly for my liking.
The inspection of foodstuffs and animal feed, however, is the prerogative of the Member States.
We stress, however, that we shall continue to keep a critical eye on developments and that we shall again respond to any problems in the appropriate manner.
A coherent and sustainable approach to urban development policies may, however, significantly improve the quality of life in cities and towns.
The Commission wants to stress however that this framework is not about the implementation of projects at ground level.
In this specific instance, however, and on the basis that it will facilitate the adoption at first reading, the Commission has exceptionally agreed to accept an increase of the financial scope of the proposal to EUR 14 m without the provision of additional resources.
For many years in this Parliament I have supported the principle of gradual controlled liberalisation of postal services with a view to creating an effective single market in the postal domain. This support, however, has been conditional on the preservation of a high quality universal service.
I am afraid, however, that this Fatuzzo amendment was rejected.
We have, however, reservations on Amendments Nos 6, 7, 11, 15, 16, 25 and 26, as we do not exclude the possibility of a tariff-only system in the future.
What the text says about the necessary linguistic and cultural customisation is, however, sometimes frustrating: the encouragement to produce programmes on regional languages and on the "ethnic minorities" that are represented in the Union is a decision whose predictable consequences are the gradual erosion of national identities.
No Member State, however, proposed the social exception to preserve the aspects of its own social legislation that are the least unfavourable to workers or to oppose the privatisation of public services.
It should, however, be emphasised that the strong endorsement of EU enlargement, highlighted by Amendment 1, which was adopted, I wholeheartedly subscribe to.
This method of calculation, however, is based on the implicit assumption that there is a single European people, which is not the case.
In time, however, this will not be enough, because the ultra-federal hard core will make the democratic deficit in Europe worse.
The governments, however, remained deaf to what the public was saying.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.
There are, however, a number of issues on which I would wish to comment.
Therefore, innovative factors like this one, however humble, must not be undervalued by anyone.
On one point, however, I tend to support the line taken by the Commission.
Shipbuilding, however, is still in a serious crisis, as a result of dumping by the Koreans.
Operating aid has not, however, solved the problems of the shipyard industry.
That is not enough, however: we must give our determined support to the UNHCR, both in political and economic terms, to ensure there is a balance between the issues of predictability, flexibility and geographical location.
The issue of political prisoners remains, however, as several members have pointed out, an extremely important one.
I am glad, however - and Mrs Flemming referred to this case of discrimination - that women are no longer discriminated against in this way now.
Regarding the issue of when the new arrangements should come into force, the Commission is, however, prepared to consider transitional arrangements.
On the contrary, this form of evaluation should allow each establishment, however different in terms of its students or the methods or resources used, to meet all the risks of dropping out, to improve the intrinsic quality of education for everyone and to accept all pupils of all abilities by offering education which is tailored to the students' requirements and by allowing everyone to discover their own personal development needs.
There are many international studies which have thrown up difficulties, however, when it comes to making straight comparisons, because of differences in curriculum, approach and the underlying assumptions about what constitutes a good education.
I do however feel, ladies and gentlemen, that these provisions should be reincorporated, and I have therefore tabled two amendments to this effect on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.
There is, however, one area in which the Union has complete power over cultural heritage, namely agricultural policy.
External aid, however, is an area where we still see substantial problems.
Firstly, I would, however, like to direct my comments at you, as a member of the Bureau of Parliament.
My committee does not, however, believe that the criticism is so serious in nature that it needs to affect confidence in the ECB or cause the institution' s effectiveness to be questioned.
When it comes to everyday practice, however, the reality is all too often different.
Even in those countries, however, there is a tendency to cut back on the resources allocated to education and, more generally, to public services in favour of other budgetary expenditure, mainly aid and grants given to corporations or, rather, their owners.
To achieve this, however, we must respect all the diversity of our various heritages, all our differences, and the only way to do this is to invoke the subsidiarity principle.
It is obvious, however, that classifying sites as world heritage sites is not enough.
There are, however, a few points from which we would disassociate ourselves.
We must not, however, have harmonisation for harmonisation' s sake and, in other areas, the Member States' criminal law and administration of justice are national concerns.
People are not accounts; their consciences cannot be bought off and however much you try to embellish the facts, you still have to contend with the people.
That principle too causes problems, however, because much more than families' social welfare is financed through tax.
That is why I think it is a good idea to try to get the Member States to continually assess the effects upon frontier workers whenever they change tax and social security legislation. In my opinion, we cannot, however, require governments to compensate frontier workers financially for changes in legislation.
We also have a situation, however, in which a degree of impunity reigns.
I have, however, tried not to reinvent the wheel.
These factors are, first, that the CAP, especially in its post-1992 form and following Agenda 2000, does not safeguard a viable income for most small or medium-sized farming households, or a survival income for the heads of these households, which is why no one wants to invest anything at all in the farming sector, however many grants there may be - not that there are that many - because not only is it unprofitable, it does not even afford a basic income.
A re-vamped farm retirement scheme, installation aid and other measures may not, however, achieve our desired objective and in my view the problem must be revisited as a matter of urgency, otherwise the continuity of family farming will be put at serious risk.
Significantly, 70% of the students, however, come from farming families, so there is still that link.
What is important, however - as transpired last year - is that on the basis of the budget discipline considerations, and other considerations, this option was not available for a while. That is point one.
In practice, however, I have noticed that all hell has broken loose, not just in my own country but - I assume - in other countries too.
This legislation is not, however, applicable to exports of waste from the Swedish mining company, Boliden to Chile during the 1980s because Sweden was not an EU Member at that time.
Much still remains to be done, however, since in November 2000 only 3 of the inspection team' s 28 recommendations had been formally closed.
With regard to the substance, however, national and even regional differences within the Member States were seen to be more intense than the rather traditional political differences, and that is why a number of amendments were tabled.
We see now, however, that these cards were not played.
This report is due to be submitted to the Commission by 31 May 2001. The date for payment may, however, have to be postponed if major problems are encountered in the organisation of Guinea-Bissau' s administration, that is, its government, following this armed conflict.
It really is time we started thinking about and naming alternatives, however drastic they may be, because aid cannot and should not be a permanent solution.
What is of particular concern, however, is the information that we have received not only on the delay in the fishing agreements with Angola, but also on the difficulties in renewing the fishing agreement with Morocco. We need more than just a rehashed explanation.
The actual debate on reform will, however, not start until the Commission's Green Paper has been submitted within the next few months although, quite understandably, representatives of highly disparate fisheries interests in the European Union are already trying to influence the preparatory process within the Commission.
We did, however, make good use of the time up to Christmas, with one technical discussion a week in either Brussels or Rabat.
We also hope, however, that the Commission will state to what extent it will be willing to provide political support for Bangladesh in order to overcome the problems to which I referred earlier.
In the interests of the greatest possible transparency on the issue, views are, however, being exchanged within relevant consultative bodies.
I should, however, state that to date, the Council has not received a single scientific report establishing a link between these illnesses and the use of depleted uranium weapons.
I do not however believe that it would be right, at a formal sitting like today' s, simply to pass on the sum total of information currently available without putting it in the actual context we find ourselves in.
I also want to state, however, that we cannot and must not be satisfied with this. Let me reiterate that the Council and I are fully committed to pursuing the investigation of this matter through to the end.
Madam President, under Rule 37 of our Rules of Procedure, the Council and the Commission may ask to make a statement to the European Parliament; however it is up to the President of the European Parliament, it is specifically up to you to organise the debate.
At the same time, however, we are aware that there is no proof yet of the existence of such a link.
We hear, however, that the deployed weapons set off chemical processes on impact, processes which result in the creation of uranium oxide, for example, and which may pose problems.
I would, however, like to respond to some of the statements that have been made in order to prevent any misunderstandings.
All of this, however, can only be achieved or become achievable if the facility really is able to respond rapidly.
We would support it here, however, if Amendments Nos 5 and 6 were adopted.
The second, however, would be an oral amendment.
These exports, however, are almost exclusively the work of the major companies, mostly Western, which have set up factories in this country.
At the same time, however, we would emphasise that it is in practice impossible to separate desirable civil intervention from unacceptable military intervention.
It does, however, stipulate that the interventions must have a "short life span" .
That, however, is not a problem that specifically concerns frontier workers.
I think it necessary, however, to highlight the following points which the Commission does not seem to have emphasised sufficiently.
What I do want to say, however, is that I deplore the attitude displayed by Mr Solana here this morning.
As for the second objective, a few general, abstract references are made to existing assistance programmes which, however you look at it, are of limited scope, while there appears to be no sign of any intention to engage in new, efficient intervention at the level of real needs, as circumstances requires.
In many respects, the EU has a good policy on human rights. What, however, is missing is a coherent and consistent strategy for the way in which the work on promoting this is to be carried out.
A community based on respect for, and defence of, human rights, such as the EU, should, however, be able to achieve a more consistent, determined policy on human rights than is the case at present.
You do, however, have recognised experience in the areas of democracy and transparency, and that is what we need at this moment in time.
Irrespective of their political complexion, present-day EU governments have, however, made the adaptation to EMU their priority, rather than welfare and the fight against unemployment.
The greatest disappointment among Sweden' s actions is probably, however, the militarisation of the EU.
It could, however, serve as the blueprint for a workable procedure.
The Minister of Commerce in Sweden, Mr Pagrotsky, has, however, described the Tobin tax (as it is called) as a nice idea, and the Prime Minister has expressed his sympathetic understanding of those who, by organising riots and disturbances, sabotaged the WTO meeting in Seattle.
All was not entirely well, however - for example, when it came to the complicated rules concerning codecision making.
This means, however, that we should reinforce convergence and incentive instruments.
We will also be happy to receive you as guests in our somewhat cold and distant country, a country which, however, will be full of warmth and fellowship on such occasions. Of that I can assure you.
The Swedish Government has stated that it wants to see such a charge, but only if a unanimous decision on this can be reached which, however, is the same thing as no decision at all.
That is why I also say quite plainly: however much we can agree with large sections of the report, we do not consider it appropriate for Parliament to introduce its own detailed provisions into this regulation in certain areas under the heading, for instance, of "one cabin crew member operations" or length of experience, i.e. how long someone has already served as a cabin crew member.
There are, however, different views on how to achieve greater safety.
This, however, is a far cry from the laughable measures proposed by the Commission and by this report.
The condition, however, is that we stop believing that road safety depends primarily on how well road users behave or remain in control of themselves.
As there are plans, however, for a combination of fares and taxes, we have to take care that we are not simply left with a system of taxation.
Conditions vary regionally, however, to a significant extent, so the same bases for charges cannot apply everywhere.
I would, however, like to come back to some points I think worth emphasising to make the report as effective as possible.
We should not, however, close our eyes to one political stumbling block in all this.
On the other hand, however, we must also influence drivers.
A great deal, however, remains to be done.
In the Scandinavian countries too, however, there are very few women in management posts, particularly at the highest level.
All these women, however, are qualified. Women should not only bear up half of heaven, they should also accept responsibility for decisions concerning our whole world.
This has been largely inadequate, however, bearing in mind the contents of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, where decision making on policy is taken into account only with regard to European Parliament or local elections.
As regards economic equality in general, and decision making in particular, however, the problem is much more serious and much more extensive.
I think this is related to the fact that we are not managing our time well enough and that we should perhaps also change and reassess a number of ways in which the House operates. I believe, however, that cutting the part-session to four days is the main reason for all these departures from the agenda.
Now whatever decision was taken and however we voted in that decision, a democratic decision was taken by the House and the next opportunity to change that will arise when we discuss the calendar for 2002.
In Ireland, however, the fall has only been by 13%.
Since then, however, I have received apologies from a great number of members who intended to take part in this debate.
We should beware, however, of imposing justice on other states, especially if such proceedings might unravel a political truce or accommodation that has brought peace or stability to the region and promises a better future.
In addition to this, however, account must be taken of the requirements of stability and the country' s future.
I do not think, however, that the problems we are basically discussing are about the good or bad treatment of offenders.
Turkey, however, did exactly the opposite, confirming yet again that it is indeed a problematic country.
Perhaps, politically, it helps those who we say want an economic Europe; however, it does not help the political Europe which interests the European Parliament.
The violence, however, produces new victims every month.
I therefore think that we need to concentrate resources, we need to make better use of resources, we need to call for better administration both on the part of the Commission and of the Member States and regions; however, that must not cause us to forget one basic fact: that more people will want a slice of the cake after enlargement and as far as I am concerned, Commissioner, it is vital that we increase the size of the cake, that we increase the resources of the Structural Funds after 2006.
Let me specify, nonetheless, that the Berlin Financial Perspective made provision to set aside some EUR 39.5 billion for the candidate countries likely to join before 2006, to enable them to be integrated into the current cohesion policy. After 2006, however, they will of course be entitled, like the current Member States, to participate in a policy which will probably be rather different.
In response to your question, however, I should like to point out that we have pre-accession instruments and that these are what we should be using, when the time comes, to carry accession through successfully.
What I do know, however, is that if we retain the criterion of per capita income - which I hope we do, since it is an objective criterion - then the average Community GDP is going to drop as a result of enlargement.
The fact remains, however, that some regions currently covered by Objective 1, which are currently enjoying a good level of development even though this is still below average, are liable to find that they are above average following enlargement.
I shall, however, remain at your service, as you know, in the weeks and months to come in order to continue this discussion.
What we need, however, is many small projects.
While we all see the need to relaunch the partnership, there is, however, a divergence in the options we favour.
On the other hand - and unfortunately - we must note, however, that sufficient means are not being made available to find an appropriate destination for this aid, since, in the period 1995-1999, almost 30% of the budgeted aid was not implemented.
I want to see negotiations with Algeria, Lebanon and Syria pursued vigorously this year, however the ratification process in the Member States is lamentably slow.
Unfortunately, however, 2000 ended without us being able to achieve peace.
It is also true, however, that some are attempting to read a complementarity-based approach into this Council declaration with regard to 'Plan Colombia' .
Unfortunately however, this whole period has been characterised by a conspicuous absence of peace.
This in no way contravenes our customs or practices and the political groups' rights of initiative remain inviolate; with regard to your second question, however, I am not in a position to give you an answer at the present time, but according to the information available to the Bureau, nothing has been withdrawn.
At the same time, however, we have to ensure that the trans-European transport networks also extend to more sparsely populated and remote regions.
It is a pity, however, that we failed to discuss whether we needed more export promotion and, if so, what for, and to go into this whole question in more detail.
These dates set should not, however, mean that the Commission should not have an ongoing obligation to keep Parliament up to date on the progress of the action programme.
Luckily that is not the case however, and the Commission is to be given powers to negotiate improvements in the technical specifications.
We also need to reflect however if these changes can be properly enforced.
Again, however there are important issues which need to be addressed.
On the other hand, however, Agenda 2000 does not implement measures for the development of large-scale livestock breeding either.
On this occasion, however, they are by and large innocent victims of a situation beyond their control.
There is no doubt that the older cattle, however painful it is, have to be taken out of the food chain.
I also think it is important, however, that we now obtain a provisional ban on the use of the other five substances.
At the same time, however, it means that there is vital need for us to develop European and national policies to address the problems caused by new methods of production and distribution.
In the publishing world, however, not only is production important, but so is consumption.
The recent tragic accidents in England, however, and the many accidents on privatised networks, such as the German network, are constant emphatic reminders of the damage that is done by privatising this public service.
As I have already told this Chamber, while the Swiss Lotschberg-Simplon and St. Gotthard project is making progress, the Turin-Lyons project suffered considerable delays at the planning stage; however, we now have a coherent sense of purpose for this century through the Trans-European Transport Network.
The only way to take the first step towards peace, however, is to condemn the paramilitary groups and to enter into dialogue with the FARC and ELN.
I have received no requests for amendments to the agenda for Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday; however, Mr McMillan-Scott has asked to be allowed to speak.
Amendment No 14 does not tie in with this, however, and I therefore cannot support it.
At the same time, however, the European Union has to monitor and react to legislation introduced by international organisations and, more to the point, it has to do so instantly, so that the Member States do not appear to be shirking their international obligations.
At the same time, however, the European Commission has opted for a procedure which ensures that it has the right to decide whether an international amendment to the regulations raises or lowers maritime safety standards.
I expected great things of this presidency, because it was genuinely extremely concerned. I was, however, deeply disappointed.
It is very important, however, as the rapporteur quite rightly points out in his report, that Parliament' s rights to take part in the regulatory procedure should be satisfactorily safeguarded.
Despite the fact that we are prepared to incorporate the prevention of pollution from ships in the name, we are not, however, able to incorporate protection of the marine environment in a generic sense.
It does not, however, have a legislative function.
There are others, however, which are much more complicated to implement, such as, for example, harmonising the size of tunnels so that they may all have the same standard measurements.
This regulation for 2001 is necessary, however painful, if there is to be a cod fisheries at all in the Irish Sea.
In the long term, however, it is definitely not a win-win situation from which we all stand to gain.
However, no administration can be expected to cope with so much stress for very long, however genuinely necessary the changes are.
There has been talk of two and a half million jobs created last year and we have heard President Prodi say that two thirds of these went to women: I believe that what President Prodi has shown us is an excellent result, which should however also be evaluated on the level, dear President, of territorial distribution within Europe.
Such unseemly haste, such over-excitement, must not, however, be seen as a substitute for due consideration.
If we wish to pursue this route, however, it is not useful to condemn the behaviour of the Council in this or that instance.
We suppose that this will foreshadow the debate to be held on one of the items in Annex IV, on the distribution of competences. I should however at this early stage like to draw your attention to one point.
However, since Tampere and until last week in Stockholm, the Council has insisted that we have to make progress, has insisted on putting the emphasis on what was decided at that European Council in Tampere. In my view, however, it is acting in an incomprehensible way.
Sometimes, however, employers take advantage of our young workers and force them to work unnecessarily long hours.
There is, however, a dangerous failure to address one question: in what context is network interoperability to be achieved?
For that, however, we have to set aside human and financial resources to actually implement the legislation in the Member States, particularly by increasing the number of inspectors.
The Commission' s programme for 2001, however, gives no hint of these dossiers being brought to a successful conclusion.
At the same time, however, we must guarantee wide public access in the interest of cultural diversity.
It is however regrettable that some unnecessary, unhelpful amendments have crept in at the last stage in committee.
We have, however, concerns about some of the other amendments which have been voted.
Three amendments, however, namely Amendments Nos 26, 27 and 28, are new.
Parliament can only be satisfied on those issues, however, when we see the additional legislation and flanking measures which I understand are now in preparation within the Commission.
Certain Members of the Council have, however, already made it clear that they will scrutinise individual applications for approval and may not allow commercialisation until legislation on traceability and labelling is in place.
Just as always in the past, however, new knowledge also entails new risks and increased responsibility.
The fact remains, however, that the Commission, acting on behalf of the Union, is probably the lead actor in all the activities to improve conditions of public health and to provide for decontamination and environmental protection.
He will understand, however, that without notice of that question I am hardly in a position to give him the detail that he would want on the specific environmental questions that he raises.
I will, however, respond to it in the interests of transparency.
They are however realistic given our starting point.
It is appropriate to bring these measures into place, however, only in circumstances where the breach has been persistent.
A period of 30 months is imposed on the Member States and they agree to it, but there are, however, some Member States that already apply a period of 24 months.
While there has been some improvement, amongst other things, in the biological monitoring of future affected areas, inasmuch as it is possible to actually identify such areas, this will, however, be at the discretion of the relevant authorities.
The rapporteur, however, is suggesting a second stage for mandatory limit values to apply from 2006.
A motorcycle, however, is a very different product from a car in technical terms.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendments Nos 3, 5, 6, 10, 11, 13, 15, 17, 23, 24, 25 or 26.
This list is, however, neither exhaustive nor prescriptive.
I must, however, also mention Amendment No 9 which was submitted later by the PPE-DE Group.
The reference to an ISO standard or to an authorised diagram, as the rapporteur proposes in Amendment No 10, would be preferable, bearing in mind, however, that we must ensure that size, shape and weight of the wheelchair, together with its occupant, are compatible with the physical characteristics of access areas.
That is the essence of my report, and it is also the essence of those paragraphs - which, however, have apparently now been called into question - which aim to ensure that Turkey has the same status as all the other candidates.
In the meantime, however, given the real framework drawn up by the Commission itself, we need to ask whether this suspensive clause will be anything more than an example of political hypocrisy.
Financial support for Turkey to boost those forces which want to move closer to Europe and achieve further improvements in democratic conditions must take place in tandem with observation of the human rights situation, however, and must not reduce the financial resources earmarked for other countries.
The truth, however, is that in recent times things have not been going well in this area in Turkey, where human rights are still being violated.
In the EU budget, however, pre-accession aid to Turkey, as with Cyprus and Malta also, has been placed under Heading 4, "External Action" .
Turkey must make a choice, however: a choice between the future and a past characterised by ethnic oppression, torture, the death penalty and absence of legal security.
That would disarm our advocacy, however prophetic, of the virtues of the European economic and social model.
The US economic climate, however, is keeping Europe on tenterhooks.
Parliament's Rules of Procedure however state that Members must declare their direct financial interests if they are going to speak in the debate.
During the conciliation procedure, the European Parliament did, however, insist on clear labelling and traceability rules for GMOs, which are essential for consumers who can only take a decision about whether to buy products containing GMOs if these products are properly labelled.
We must bear in mind, however, that there is currently a moratorium on GMOs, which, it is envisaged, will end as soon as this new directive comes into force.
Great success has been achieved, however, in that this will hopefully motivate businesses to take part in EMAS, since registration in EMAS is stagnant at the moment because of the competing ISO 1400 system.
I am pleased to see, however, that, after the battle over the amendments and all the pressure from various groups, the common position has hardly been changed.
I am advised by a legal advisor that I do however have the right to vote as an individual author.
It should not, however, lead to daylight robbery.
I do not understand, however, how Members of the European Parliament can hope to be involved in the choices made by scientists in areas such as minimum and maximum doses or criteria of purity, as suggested in the explanatory statement.
It is not because we are looking favourably upon the statement from the Commission - you know our views on European integration in general and on this institution in particular. We must admit, however, that for once the Commission has made an effort in terms of prior consultation with users and manufacturers, cost-benefit studies and realistic economic and technical alternatives.
We must, however, stress that times are changing.
As I said earlier, however, we designed the indicators as a working tool.
It is true that this is an interesting method, which makes it possible to identify good practices and gradually develop a joint focus on topics of interest; the method, however, should not replace existing Community instruments of a regulatory or quasi-regulatory nature, or the guidelines that already exist in areas such as economic policy or employment.
We were concerned to note, however, that Regulation 1408/71 was becoming less and less appropriate, and that every month saw further postponement of moves to modernise and simplify it.
It must also, however, grant the same rights to the people who, driven by the increasingly restrictive policy on identity papers, visas and asylum rights, are forced to work in unacceptable conditions, without social protection.
The amendments that concern us now, however, propose a substantial change to the Regulation and clearly go beyond the technical nature of the update proposed by the Commission, and in my opinion the debate on the technical update should not be confused with a debate on the substantial amendments.
Since the military situation in the country is changing all the time, however, the Council has no precise information on the number of women living under the Kabul regime at any given point in time.
Once again, however, I would like to point out that it is the Commission that is in the driving seat here.
The very positive aspects that I have just mentioned must not, however, lead the European Union' s authorities to pay less close attention to later developments.
When this agreement was completed, however, my first thought was lucky Mexico.
It is very comforting, however, to see that we are able to debate matters of great importance later in the evening.
I realise, however, that carriers cannot be held liable for transporting persons who request political asylum immediately upon arrival within the territory of a Member State.
We must, however, clarify the terms of the debate properly.
These criticisms have not convinced me, however, that the Commission is not on the right track.
I somewhat regret, however, that the Committee on Industry has not incorporated our opinion on Internet costs.
Not all the results and methods applied become common practice, however, as many large countries appear to have their eye purely on their own national, commercial and military interests.
Secondly, small and medium-sized businesses are one of my main areas of concern, and I can only endorse the rapporteur' s view that we should move from 10% to 15% and that funds should be earmarked for companies with fewer than 250 employees. I would also add, however, that provision should perhaps be made for a second threshold for cooperation between large and small companies, research establishments and university institutes.
The unanimity of our general aims, however, does not make them any easier to achieve in practice.
In the last few years, however, the area of land that is planted with cotton has increased considerably, and yields per hectare have also risen sharply.
Adoption of the amendments tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, however, would lead to a substantial increase in the size of the budget for cotton production.
We do, however, propose the introduction of a criterion, namely conformity with the weighted average of world market prices for cotton fibres.
The Council, however, asked the Commission to propose the continuation of the payments to nut and locust bean producers in the 2001 financial year.
The only form of harmonisation which the European Union is interested in, however, is harmonisation of the rules governing competition between industrial and financial groups.
Specifically however, we have voted against Amendments Nos 8 onwards.
The new regulations when they finally emerge must, however, be in line with the regulations in those countries where the terms are the most advantageous to the workers in all areas.
Criminalising the people and organisations fighting against Fortress Europe is not, however, an effective tactic against the underground networks and smugglers.
What good, then, are the European defence system, the euro, the European Constitution and all the other folderols about the Europe we must have, if Europe is the specific entity which is stopping us producing, however modestly, the cotton we need, so as not to ruffle the feathers of the United States, a country we are also freely allowing to spy on us day and night through the Echelon system.
In the longer term, however, those considerations of incomes policy must be weighed against environmental interests, the conditions under which imported cotton is produced and the burden of the common agricultural policy on the financial resources of the EU.
According to the Bullmann report, however, these indicators were clearly intended to provide the basis for new European regulations which would have fleshed out "the Union' s social legislative framework" .
We must hold the Serbs to their promises which, however splendid they may be, as yet exist only on paper.
It is important, however, that the measures taken should be realistic.
The authorities in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and in Serbia are dealing with each individual case under urgent procedure. It is, however, true that they have no intention of granting a general pardon.
In addition, the Commission is studying the possibility of supporting the revival of the peace and reconciliation process through programmes for the rehabilitation, demobilisation and reintegration of displaced people. Given the present situation it is too early, however, to define possible future action.
We have not discussed the situation in Laos in great depth; however, Laos is a country still governed by a dictatorship, has a one-party system and is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The Laotian Government, however, continues to stamp out any peaceful demonstrations, such as the one held on 26 October 1999 and, more recently, on 17 November 2000.
Thanks to the economic reforms and to liberalisation, there have been increases in freedom and personal autonomy. It is true, however, that there is still a big gap between the international commitments made by China and the human rights situation in practice.
Even if this step is successfully taken, however, there still remains a lot of work to be done.
This, however, was done in spite of exhortations to the contrary by human rights organisations.
As far as Chechnya is concerned, however, I am worried.
We ought to take account, however, of a number of recent developments.
It must, however, be noted that no agreement has been reached concerning the technical conditions to allow the immediate return of the OSCE support group to Chechnya.
There are, however, two fundamental issues that are worth recalling.
The Portuguese Government has not failed to provide support for the areas that have been affected and there has been no lack of national solidarity. Financial support from the European Union, however, is just as important for Portugal as it is for the European Union itself.
It should be said, however, that the Irish economy is overheating as a result of this strong growth and that, consequently, there is a risk that this could be to the disadvantage of the Irish people.
The question is, however, who shall take the action?
Ireland is however a small economy with a gross national product little above that of west London.
I do not agree, however, with the MEP from the PPE-DE, Mr Werner Langen, who is quoted in the Irish Independent newspaper today as saying that Ireland should be further penalised by the withdrawal of cohesion funds.
Is there any guarantee, however, that this new administrative process will produce better results than the market process?
The institution has not, however, used human resources policies that are appropriate to the changing responsibilities and needs of the institution as an organisation.
It will, however, be a significant advance that can be made without imposing undue pressures on the budget.
Others, however, must be submitted as formal legal proposals to this House and to the Council.
I must confess that this debate strikes me as rather odd, since the impression is surely being created that our European officials, however competent they may be and however hard they work, constitute a rather pathetic category that needs support on a number of levels.
The worst thing about all this is, however, that the BSE crisis is seriously threatening the equilibrium of the EU budget.
Secondly, the BSE crisis, the real problems faced by producers, the collapse of consumer confidence and food safety requirements connected with protecting public health deserve more than vague answers and the postponement of solutions, however obvious conflicts of interest or budgetary problems may be.
This debate must, however, be conducted methodically and at the right pace and include an overall evaluation of European farming, the current state of the rural world and of how the CAP has responded to this situation.
I think it would be unacceptable, however, to use the excuse of the BSE crisis to force through reforms that everyone concerned wishes to see.
I do accept the need for debate on this issue, however, although it must be conducted in the context of an overall assessment of the CAP and other Community policies, not in this opportunistic way, taking advantage of a crisis to impose national self-interest when what is required is a Community response showing solidarity with those who are in difficulty.
I will caution, however, against drawing any immediate conclusions.
As I said earlier, however, this would only be regarded as a last resort.
We will, however, have to look carefully at the exact wording.
The Commission is willing, however, to consider some of the elements proposed in the new Amendment No 27 tabled by Mr van Velzen.
We all know that European participation plays a substantial role in supporting developing countries and that we provide more money than any other donor. These facts are not sufficiently appreciated, however, either for what they mean in financial terms, specifically in terms of commitments and the expectations that are raised, or for the responsibility that they require with regard to the political influence exercised on the development processes in the countries involved.
The Commission' s current approach, however, will not give rise to a fair policy because it is still dependent on the market' s operation and the rules specified by the WTO, the IMF and the World Bank, which are still unfavourable for developing countries.
We should reiterate, however, the basic principle of a sustainable development policy.
In practice, however, that is not easy: too few well-trained people, an organisation that is not yet effective, underfunding.
To speak of tuna in the North Atlantic, however, necessarily requires us also to take account of the situation in other regions, such as the autonomous region of the Azores, for example, where in 2000, we have just experienced a second year with almost no tuna catches at all.
We must bear in mind, however, that the sanctions were put in place originally for a purpose.
Saddam Hussein' s regime has obviously been defeated without, however, having been destroyed, and I therefore think that to say that these military interventions are the acts of an imperial power against an unprotected people is a rather simplistic interpretation.
In other debates, however, we have certainly always attacked the Americans for their underlying economic interests in this region.
I would say once again, however, that I believe it is important that any action against Iraq should be taken within the framework of the UN' s resolutions.
At the same time, however, we need to make a distinction in this regard so that the burden is not borne solely by innocent people in Iraq.
In this respect, therefore, I feel that a heavy military operation against Saddam' s military installations and the curbing of the rearmament programme is the correct path to take. At the same time, however, I feel that the Iraqi people should be given the chance to survive.
For the time being, however, the Iraqi people can only consider how they are to survive against the West, who they hold accountable for all their problems, because of what they witness but mainly because they are manipulated.
The first of these phases, which has already begun, concerns general trade issues and the second, which will begin on 1 July, concerns negotiations on tariffs and services. I, however, feel that, in practical terms, it would not make a great deal of sense to request the directives to be amended just for this purpose, given the closeness of the date.
I know that Chile and Mercosur are different cases and I wish to publicly request that each of these sets of negotiations be conducted on its own merits, something we requested in the reports that are to be voted on this morning. This must be done, however, with the aim of ensuring that the negotiations have reached an advanced stage or have been concluded with a view to this Summit, for which we must provide ample material over the next six months.
I am pleased, however, to note that Portugal and Spain agreed, at the recent Luso-Hispanic Summit in Sintra, to unite their efforts to separate the agreements from the conclusion of the WTO round of negotiations.
I do, however, believe that the cooperation and political coordination which ought to be set up on the basis of these agreements are no less important.
No other group shares our commitment to strive for social justice and national dignity to the same extent. The latter is, however, tempered by many decades of work towards supranational integration and responsible and coordinated involvement at international level.
We must avoid thinking of this agreement simply as a free trade agreement, which is an almost natural tendency for something that was once just an economic union; today, however, it would be an oversimplification, dangerously favouring just a small elite and not the peoples involved, to whom we wish to propose a global association agreement which in fact has its own political dimension and its own momentum in the processes of cooperation.
In theory, Romania should be included in the second list as an applicant country with which accession talks have commenced. Unfortunately, however, it appears that a stricter attitude may be needed, since illegal immigrants living in several European countries originate from Romania.
I would like to stress, however, that this figure had been calculated by the Commission in January and it already appears to have been completely overtaken by events.
Our position does not mean that the problem of female migrants and their standard of living in the EU does not give us cause for concern. We should, however, have liked this problem to be approached in a different manner.
Yet, the European Union which, however, continually declares its solidarity with the poorest countries in the world and spends billions on helping them, has a severe lack of long-term vision for these countries.
I have therefore voted for the motion, in the hope, however, that, in this cooperation agreement, some attention may be given to trade in the merchandise known as "pensions" .
There has, however, been no request for an amendment.
In any event, however, the House must decide.
Now that Mr Corbett has, however, albeit not denied Parliament the right to decide, he implied instead, as it were, that it would be inappropriate to take such a decision here, I would just like to say, on behalf of my group that in the light of recent developments, we all agree unanimously that we should have this debate.
I would like to say, however, that the Echelon affair is being investigated by a temporary committee and not a committee of enquiry.
In Spain' s case, however, the precedents related to requests from the permanent representation of the Spanish Government and the Spanish Minister for Justice.
You, however, said something in Brussels which is extremely dangerous. You said that this Group was going against Austria.
If the majority of Member States continue to be committed to nuclear energy today, however, safe and appropriate procedures must be in place.
We should, however, thank Mrs Isler Béguin for starting the work, and certainly our chairman Mr Hatzidakis for finishing it, so we can have that debate here today.
The distinction between specific nuclear material and radioactive material in more general terms, however, is not clarified elsewhere in the text.
The liberals do believe, however, that the local authorities must be consulted on the transport of radioactive materials.
The emphasis should then, however, be on compulsory prior notice of the transport of nuclear material.
We also advocate, however, the vigorous defence of the existing European model of agriculture based on multifunctionality.
This must not be a one-way street for the industrialised nations, however, but must include the developing countries as well.
For this effort, however, we must demand transparent rules and equivalent action from our trading partners.
It is also important, however, to make product safety a priority for SMEs, and ensure that with third-party certification, de facto exemption from liability can be achieved.
The long transitional periods, however, for bananas, sugar and rice are most regrettable.
At the same time, however, it expressed the necessity of pursuing the liberalisation of trade as a priority.
All these excellent provisions, however, have disappeared from the final version.
What are your specific expectations, however, of these good relations with regard to the fresh negotiations taking place within the WTO framework?
In advance of this debate, however, I should like to raise two specific issues.
The report is not, however, coherent in the positions it adopts, and it ultimately supports the continuation of liberalisation, particularly in respect of the trade in services, and we consider this to be negative.
It also means, however, that the European Union cannot dump its many surpluses with high export subsidies at global market prices in order to disrupt or even destroy markets elsewhere.
The Commission, however, like the Council, shares the wish expressed again by Mr Kreissl-Dörfler to look into the precautionary approach in this sector.
I think that this framework agreement contains all we need to organise cooperation between our institutions and if we have a few outstanding problems on the settlement of disputes, then I am perfectly willing to discuss this question, if it is understood, however, that the settlement of disputes is not negotiation nor the establishment of internal legislation, but an executive prerogative.
Is that, however, sufficient reason to reform a COM which, even in the estimation of the Commission, has fulfilled its objectives?
That is something we are able to support. As I mentioned before, however, what is then missing is information from the Commission to the sugar industry and the sugar producers about funding during the period 2003-2006.
At the same time, however, we demand that the reform of the organisation of the market be in place no later than in 2003.
In spite of everything, that is not, however, the worst of it. What really tops it all is the fact that the failure to reform the policy on sugar has obstructed the 'everything but arms' initiative whereby the world' s 48 poorest countries would be given access to the EU' s market.
Mr President, we must certainly tackle the issues of overproduction and high prices in the Community market, in addition to the problems caused by CMO rules. I support the rapporteur's basic proposal, however, to extend the current system until 2006, in accordance with what was established at Berlin, in that I see the need to allow time for production conversion and diversification so that the, albeit necessary, measures do not lead to a drop in income for producers and cause acute social hardship in some of the afflicted areas where the product is produced.
Such a reform can, however, only be justified on the basis of a detailed analysis.
The process is a tedious one, however. There was a desire to do everything at once, forgetting that the institutional and legal processes are slow moving and must gradually involve the participation of all citizens.
I would ask you to bear with me, however, if I concentrate exclusively on the situation of the shipyards in eastern Germany.
It is one thing to read that one in every three people there is seeking work, however, and quite another perhaps to experience it first-hand.
At the moment, however, our shipbuilding industry is, unfortunately, in a very bad way.
There is something else, however, of vital importance to this Parliament: is this unfair competition now being introduced here?
It is our opinion, however, that the Council is very divided on this issue and that the decisive proposals and decisive formulas for compromise must be found by the European Parliament. I therefore ask that the request for urgent procedure be rejected.
I also believe, however, that the responsibility of carriers should be limited.
The formula proposed by the present initiative to establish a minimum fine of no less than EUR 5 000 per person transported does not seem unreasonable. We should also, however, impose the confiscation of vehicles used by transporters, not merely as a possibility but as a mandatory penalty.
The proposal that the fines should be waived if a request for asylum is made, however, is counterproductive, since as a rule asylum is almost always requested.
A criticism that may be levied at this proposal too, however, is that important aspects of a common policy on immigration and asylum should be considered within the framework of an overall concept and not sneaked into the legislative process prematurely as individual measures.
I do not believe, however, that we are going to stop them through this kind of measure.
In my opinion, however, it is not a crime to help needy people who wish to enter the EU actually to do so, simply because this is illegal; the crime is the closed-doors policy of the EU.
Member States cannot, however, be forced to do this; it must be included on an optional basis.
It is, however, questionable how much further problems have to escalate before the Council can rise above the mutual differences and can adopt a truly European approach.
In reserving itself implementing powers, in considering that this constitutes a specific case - which, however, it has not supported by a detailed statement of grounds - the Council is in my view taking liberties with a fundamental provision of the Treaty establishing the European Community. That is something I find unacceptable.
When we deal with these subjects, however, I think it might be a good idea if, once in a while, we were to take stock of what we are actually doing when we take these initiatives, which are, of course, all offshoots of the Schengen Convention and ideas about the 'area of democracy, freedom and justice' we talk so much about.
What we do, however, know is that he had no valid identity papers and was to be deported.
The justification put forward is that the Council wishes to reserve for itself the right to exercise implementing powers for a five-year transitional period because the Member States have an enhanced role in respect of the development of visa policy, reflecting the political sensitivity of this area. This is not in itself, however, a sufficient reason for breaching a general principle of Community law.
We can also subscribe to the initiatives of the Republics of Finland and Portugal, but we cannot subscribe to the majority of the proposed measures, which reserve implementing powers to the Council without, however, providing any circumstantial evidence that this really is a specific case that is an exception to the general rule laid down in the Treaty.
We should, however, like to underline that the evaluation, with the possible reviews in 2003, should very much take place.
More disturbing, however, are the atrocious conditions that these immigrants suffer on their journey on trucks and lorries.
Above all, however, this massive influx of refugees quite plainly raises the question of the right to seek asylum on European soil today.
Careful examination, however, soon shows up the total ambiguity and imprecise nature of this initiative and the legal loopholes it contains.
I deplore the fact, however, that the European Parliament did not call on the WTO to take account of the multifunctional role of agriculture; this must not give way to intensive and mass farming, which in any case, European consumers plainly no longer want.
That does not, however, mean that we accept the shape of current agricultural policy, which is producer-driven, large-scale and based upon heavy subsidies.
There are two reasons, however, why these allocations cannot be too high.
The autonomy of federations should, however, enable this to be settled fairly easily, for example, by setting minimum and maximum levels.
I would however like to mention that, last year, the judges issued a ruling in two cases that had important implications for sport.
Full implementation of what was agreed over two years ago has, however, proved to be somewhat more difficult than originally assumed.
One thing must be made clear, however: discussion papers, green papers and white papers are not enough.
I shall, however, focus my attention on the problem of fraud and irregularities.
I would say, however, that I regret the attitude of the Commission, which sometimes takes too long to answer or provides unsatisfactory answers to the European Parliament' s requests.
This does not mean, however, that the European Parliament has to give up its power to penalise the Commission when it does not fulfil its duties, particularly with regard to protecting the European Union' s financial interests.
If this does apply, we should call the Commission and national and local authorities to account. We should not, however, create confusion and adopt the course advocated by Mr Bösch, insisting that liabilities be itemised in detail.
In all cases, however, a reply is required as soon as possible.
The report by Mrs Korhola, however, contains several pitfalls for everyone to clearly see.
The Commission is unable, however, to approve Amendments 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 18, 22, 27, 29 and 30.
In the framework of the general labelling provisions, however, the Commission is working on a proposal regarding the indication of the meat and offal content of all foodstuffs.
I cannot establish that information at the abattoir, however, unless the animal comes to me with its life history, so to speak, and for this to work properly we need a suitable form of computerised registration.
It should, however, be noted that the entire cost of slaughter and safe disposal was the responsibility of the UK.
The Community action to tackle the first BSE crisis, however, also included full funding of public storage and an early-marketing premium for calves as well as additional direct aid amounting to EUR 1 309.9 million.
You will, however, understand my concern when I tell you that I live in Asturias.
He did, however, repudiate suggestions that Turkey sought to incorporate the northern part of Cyprus as its eighty-second province.
I do expect, however, that it will only take three or four weeks until the first decisions emerge.
We should not, however, blame the whole profession for the improper behaviour of some of its agents.
For reasons of competence, however, it is up to the Member States to pass legislation if they consider this to be necessary.
Since, however, we have scheduled this train, a train that is unforgivably delayed, I would like an explanation.
Regrettably, these decisions will not, however, enable us to achieve the targets that were agreed in the Community' s Acidification Strategy.
The problem, however, is that the path between the committee and the plenary sitting of this Parliament is at times fraught with obstacles.
The Commission can, however, accept Amendments Nos 11 and 12.
We would however prefer to quote Directive 99/30 more directly.
At the present time, however, although I have heard the message, I am still lacking in faith.
Now that we have reached this point, however, and that the debate has already begun, we must draw the lessons from the failures in Nice and we in the European Parliament must learn how to do things differently in future, for 2004. Otherwise, we will be in danger of repeating the same mistakes, the same frustrations and the same failures.
That great polity will not do well, however, unless it avoids taking power from the little people, the more local levels of government.
Of course the problems of the method adopted in the follow-up to Nice are important: the Community method, the Convention method, and so on. What is even more important, however, is that there is a plan and a driving force to push it forward.
To do that, however, we really must understand subsidiarity, which remains the most important principle of federalism.
It is not enough, however, to say: the debate, the debate, the debate. You are right, Commissioner: we must organise it and structure it.
In the final analysis, however, it is the representatives of democracy who will have to participate in this convention.
The answer to that, however, is also in the hands of the Heads of State and Government.
There are, however, four key areas where we have to develop appropriate strategies. They are intergenerational equity, distribution of work, social and family policy and immigration.
There may be unanimity regarding the aim; there are, however, clear political differences when it comes to the choice of remedies and how they are prioritised.
In the run-up to the Stockholm meeting Parliament must, however, voice a concern to the Commission and the Council.
Structural reforms still need to be carried out; corporate and protectionist reflexes still need to be surmounted. It will not, however, be by demolishing a universal public service that we will obtain a better service and lower prices for consumers.
As we have heard, however, Stockholm will not just deal with the Lisbon follow-up.
In organised crime, however, the emphasis is on suppression.
President of the Commission, allow me to remind you, however, of the commitments we undertook, especially in Nice, regarding the social agenda.
That means that we should not only talk about labour participation of the elderly, however important that is, but also of women.
Lastly: Stockholm must first and foremost be a social summit which does not reduce everything to labour market policy, however important that may be, but also maps out courses for the future with regard to social cohesion and solidarity.
All this presupposes the full support of the social partners. Anne Van Lancker is right, however; we also need agreements between them and NGOs, the representatives of civil society and, of course, the European Parliament.
Local professionals maintain civilian society but under stress, however excellent NGOs may be, surely local professionals, particularly in education and medicine, are vital.
The situation is getting even worse, however, because, in addition to the frustration of the Albanian population, we also have the enormous worry of the Macedonian counterpart.
Implementing measures, however, shall, in accordance with the comitology decision, be delegated to a Level 2 process, as is clear to any person who has read the Lamfalussy report.
The Commission is, however, convinced that all sides will have major incentives to make this system work.
Today, however, the task is not to apportion blame but to plan ahead.
It remains to be seen, however, how long this will take.
I think, however, that it is an interesting idea and I will gladly discuss the feasibility of implementing this in practice with Commission representatives.
This is, however, a discussion which should be pursued outside this Parliament.
The ambition is, however, to be as precise as possible in order for it to be possible to inspect not only what the Commission and the presidency are currently achieving, but also what future presidencies achieve.
I must say, however, that the matter of secondary legislation is a very important one.
In relation to this specific point, however, I would like to insist that the euro is also protecting us from the process of slowdown, which is affecting economies outside the European Union.
I would like to make one criticism, however. The committee adopted too many amendments, in my opinion.
In the vote on the report, however, 37 paragraphs in all were added - many of them against the recommendations of the rapporteur.
At the same time, however, we need more effective cooperation with the Union for Ukraine to be able to solve its acute problems.
The committee, however, has apparently forgotten this instruction and has overburdened the report with numerous amendments, making it unreasonably bulky and fragmented.
The Commission, however, has sought, in unofficial working parties and in an advisory committee, to introduce jointly approved principles.
Important events took place at those meetings, such as the general report on globalisation, the hearing on AIDS and the notable presence of President Josselin and of Commissioners Lamy and Nielson. An unfortunate problem was also encountered, however: the presence of representatives of the European Parliament in plenary, and especially in the working groups, was lower than we had hoped for.
In the case of Spain, there is complete opposition from the Spanish to this possibility, but it is, however, accepted for Portugal.
Taking a longer view, however, I have to say that the south' s water supply is our concern too.
We think it is legitimate for Members of the European Parliament to participate in election observation. In several places in the report, however, the impression is given that these observers' task as missionaries for the EU overshadows their role as election observers.
As you know, treatment for malaria and tuberculosis - however problematic - exists.
In this connection, we should not, however, forget that the entire Angolan population has been held hostage for years by a civil war for which there is no end in sight.
This does not mean, however, that we are unaware that there are many conflicts, including the conflict in Cabinda, that do not reach the public' s attention as a result of the way we ignore Africa.
A certain degree of conscience, however, now seems to be dawning upon us.
Nowadays, however, the weapons that take most lives are light weapons.
Far be it from me, however, to trespass on the competencies of the specific bodies of the European Parliament!
There are, however, other problems that have not been resolved.
As you know, however, this proposal was not accepted by the Council.
I think that today, however, we should be clear about what our objectives are.
We do however believe that his methodology which distinguishes between what might be achieved under these rules and what actually requires legislation are a promising route forward.
We would add however that whatever scheme is ultimately adopted, and by whatever means, it must have certain characteristics.
We should at least however seek to ensure that no one is allowed to fall below a certain minimum and that the reasons for any differentials are clear.
I would, however, like to concur with Mr Posselt who has warned against too much red tape.
That, however, Mr President, is simply a matter of tidying up loose ends.
We all know, however, that this will take time and it will involve a number of different stages and much effort. We need the involvement of the three institutions: the Commission, the Council and Parliament.
Complete harmonisation is not a prerequisite, however, for the country-of-origin principle to also be applied to retail sales of investment services for the small investor.
Now, however, the question is: what happens with new ingredients?
That is not entirely certain, however, as no precedents have been set.
There are, however, less essential purposes for which animal tests are used.
I do wonder, however, whether we should amend the directive at all, since existing legislation is clear and a further delay is undesirable and unacceptable.
This should, however, not stop us from forging ahead.
In the current situation, however, there is a lack of sufficiently reliable alternative methods.
I am quite certain, however, that this will also make a great impression on you and that it will also be clear to you that a very large proportion of the European population backs this request.
I also believe, however, that from a particular moment in time, whether it be after five years or, Mrs García-Orcoyen Tormo, after ten years, as you propose, we need to say, no more.
With the new cosmetics directive, however, precisely the opposite is true: beauty, hygiene and well-being without risk.
It would be detrimental to the market and discriminatory, however, to label all the cosmetic fragrances listed in Annex 2 for this reason.
An additional primary objective, however, is to provide European citizens with the highest possible level of safety in all products which they use.
This is why I have also proposed a different form of legislation laying down the adoption of legislative measures which, however, would only enter into force when companies fail to achieve pre-established objectives.
What we should do, however, is to ask ourselves how we will deal with PVC if it appears that aspects of its use are unsafe or harmful to the environment.
That means an efficient labelling system, however, and it has to be realised that much of the recycling done at present is a failure.
In order to recycle, however, the problem of heavy metals must be remedied and the emissions kept within bounds.
The solution should, however, be found in separate storage, in anticipation of the recycling capacity expanding at some later stage.
Here we need to show, however, much more determination and exert much more pressure so that true closed cycles develop.
We have, however, to bear in mind that it is a cheap plastic made from salt and natural gas.
In this case, however, it was not the lobbying trap to which someone at the front referred a few minutes ago: I satisfied myself of its effectiveness.
I can, however, assure you that I see the elimination of tax obstacles to labour mobility and cross-border pension provisions as an absolute priority.
I am aware, however, that the Union contains many other barriers, which are more difficult to discern than geographical ones.
I would like to thank my fellow MEPs warmly for accepting this constraint and for not including all kinds of details in this report, however tempting that may be.
I will, however, say a few words on the Council' s budget.
I am, however, trying to ensure that adequate support and resources are targeted to areas that underpin Europe's future economic success.
I would, however, also like to mention the subject of administrative budgets.
In this connection, however, I cannot personally agree with Commissioner Schreyer' s publicly expressed call for a cut in subsidies.
The committee did receive from the Commission, however, an undertaking to produce this information for the year 2000, after which it will be possible to compare the market return the Commission received on investments with possible earnings received via other channels.
In the eyes of Mr Fatuzzo, however, what should the Commission do with this extra money that I hope to see made available in 2002?
Additional agricultural expenditure will be necessary, as a result of the BSE crisis, which will be substantial; however we quite rightly do not wish to revise the whole financial perspective adopted in 1999.
I would, however, like to draw your attention to a number of aspects.
The Members of this Parliament do, however, reach different conclusions based on facts.
Over the following weeks, however, the number of cases rose exponentially with daily totals sometimes 50 or more in number.
There have been two cases in France, twelve in the Netherlands and one case in Ireland; however, we need to maintain a very high level of vigilance.
This is designed to allow trade to continue, with however very severe safeguards to prevent further spread of the disease.
These points are designed to provide facilities for the resting, watering and feeding of live animals in transport; however, they are also an opportunity for animals to be cross-contaminated by other animals.
Despite our pleasure in having won the first battle, I do not think, however, that we can draw any firm conclusions.
Experts, however, do call for strategic vaccination in the event of an outbreak, obviously accompanied by failsafe registration.
Commissioner, it is always useful to hear your recommendations on the practical aspects of the euro. I do get the idea, however, that you are not overly concerned.
The industry does however depend on research to remain competitive.
We do not, however, have any representation in Saudi Arabia, nor do we have any representation in the Gulf.
Mr President, if I had an hour instead of a minute I could maybe touch on some of the key points, however, in the European Parliament we have to work within these limits.
When it comes to commercial contracts, however, legislators know how to impose tough rules.
Last year, at Parliament' s suggestion, the Commission agreed that our objective should be to include persons with disabilities in training and the employment strategy, an objective which was not, however, accepted by the Council of Ministers.
I am, however, prepared to raise the limit on subventions to the 70% permissible under the Commission's established financial rules, but I cannot go beyond this.
I can, however, accept to submit them for information, as is set out in Amendment No 46.
Madam President, the Stockholm Summit was hardly the greatest diplomatic achievement with regard to the development of the European Union; however, the business conducted at the Stockholm Council did certainly reflect the reality of what is happening in the European Union at this time.
Sweden has identified transparency as a key issue and has a culture of transparency from which we can all learn. In the negotiations concerning transparency, however, Sweden has now accepted a new internal set of regulations producing more secrecy instead of more transparency.
At this European Council, however, we have found that the individual interests of Member States have blocked necessary processes of liberalisation.
According to that press report, however, only three countries have apparently responded to Mr Patten' s request.
Ladies and gentlemen, the quality of work, however, is not just a question of indicators and open coordination.
Where this issue, too, is concerned, I would like, however, to emphasise that we must consider the opportunity of further improving conditions for Parliament to gain access.
Through this scoreboard, however, we will be able to identify, transparently, clearly and with a sense of responsibility, the progress as well as the delays in the way we are implementing the Tampere mandate.
The Commission does share Parliament' s concerns, however, about the sometimes fragmented approach to many of the Member States' initiatives, and the danger that they will fail to provide added value to our common project.
If the objective is to make existing rights more visible, however, certain of the rights that are proclaimed in the Charter are already found in international conventions or in national constitutional traditions.
A number of these rights are already "legally deployable" , i.e. they may form a suitable basis for a decision by a legal body, however, not by virtue of the fact that they are included in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, but because they are taken from other instruments.
I must thank the President of the Council for his very elaborate and extensive response which could, however, be summarised in two sentences flat.
When they fly with foreign carriers, they may, however, still be confronted by the fact that such carriers have a limited liability to pay damages under the Warsaw Convention because the latter will continue to apply to those countries which have not ratified the Montreal Convention.
The regulation lacks clarity inasmuch as the points in the Montreal Convention referred to in it are not, however, to be found in the regulation itself.
The Commission proposal, however, lays down that liability shall be governed by the provisions of seven articles of the Montreal Convention, which are explicitly numbered.
The Commission can, however, accept all the other amendments, which strengthen or clarify the text.
We believe, however, that the Commission has displayed a certain degree of prudence in its proposal.
Some of them, however, run in a very different direction and hence we cannot accept them.
Aid for passenger services, however, under Article 73, is regulated in the Commission regulation on public services, which proposes a complete and appropriate framework on the manner in which the public authorities can support the provision of internal passenger transport services.
At the end of the day, however, too little use is made of these instruments.
Above all, however, the report warrants our support because of its suggestion for improving information for the general public.
I would like to point out however that, in connection with Amendment No 3, we do not see an obstacle to future instruments being able to provide specific cooperation mechanisms.
If, however, we are taking sustainable agriculture seriously, we must take a step forwards here.
We should also not forget, however, that there are good reasons for the restriction to organic holdings.
He did not, however, issue a protocol stating that he, in fact, wanted the open declaration.
I think, however, we are now on the right path towards showing even greater transparency and not only promoting it but implementing it as well.
Less clear, however, is why the production of protein has to be reduced too in the light of an increase in demand on the European market.
The Commission proposal, however, to allow organic farmers only to plant legumes does not go anywhere near far enough.
Unfortunately, however, this meeting too was a total failure.
One thing is clear, however, additional measures and funds are necessary to secure the future of the Spanish and Portuguese fishing sectors.
Now, however, we have to adopt a realistic, constructive and responsible attitude.
We think, however, that the framework for negotiation was the association agreement with Morocco.
It is also worth asking, however, and in fact it has been asked, whether the Council may have adopted a somewhat aloof or passive attitude.
If we accept, however, the financial demands for the fishing facilities that are being offered, then we will be creating a precedent for all the other third country agreements that we have.
It would be a good thing, however, if that were to happen before the Council of Fisheries Ministers is held.
You must bear one thing in mind, however. If we conclude this agreement as it stands, there will be no economic benefit for the fishermen of Spain and Portugal, which means we will have to restructure the fleet from scratch.
We must, however, think carefully about whether reducing the resources for the implementation of control measures is the right approach.
Since, however, there are still many shortcomings to rectify in the area of surveillance, it must continue.
Public funding, however, must be for public facilities and public services.
That would mean, however, revealing to public opinion the multitude of ways of accumulating capital and using it that are legal but still criminal in terms of the elementary interests of society.
There is no question, however, of lawyers accepting any threat to professional secrecy or the confidentiality of their relationship with their clients.
This would cause problems, however, for business people, especially from small and medium-sized businesses, who, for obvious reasons of security, deposit their day' s takings in the safe-deposit box of their bank after the banks have closed.
That, however, has absolutely nothing to do with the laundering of money from criminal activity.
Even if the Council and the Commission were to end up accepting the amendments tabled, however, and at the moment they are rejecting them and dithering, that would not acquit the leaders of the European institutions of the massive responsibility for the propagation of BSE they incurred by refusing to take precautionary measures as soon as the threat represented by that endemic disease became tangible.
In the here and now, however, it is a question of taking a political decision and establishing the legal bases, which must be the same for everybody.
Experience shows, however, that interpretation of the rights in question is variable throughout the Union.
The alibi which the Committee is using for these endeavours takes the form of the proposal to cultivate certain land set aside from arable crops with fodder legumes, allegedly in order to increase the production of vegetable proteins; at the same time, however, it bans the production of seed on this land and restricts it solely to hay production, and unsubsidised hay production at that.
For Greece, however, and perhaps for other Mediterranean countries, the proposal is meaningless because they have little or no set aside.
With the development of the world market in cattle and meat, however, agri-industry has given it an international epidemic dimension it did not have before.
In addition to short-term measures, however, we also need a new type of agricultural policy, which protects production and supports changes in production methods.
It was an important summit in economic and social terms, however, and entirely in line with the Lisbon Summit, with the reaffirmation of the need to take action to secure full employment and skilled jobs in Europe.
As serious as this decision is, however, we cannot waver or hesitate over the need to implement the Kyoto Protocol, with or without the United States.
The signals coming from the Council are, however, conflicting and hypocritical and help weaken the international struggle to get the Chinese régime to change its policy.
We are clearly concerned, however, to see more tangible results on the ground.
Were European governments, however, which, by the way, claim to be defenders of the environment, able to prevent the Erika disaster?
At the same time, however, the European Union has huge economic, political and military interests in Turkey and it is obviously these interests that dictate its conduct.
We must be clear, however, about one thing. As Mrs Malmström has stated quite openly, this resolution clearly aims to weaken the role of the Holy See in international organisations where it is used on behalf of the family, for the protection of life, and against sexual abuse.
We are now, however, witnessing the intolerable radicalisation of this regime and the words 'democracy' , 'human rights' and 'political pluralism' are being written in letters of blood in Pakistan.
Respect for culture, however, comes up against its own boundaries when fundamental human rights are at risk.
The European Union - and I believe Mr Sylla is right - has no choice but to give its emphatic support to this Government, without, however, misjudging the reality in Somalia.
Here too, however, we are dealing with minimum requirements.
I can assure you, however, that the Commission will make the vocational and continuing training of workers in matters of safety one of the central issues in its forthcoming report.
What is important however is that the existing, clear, objective and justified criteria of general interest, which are determined by the state, are met.
The Council can, however, attend the sitting of 14 May.
This does not mean, however, that an institution is in any way exempt from carrying out its responsibilities.
I must, however, just pick up on two points that were inaccurate.
Therefore, there are obviously two requests from the Minister of Justice, submitted by the Spanish governmental authorities, and one request where there is some doubt, in spite of the Official Journal, which, however, in principle, is deemed to be authentic.
That is not all, however, as Mr Corbett, Mrs Hautala and Mr Barón Crespo also seem to be telling us that the important thing for an institution is who gets there first, and to be saying that we need to move faster, that we are going very slowly.
We were able to carry out a detailed analysis of the case within the Committee on Legal Affairs and this was a detailed investigation of the case over the course of several meetings, since this case has been before the Committee on Legal Affairs on three or four occasions. This investigation showed that these words, even if they were pointed, however excessive or hateful they may seem, were spoken in a political context and in response to criticism of which Mr Sichrovsky himself was a target and to criticism regarding his political affiliation on the basis of his religious beliefs.
However, we remain democratically of the opinion that, however strong the expressions used by each Member of Parliament, each politician, may be, they must be considered to be political actions - although I do not mean that Parliament must not cover up for individuals - and therefore, in order to protect Parliament, immunity must not be waived.
The European Parliament' s part-session for today and tomorrow is an important event for the institutions and Member States of the European Union. Above all, however, the meeting is an important event for the citizens of Europe.
It is true, however, that once you have started to open the boxes or the Russian dolls, and you notice that there is something inside, it will then be difficult to stop yourself.
The monarchy did not govern the country by laws, however, but by exceptions to them.
The latter, however, is a goal well worth achieving.
Many here today have criticised the present compromise, and in the case of a compromise there will always be something to criticise. This must not, however, overshadow the fact that this is a good compromise in which the EU is setting a standard for transparency unknown in many of the EU' s Member States.
In view of the most recent events I would like to say, however, that the same applies to the counter-violence that is already becoming apparent, and which also benefits no one but extremists.
I must also say, however, that the former government did not necessarily pay sufficient heed to these appeals.
The most important thing, however, is political stability, because only if that exists will companies move there.
The recent events mentioned by Mr Volcic are, however, evidence that the situation is anything but under control: indeed, what has happened - the fact that eight soldiers were killed a few days ago and the anti-Albanian demonstrations - shows that this is not the case.
They must also realise, however, that, if they are not members of the club, they cannot participate in the decisions on the same conditions as the members.
Mr President, in order to protect the euro against counterfeiting, we are looking this evening at a series of technical measures which, however interesting they may be, will not solve the problem.
If things do not go well, however, with the other approach, there is all the more reason now not to neglect this fight and to increase our precautions.
In my opinion, it would be completely wrong, however, to use such arguments to prevent the system from being introduced right now.
Measures in the EU must, however, adapt to the BSE situation prevailing in Member States in compliance with the general policy contained in this Regulation.
Further amendments at second reading would, however, delay formal action upon this resolution.
In the reading in committee, all mention of ferrets was, however, removed from the list of measures to be taken.
Reference to ferrets ought, however, to be introduced into Annex 1, Part A, alongside reference to dogs and cats, and, if this is not approved, ferrets should continue to be referred to in Part B as per the Commission' s proposal.
Directive 81/851 and Council Regulation No 2377/90 are however still to be amended to allow such use.
This communication clearly does not bring a direct solution; however, it outlines the options for further action in both the long and short term.
On the other hand, however, we must face the facts.
Any analysis of public finances, however, must also consider what impact expenditure may have on monetary policy.
In the end, however, the report that we voted does not provide any real options and that is why my Group does not support it.
With regard to the medium-term, however, it refers us to the structural reforms.
The position we have finally adopted, however, is dogmatic with regard to public finances and to the stability pact.
The reality of the situation, however, if you look at all of our resolutions and texts, is that they are all concerned with reducing taxation and with reducing public and social spending.
That was, however, not due to the policy adopted but rather to incidents and unexpected strokes of luck, such as stronger economic growth and the auction of UMTS.
Under no circumstances, however, should we simply increase public investment.
We also need, however, targeted investments in information networks, technology and research and development.
In giving greater priority to public investment, which I fully support, we must not however forget the other side of the coin: greater public investment does not necessarily mean increased deficit. We believe that the problem should be resolved by redirecting certain types of expenditure and keeping public deficit under control.
The Commission therefore continues to emphasise the need for the successful completion of these stability programmes. This does not mean, however, we do not believe that automatic stabilisers might prove helpful in a context of lower economic growth.
At European level, however, there is naturally a need for a high-speed, trans-European research network, and that is where the European Union comes in a big way, as my fellow MEP pointed out a moment ago.
There are, however, at least four areas that are in need of clarification: first, in paragraph 2, we talk about the need for pre-competitive research.
That does not mean, however, that it lacks significance from a technical point of view. The proposal to update the directives on accounting is not only very important, it is in fact essential if the transparency of company accounts is to be improved.
The fact of the matter, however, is that there is no reason for any document from the European institutions to be concealed from the public.
I am surprised and shocked, however, that no proposals have been made specifically to help future victims of euro counterfeiters.
Even today, however, the European authorities have not really learnt the lessons from this disaster.
The causes of the accident, however, were not primarily technological ones.
I should, however, just like to point out that we voted against item 4.
Instead of encouraging a change of direction in the economic guidelines we follow, however, the downward revision of the economic growth rate and the slowdown of the world economy are calling for more of the same: to pursue and step up fiscal prudence, especially the reduction of public expenditure and wage moderation as a means of guaranteeing the objective of price stability, to which the European Union is, unacceptably, continuing to subordinate all its economic guidelines and social policies.
Underlying the general considerations, however, various paragraphs hint at subsidies for private companies in this sector.
The real failure, however, is that of the Spanish nationalists, the PP and the Socialist Party and the very government of Señor Aznar.
I would like to observe, however, that in my view more jobs have been lost through restructuring or the closing of companies by the industry itself than from political regulation.
Unfortunately, however, these texts from the Council were not changed.
We are not, however, aiming at producing a safe cigarette, since such a product cannot exist, but simply to reduce the most dangerous product constituents.
It rejects, however, most of Parliament's amendments on social security and social protection rights, areas that we felt were crucial for interest groups, for students, teachers and others.
We are still, however, far from our goal in everyday practice.
I personally have reservations about Paragraph 23 on the general acceptance of the Bologna agreements; however, this report was adopted by a unanimous vote in committee and I hope that Parliament will do likewise.
I would say, however, that it is not just the Commission that can do things.
Virgil is a person with the highest moral attributes who, however, at the time, also has at his disposal all the best that the technology of classical culture can provide.
We must, however, always bear in mind that this is an area of policy that we cannot carry through without the support of the Member States.
We cannot, however, do very much more in these fields.
In the final analysis, however, it was the Commission which prepared the work of the Council.
On the other hand, however, the European Union and, above all, the Council, is a very great minimalist when it comes to actually giving these great projects financial resources.
I understand, however, Commissioner, that you have meanwhile repented.
It is, however, becoming increasingly apparent that our children's future is indeed a digital future.
We are, however, sorry that Parliament has been passed over in the preparatory work until now.
I am well aware of this. These thousand schools, however, represent experience on the ground.
I also believe that the Commission must take responsibility and spell out to the Palestinian Authority that it - however difficult that may be - must try to prevent attacks on civilians and must opt for a different course, because the Palestinian Authority has its own responsibility.
The President-in-Office of the Council of Ministers - I refer to the Defence Ministers, who met informally on Monday prior to meeting with the Foreign Ministers - has stated that by the end of the year the European Union will be in a position to become involved in crisis management situations on a case by case basis. It should be borne in mind, however, that a large proportion of our resources is currently committed in the Balkans.
We should not overlook other possibilities such as the International Court in The Hague, or the Human Rights Commission in Geneva. It would be best not to have to resort to them, however, because the parties do really wish to return to the negotiating table and seek a peace which must be based on justice.
There is, however, another serious imbalance for which we are in part responsible, namely the imbalance of forces.
What does concern us, however, is the custom of American policy to do what it wants where it wants in the world and to disregard all the international rules, including those it imposes on others.
What worries the rapporteur most, however, is not the situation of the drivers, their excessively low wages or unacceptable working conditions, but the resulting 'distortions of competition' .
It is these last two, however, together with Finland, France and Sweden, that have the highest percentages of young people who have been drunk at, or under, the age of 13.
The Commission' s proposal, however, is extremely superficial and starts from the premise that those who stand to benefit from alcohol sales will work to prevent greater consumption amongst children and adolescents, which is quite a utopian idea, as is well known.
I would add, however, that the protection of children and adolescents against certain abuses must be absolute.
As consensus must be reached at Doha, however, giving in to the United States and the Cairns Group by abandoning our farmers to the productivist and ultraliberal global market is not an adequate approach.
The real problem, however, is the generosity of the socialists and the Christians, as combined in the person of our Commissioner, Pascal Lamy.
These measures are not all bad, but they should not be decided too hastily. Some of them, however, are quite frankly bad, such as the introduction of a system of individual rights for the special premium for male bovine animals, which would introduce a cumbersome and bureaucratic quota system, or reducing the density factor, which would probably not produce the desired extensification but would certainly reduce the income of farmers, something they certainly do not need.
It is clear, however, that this measure, which is presented as benefiting the poorest countries, will mainly benefit the multinationals established in those countries, which are generally the only companies to produce and sell on the international market.
Over the same period of time, however, the Turkish prisons have been the scene of riots that were suppressed by particularly bloody means, followed by hunger strikes that turned into death fasts.
This view of life, however, also requires a humane treatment of prisoners within a constitutional framework.
I would, however, like to warn Mr Duff about the work of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
They could become adequate however, if we achieved economic growth and if that growth were directed at creating the jobs needed on our continent. The figures are far below those of our main competitors, the United States and Japan.
Do not think, however, that the Group of the Greens is suggesting that we entrust the future of pensions to the Ministers of Finance.
It involves benefits and risks and stimulates the financial markets, factors which must be considered. It is not, however, and cannot be part of the problem, and would contribute to greater risks for social protection.
Have you forgotten, however, that you promised to send out information concerning the so-called wise men' s salaries in the Austria case?
This measure has not been implemented correctly, however. As a result, price levels have been below the limits set by the Council for many months, when such measures had not been authorised.
To achieve this aim it is necessary, however, that in the period before these important dates arrive there should be a review, reappraisal and enhancement of the role of producer associations especially; in fact, the centralisation of the operators is essential for achieving consumer protection based on labelling and traceability.
But the Commission is already working closely with the Member States on controls without, however, disregarding the fact that they have the final say.
The Commission will, however, include your suggestions in subsequent Council discussions.
At the same time, however, it is the penultimate budget of the Union of the Fifteen.
I would state my view once again, however, that we consider a reserve always to be non-compulsory expenditure, as we want to be able to intervene in decisions on its use.
What happened yesterday, however, is slightly different, because it calls into question the status and the responsibility of individual Members as to whom they invite into this House.
In this respect it is right, however - as you said - that the relevant provision is Rule 143 of our Rules of Procedure.
I should also, however, like to thank the Commission, in particular Commissioner Barnier and the President of the Commission, Mr Prodi, for responding to the initiative taken by the four aforementioned groups in this Parliament and tabling this proposal.
Of course Mr Danielsson is not able to be here today. He was here yesterday, however, and we only have ourselves to blame for the fact that we are not able to debate this with him today.
I would come back, however, to questions of principle, which I believe we should examine thoroughly.
It is precisely democrats, however, who are deeply concerned about the Rules of Procedure being complied with.
In that case, however, we must demand that they clean up their acts.
At the same time, however, we wanted to put in place minimum democratic standards and minimum requirements for European representativeness and guarantee a maximum degree of transparency in respect of financing.
I would point out, however, that this is simply reiterating normal budget rules.
Problems remained, however, for example with interpreting conventions on mutual assistance, criminal law and criminal proceedings and with the division of responsibilities.
In the field of judicial cooperation, however, we must unfortunately note that here cooperation is still in its infancy.
Commissioner António Vitorino knows full well, however, that we have found more to our taste in his initiative than we have at times in the Member States' initiative, as regards its coherence and comprehensive view.
Now Rule 111(2), explicitly states that the agenda can be altered by application of Rule 143, which has taken place, or on a proposal from the President, in other words you, Madam President. The word 'or' , however, clearly denotes, in law, an alternative.
There are also, however, institutional and technical issues to examine.
The majority of this Parliament, however, like the Commission, pretends not to know that, because there is so very much at stake for the federalist parties and the federalist ideology.
It is impossible to accept money from public companies or industry, however small the amounts involved are.
With all kinds of organised and cross-border crime on the increase, however, with growing insecurity and violence, intergovernmental cooperation between Member States' police forces and judiciaries is desirable.
Where violence rules, however, it is difficult to classify it according to a scale of values and condemn only those who use it to defend themselves.
You prove in the most striking manner, however, that the nation state is by far the only viable and reliable framework within which to organise solidarity and social protection.
One of them, however, did not trust me and followed me by plane to see and hear how I would vote in this round.
So far, however, this policy has had a very limited effect.
This kind of gesture politics, however, is not enough. Real and substantive reforms are required.
What we cannot accept, however, is that we are now retreating from Dayton again.
Above all, however, it is vital that Republika Srpska plays its part.
Due to the specific conditions in Bosnia and Herzegovina, however, the Commission tries to ensure that the overall political environment, that is, the political reality on the ground, is as favourable as possible and that the macroeconomic assistance ties in with other measures taken by the Community.
It will take more than that, however, to restore the confidence in the rule of law, such as an independent inquiry into the disappearances and into the mass graves, and especially into punishing the guilty.
Turning conformists into saints, however, is not a job that can be regulated by resolutions.
The public's freedom of information, however, is restricted to some extent even in some countries which guarantee freedom of the press.
We also note, however, that the various players still have insufficient knowledge of and fail to respect these new rights properly.
I should, however, like to point out that there are different debates, which take place at three different levels.
This wave of solidarity, however, which many citizens have been involved in, is still not enough.
It is absolutely imperative, however, that future regional planning policies incorporate this new information on environmental considerations and sustainable development, particularly within the framework of the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy.
The excellent report by Mr Di Lello deals thoroughly with all the important aspects of a complex problem which, however, needs to be solved swiftly so that the European Union can become an area of freedom, security and justice.
For this to happen, however, it is necessary to reach a precise agreement, and Parliament' s positions from this point of view were highly specific even at first reading on the methods, times and content of consultations and information.
The Commission and Parliament should also, however, demonstrate their political will by making any further development of economic union and of any new regulations conditional on the implementation of social provisions that stipulate new forms of regulation such as those that we are expecting today with the revision of the directives that has been announced.
Worse even than this, however, is the cynicism of the Council's communiqué after the May Energy Council.
This position is no different, however, from that of the German government, which expressed its views at the Stockholm European Council and thereby sought to demonstrate its concern to develop an alternative in Europe to what here we would call the British blueprint for totally liberalising the energy sectors.
Where the dispossessed are concerned, however, Mr Purvis, those who would not benefit, as you say, from the gas sector being liberalised, I can reassure you today that, in my country, no one needs to suffer as a result of the situation in place there.
It can be taken at any time, however, and no further meeting is required for the purpose.
This does not mean, however, that they cannot be begun immediately, since there is an undeniable European added value.
If I understand you correctly, however, this Sixth Framework Research Programme contains far fewer specific programmes than the fifth and I should like to ask you why?
I would, however, like to say that calls for proposals are still applicable in the so-called Category 8, which brings together support for policies with emerging policies.
This idea must go forward, however, with, of course, a dialogue between the various scientific communities.
This is one of the few European policies, however, that lie in the sole competence of the Community.
Of course, however, European integration is something that is so distinctive, paradoxical and uncertain that it is untouchable.
I should like, however, to take up one thing that Mr Poettering touched upon but did not really emphasise.
What I am bothered about, however, is the fact that we have not yet said 'yes' to the need for a convention at which all the political forces in Europe can express their official, coordinated views and can conduct an official, coordinated dialogue on its future.
Conservatives back home, however, are coming up with this idea that this Treaty sets up a superstate.
As work went on in our committee, however, we realised that Nice also had a lot of positive points.
Federalism - with the different interpretations that it may be given - is, however, a vision of a more democratic Europe.
More important, however, is the EU' s future stability.
The future of Europe cannot be entrusted just to a convention, however enlightened and elite, but it must remain a prerogative of the representatives of the institutions and of the people's elected representatives.
It raises however the important points of increased democracy and transparency for the next IGC.
I should also like to note, however, that this is the first time the European Parliament is not saying a clear yes to a European treaty.
I would like it to be even more critical, however, which is why I shall abstain.
We should not, however, throw away the baby with the bath water.
Laeken must, however, outline a roadmap, the agenda, the method and timing, to reach a new Intergovernmental Conference which will need to rectify Nice.
It is important, however, that we do not allow ourselves to become prisoners of old ideas.
I also want more subsidiarity, however, for that means that we will be better able to meet the local and regional needs.
The timing, however, was influenced by our desire to help maintain momentum in the reconciliation process on the Korean peninsula while the United States is finalising its policy review.
It is important, however, that such models should be introduced in all EU Member States in the same way and at the same time, so as to offer fair opportunities to all involved.
We are not, however, really in agreement with the wording on every point.
That is not, however, a recrimination, because it was simply difficult for Parliament to cover everything properly under such pressure of time.
Decisions on what is to be done in various policy areas and how we can enable environmental issues to be linked to principles, will, however, be made within these different sectors.
Parliament and the Council must, however, be included in decision-making via the normal co-decision procedure.
We do not, however, believe this is a Christmas tree, as one Member says, which any old thing can be hung on.
Other than that, however, the document offers little in the way of transparency.
Then when you come to the measures concerning health in Article 6, however hard you look, Commissioner, I can find not one specific measure about noise.
The questions of when such a thing happens, however, and what hazardous substances are, need to be rather more closely defined!
There are also issues which give us cause for concern, however. For example, we are moving on to the sixth programme without any real evaluation of the results of the fifth programme, which is completely irregular.
In my view, however, we could have been more specific, more to the point, and more precise.
It has to come in the right order, however: the targets and deadlines should, of course, come in the automatic strategies, in the follow-up.
It should be pointed out here, however, that applications for money from the Structural Funds are already being delayed by bureaucratic hurdles and by what seem to me in some cases to be highly unreasonable demands.
The Court of Auditors, however, is not a legislative body; we are all very fond of the Court of Auditors, but we are not here to act as messenger boys, we are here to legislate.
The system is up and running, however, and Parliament has endorsed it several times.
I agree with Mr Dell'Alba that, of course every Member is entitled to put down amendments to a report, also on behalf of their group. In the case of a committee chair, however, you have to wonder whether they are mixing up roles to the detriment of the standing of their committee.
The rules on decision-making in this field, however, show very little political logic.
We also know, however, that traffic is increasing from year to year and one of the consequences of this is that it becomes a greater source of danger.
I should like to note, however, that Member States need to be given some leeway for the national transposition of the directive on certain points.
I should like to point out, however, that the detailed transposition of the directive must now be undertaken by the Member States and in the end it is the Member States who are responsible for safety on Europe' s roads.
It is quite clear that from time to time this can also affect men; men can also be the victims of sexual harassment but as a rule, however, still today the victims are mainly women.
To answer the question from the honourable Member of the TDI Group, however, it really is a shame that he can imagine that equality between the sexes should not be subject to legislation.
All of this makes little sense, however, if people are fundamentally unaware of its existence.
I should also like, however, to draw attention to its weakness, which lies in its lack of critical evaluation. However, the text presented by our rapporteur will supplement the report as far as this aspect is concerned.
I should like to close by pointing out that enlargement will force us to reconsider this tool; for the moment, however, we need to develop it between the Member States to the maximum.
Unfortunately, however, there is no separate vote on a compromise amendment.
We must also say, however, that the report is not as critical of the results of the Nice Intergovernmental Conference as it should be.
Despite the respect I have for the rapporteur Mr Méndez de Vigo, today I voted no to his report on the Treaty of Nice; however, this does not mean a no to Europe.
I would like to remind you, however, that the European Parliament' s Bureau decided that Parliament would co-organise a very important meeting, which will be held on 21 and 22 June, on the world-wide abolition of the death penalty.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would, however, give you a warning as regards the Internet.
Mr President, trafficking in human beings is a serious violation of human rights which is akin to slavery. It is a form of slavery which, however, mainly affects women, as Mrs Fraisse has already stated.
For this purpose, however, we require a well-thought out definition of child pornography which does not compromise the seriousness of the abuse of children and respects the European rights of both victims and suspects.
We must not, however, give the wrong message to those who traffic in human beings by not having common sanctions at European level.
When we discuss issues concerning animals, however, in recent times these have mostly been concerned with diseased animals and with occurrences within agriculture that have had catastrophic consequences.
I would like, however, to sound a word of caution on a number of fronts.
Mr President, Minister Winberg, however much I can identify with what else has been said here today, I should like to focus on one topic.
This is something that will be discussed, however, and considered in the context of the conference before the end of the year, together with other issues.
In order to develop, however, it is necessary to have economic growth, and hence competitiveness, and developing countries will lose this competitive battle if the digital divide with the rich countries is widening rather than narrowing.
Please let us not forget, however, that people who have not had any schooling, even with the most wonderful infrastructure at their fingertips, will always be hopelessly behind.
We have some difficulties, however, with the proposal to widen the development priority areas.
It will take some years for changes to take effect. If we do not, however, make a serious effort to focus on a limited number of priority areas, we shall only succeed in perpetuating the current problems.
Making specific provision for ICT within thematic budget lines would not, however, be consistent with our approach of using ICT as an integral part of our work in priority areas.
Since 1 January 1993, however, measures became necessary, such as the harmonisation of requirements for sales and the uniformity of the control procedure for extra-community exportation.
I would point out that this goes beyond the scope of the Commission's reports on the application of Regulation No 3911/92 and Directive 93/7. I would, however, underline the multidisciplinary and inter-pillar nature of this problem, as highlighted by Parliament's Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
At the same time, however, may I say that we shall make every effort to ensure that a decision can be taken at the plenary part-session in July, and we shall make the necessary preparations to that end.
The need for haste, however, must not impair the quality of the legislative groundwork.
The Committee on Budgets did, however, see a great deal of sense in the proposal that an examination be undertaken after three years to establish whether it would be possible and advisable to levy fees.
Do not roam down the lanes of healthy eating or comparative diets, however important in health promotion work such routes may be.
With regard to the Management Board, my group insists, however, that a minor increase from 12 to 16 members be permitted.
Finally, and in spite of everything, I should like to emphasise, as other Members have done before me, that unless we rethink our options and our common policies concerning agriculture, no authority, however effective, will ever be able to stem the tide of major crises like those that we have experienced recently.
This is not, however, to diminish the primary role of farmers in ensuring the safety of their produce.
We cannot expect it, however, to eradicate criminal practices, slackness and black sheep; that goes beyond its remit.
Amendment No 92 is, however, acceptable, if modified to ensure that the authority can make recommendations on management options at the request of the risk managers.
We can accept Amendments Nos 135 to 142, 144 and 206, which would improve the transparency of the Authority; however, we cannot accept Amendment No 145 for legal reasons.
The EU, however, has taken the more prudent path, in my opinion, even if it is the more difficult path, as we are all aware.
I do, however, support the present temporary ban on the use of meat and bone meal in animal feed.
The Council, however, has already discussed this matter and took its decision on 28 May, reaching agreement on all but one point.
Let me suggest, however, that consideration of the relative size of businesses is indispensable and that small businesses cannot be treated in the same way as multinational food corporations.
So far, however, my country has remained one of the worst offenders in this respect.
We consider it out of the question, however, for the location of the Authority to become an object of barter between the Commission and any government, an affront to the citizens and to good sense.
It is not enough, however, to establish legal frameworks.
Not all of our amendments were adopted, but the report makes a significant improvement on the Commission' s proposals in various ways. It falls short, however, of what we would like to see in this field, specifically with regard to the concept of child pornography and to the penalties that could be imposed for such activity.
We can only vote against this heap of rubbish, which in its very first recital states that poor countries have 'possibilities to improve their economic situation, fight poverty...' , however little they know how to use this 'ICT revolution' .
The same is not true, however, of private collections.
Those who are responsible at local level should take effective town-planning measures, in the context of sustainable development, without, however, harming the competitiveness of our businesses.
The Council, however - as I have already said - failed to inform us about this common position, contrary to the undertaking given by Mr Pagrotsky.
I do wish, however, that the Council would also take joint initiatives with the European Parliament on the international stage, because these issues are of the utmost importance to our future.
The U.S. Congress, however, has not yet approved the 'fast track' proposal.
The fact is, however, that it is in the process of being changed quite radically.
We indicate, however, that not all the difficulties in the operation of the delegations and the management of external aid are caused by the lack of resources.
The Commission must issue Parliament with supervisory reports on the delegations, but I am not asking to see the reports themselves because I appreciate that they contain sensitive personal information. What I would like to see, however, are reports on the financial aspects.
Over the years, their range of tasks and geographical coverage have expanded considerably. Their internal structure has, however, not kept pace with this.
It is precisely in this respect, however, that delegation staff lack qualifications and training; it is precisely here that there is a lack of the necessary schemes for flexible personnel deployment, which should definitely allow for the involvement of local graduates or external experts, if necessary with fixed-term contracts for a particular type of task.
In practice, however, delegations in the ACP countries have been and are being threatened with downgrading or even closure.
That they are also more effective has not, however, been verified.
The package as a whole, however, lacks coherence and a great deal remains to be done.
I would, consequently, like to stress three aspects: firstly, that of the importance of regional cooperation, which must, however, be increased to take account of political balances, processes of transition to democracy and of consolidating democracy and also of the relationship between the various countries themselves.
It is, however, utterly unacceptable on the part of healthy, wealthy undertakings who 'restructure' purely and simply in pursuit of increased capital gains.
There is still, however, a crucial problem which, in my view, is not simply a trifling detail and this is the problem of sanctions.
There are frequent announcements of good intentions to simplify tax rules. In actual fact, however, the measures are instead directed at keeping tax competition within the Union in check.
We have, however, to live in the real world and therefore we must take those decisions.
Others, however, have not been accepted, but have been accepted for voting in plenary by Mr Medina Ortega.
We therefore believe that services must be provided within a competitive system, but that that system must be subject to corrections in order to prevent a situation where the only people who have access to the services are those who, as a result of their levels of income or place of residence, are viable for the providers of the service, leaving out those who cannot pay the price for the services however basic they may be, or those who live in areas which are not viable for companies.
So she said: 'do not stop it; do make sure, however, that if there are to be implants, they are safe.'
In my opinion, the result of the Irish referendum cannot, however, be ignored by thinking that we can continue as if nothing has happened. Instead it should be taken as a clear signal that the European Union must be democratised and citizens must be able to take part in drawing up constitutional issues.
Ireland' s no was not, however, a no to EU enlargement.
At the same time, when the national parliaments come to examine the Nice Treaty prior to ratifying it, they must not disregard the problem posed by the Irish vote. Quite aside, however, from seeking solutions to the situation that has arisen, to which the Irish Government will make a vital contribution, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs wishes first and foremost to reaffirm, with even greater conviction, the positions it expressed in the resolution adopted in plenary on 31 May on the method to be followed from now until the year 2003.
It is also important, however, for us to have a discussion about grassroots support, which was the Swedish Presidency' s third key point.
This process will only be successful, however, if all European citizens are involved and consulted on these essential issues.
I believe we must show respect for the decision taken in the Irish referendum. I am also listening, however, to the Irish politicians on both sides of the referendum debate who say that it was not enlargement as such that was the problem in Ireland.
We must also, however, make it clear that this initiative is a response to an explicit request from the Council and Parliament.
We cannot, however, take a decision of this kind on one word in a text.
It cannot, however, be founded on an agreement between capitalist groups that are concerned solely with making profits, while totally disregarding the interests of the people.
There is however one overriding and general concern: The sense that people are losing control of their government and their lives.
Even more serious, however, is the possibility left open in the common position, namely that the self-employed might be permanently excluded from this directive.
Since the vote we conducted in the Committee on Transport, we in fact believe that extending the scope to all dangerous substances, a proposal supported by the parliamentary right and left, however laudable, would be bound to cause a serious logjam in the system.
There remain, however, two points in this proposal with which I am not satisfied.
The representation of various bodies on the board is not, however, essential as their points of view will be taken into account by other means.
We are, however, opposed to the fact that this fund is, ultimately, paid for by taxpayers.
We would have liked to achieve everything by now, but we must understand that sometimes we cannot achieve what everybody wants. We have, however, taken very significant steps forward which, I insist, have already had real consequences by improving safety on our seas.
This fund, however, will not be a UN organisation.
If the transfer of information on security deficiencies is to be improved, however, we have to guarantee the data protection of individuals and companies, as Mr Collins proposes in his report.
Clearly, we have not, however, solved all the problems with this directive, and I can see four points in particular that we shall have to do further work on.
Let us now see, however, how the Member States set about the task.
What is important to us is the health of workers, however they are contracted and whatever their method of work.
Parliament must have this balance - and I am by no means criticising the three rapporteurs who, for a host of reasons are not here today - if it is to function and work properly I am sure, however, that Mr Linkohr is on his way.
Oil is, however, a valuable commodity in other important sectors, such as the pharmaceutical industry.
I am also thinking, however, of nuclear energy, even though I know that many people here are opposed to this.
The Green Group cannot, however, agree that nuclear energy is safe or an acceptable replacement for oil.
In my opinion, however, we are not dependent on oil but dependent on cars and transport.
Given that the two other committees delivered a favourable opinion, however, and that the European Commission was not very specific, I propose to deliver a favourable opinion.
I have a few comments, however, to make with regard to some of the points.
Above all, however, I want to point out three or four amendments to Mr Fischler that are of particular importance.
We would prefer, however, to resolve this problem when we next amend Regulation 27/92, which we are already working on.
It must be emphasised, however, that it has taken disasters, particularly those caused by the oil tanker Erika and the shipwreck of the chemical tanker Ievoli Sun, for measures finally to be proposed.
I hope, however, that the possible reduction in some measures has been averted, as was apparent in the text of the Commission proposal.
All the other factors, however, demonstrate the self-inflicted powerlessness of the European institutions, and indeed of the Member States, to intervene.
Nor is there, however, any justification for increasing premiums through the back door.
But there is another important matter, however, which has received very little publicity and to which this debate is designed to draw attention.
That is not the fault of the USA, however, it is the result of political and, above all, security policy weaknesses in the European Union.
From its first recital, however, the resolution is concerned with the non-repayment of debt to the World Bank by one of the poorest countries on earth and by its population, which is dying of hunger.
I would say, however, to all those who still doubt whether a policy of neo-colonialism is at work, that it is the international community and above all, my country, France that bear responsibility for what has happened in Chad.
What are we to do, however, when the situation gets worse for women and for the Hazars, as mentioned today?
Because of the consistency required of it, however, this House cannot wipe out its earlier resolutions or the more or less recent positions of the other Community institutions and international bodies, especially the Council, which has particular competences in this matter.
In our view, however, at this precise moment when a little window of hope is opened with declarations from the main players responsible and initiatives in civil society for peace, our role is to encourage this movement.
Supporting the Member States in risk prevention, improving the training of those who intervene in the event of disasters, contributing to educating citizens about self protection and raising their awareness of the issue: these are some of the objectives of these programmes. Today, however, we are debating the Council proposal for the setting up of a mechanism for the coordination of civil protection intervention in emergency situations.
The Commission however cannot accept this amendment, as its proposal already includes comprehensive provisions on marker vaccines.
Whereas in the previous agreement it was split 50-50 between funds allocated for compensation and those intended for targeted measures; that is, support measures for development of the local fishing sector, technical programmes, etc. Under the new agreement, however, the funds allocated to these targeted measures make up 60% of the financial contribution.
I cannot help feeling some disgust, however, at the vultures circling around this carcass and at this farcical judicial system which is still designed for the victors and never questions their actions.
In what was not so much a debate as a veto policy, the Commission, too, played its role, however, in making resale rights possible.
For many, these misgivings could not, however, be completely resolved, something which finds very clear - albeit only symbolic - expression in the wordings concerning the transitional regulations, such as the following: 'The deadline for implementation of the directive will be 4 years.
I should also like to say, however, that the purpose of introducing resale rights is to enable practitioners of the visual arts to benefit from the subsequent financial success of their works.
Thirdly, this is an undesirable development, however, since it would confine young artists within a world of consumer opportunities.
I have doubts, however, as to whether this amount will be sufficient.
I can only regret the fact, however, that you limited yourself simply to making a statement of good intentions and to thanking Parliament, without actually going into the problems or proposing any potential solutions.
In recital A, it is noted that the European Parliament affirms that there is great consistency between the Commission and the Council but, however, later on, we believe that the facts do not reflect this.
I can, however, assure you once again that the Commission services are considering this issue as a priority.
For others, however, the problem of noise is much less important.
We must not forget, however, that we ourselves have to conduct an internal debate within the Union which, from a political perspective, is probably as difficult as the reforms which our friends have to implement in the candidate countries.
We did not, however, emphasise this so much in our presidency programme, even though we mentioned it.
As usual, however, many of the important decisions are being taken in what is more like secrecy.
That must not, however, conceal the fact that, in Göteborg, there were also tens of thousands of people demonstrating in a peaceful and dignified manner for a better Europe than today' s EU with its EMU and Schengen.
In the meantime, however, it is our duty to tell the candidate countries that the only way for them to ensure that the proposed timetable will be respected is by negotiating on the basis of the Treaty of Amsterdam.
I think, however, that the results have been poorest when it comes to the debate on the future.
The criticism from Mr Bradbourn to the effect that they go too far and are too detailed shows, however, that they are exactly that. They are detailed.
At the moment, however, we are witness to a more gradual approach.
So, as of September, however it may be done - perhaps you could let off a siren at ear-piercing levels - the Commissioner should be heard, like any other speaker in this Chamber, in dignity and silence.
These developments are expected to take place in an environment of weaker economic growth, which should, however, remain broadly in line with trend potential growth of the euro area.
Most of my comments, however, are based on a view from the outside, from Scotland, for the time being part of the UK.
The responsibility for this is not, however, chiefly attributable to the ECB, whose scope for action is becoming ever more restricted.
The basis for that confidence, however, is rather shaky in the case of the euro.
The ECB' s attitude, however, can be described as somewhat inflexible.
That does mean, however, that we still have a great deal to do.
There is still a distance to go, however: only 36% of people are aware of the length of the dual circulation period, which in my country has been shortened to 9 February 2002.
I should just like to make one comment on electronic payment: the Commission has tried to ensure that for the purposes of the changeover to the euro, European banking federations and associations move ahead with reducing charges for electronic payment. We have not, however, made any headway on this matter.
This will obviously incur a cost, which should not, however, be dependent on gender or an individual health check.
I also think, however, that it is important that this work should not just remain work done behind closed doors between politicians, officials and experts.
This does not, however, diminish the need for a speedy resolution of the remaining 203 cases currently before the Serbian courts and which these courts are reviewing.
Now is not the time, however, to pre-empt the outcome of the inquiry in any way.
We must be aware, however, that a lot of work will be required to reach these targets and that it will be necessary to follow this measure with sufficient investment in research.
We therefore accept the proposals put forward by Mrs Rothe; however, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 12, 13 and 14.
There are however, some proposed amendments which the Commission cannot agree with.
The issue of geographical and geopolitical names is, however, an important political issue for some Member States and is fully recognised by the Commission.
The future '.EU' top-level domain will, however, operate within the ICANN-approved named system, partly because of the need to ensure that most EU users can access addresses under '.EU' , but also because the Commission supports the principle of a single authoritative rule for the domain-named system.
From a humanitarian point of view, however, the tragedy that is unfolding in the Great Lakes region is a thousand times greater.
But do not, however, make this European Council meeting a royal event of bygone days, where decisions are reached over the people' s heads.
Autocracy must have a democratic façade, however, and the very telling words of the President-in-Office of the Council are designed to reconcile the people to the EU' s institutions.
If we wish to gain the trust of the citizen, however, I believe that, above all, it is essential to make Europe credible and to make our policies credible.
This intervention with a view to disarming the ethnic-Albanian rebels is, however, subject to specific security conditions which the parties concerned have not yet fulfilled.
Like Commissioner Patten, however, I should not like it to be forgotten that the EU Delegation on the spot has already been doing beneficial work for years and has constantly intervened.
In my opinion, however, the solution cannot be to divide the country along ethnic lines.
A right of veto, however well-meant, cannot be awarded to any section of the population; this causes division.
We also know, however, that it is difficult to find a hotel for fifty visitors.
My actions were however in line with those of all the presidents before me, who always used the sensible rule of only voting in extremely exceptional circumstances, and not on problems that have divided Parliament to this extent.
I would, however, point out to Mr McMillan-Scott that he is pre-empting the way I would have voted.
The rejection inflicted on the EP delegation in the conciliation committee can be explained, however, by the growing strength of a quite different sense of nervousness that led to a retreat into protectionism, which shattered the fragile agreement that had been reached in conciliation.
The result is plain to see: among the appointments that have just been made it would be hard to find any opposition, however slight, to the line pursued by Brussels.
Sooner or later, however, we will have to listen to the people.
As soon as we scratch the surface, however, we discover contradictions, which have extremely serious implications because they go back to certain faults in the construction of the single currency that will be very difficult to put right.
The ECB report, however, emphasises that "the first two years of the euro have also shown that the policy-making framework at European level is satisfactory" (page 3).
I regret, however, that the ECB does not follow the high standards of transparency, accountability and openness set by the Bank of England.
First of all, however, I believe it is essential for you to make a statement on your view of the situation.
In protecting human rights, however, individual events are often of great relevance too.
In both reports, however, there is still cause for concern and alarm.
This choice, in itself an obvious one, must not, however, become a restrictive corset.
So we are all basically faced with the same problem, then, and this is naturally also highlighted by the fact that we in this Assembly and all other assemblies continue to say that there is a lot that needs to be changed and that democracy is getting a poor deal etc. We could, however, use these two reports as a basis for saying that there is, in fact, something that is very good in Europe.
Even in those cases, however, we are anxious to express our reservations, insofar as these are recommendations, which the countries concerned will either observe or not, as they choose.
In terms of its content, however, I should also like to comment on what we have witnessed around Parliament today.
Despite these difficulties, however, let me say that for the first time since the Second World War, Europe now has the opportunity to take on political leadership at world level.
Before tabling my question, however, I would like to express my admiration at the President-in-Office of the Council' s willingness to answer so thoroughly all the questions she has been asked.
We also know, however, that those contacts will never solve everything entirely. That is also evident from the absence of the representatives of the Council on the other side of the table.
If Mrs Schreyer has other commitments, I do, however, assume that she is able to send a senior official to give the Committee the information it requires.
Regarding the duration of the contracts, however, I can point out that setting up executive agencies only makes sense for tasks taking rather longer than one year.
From past experience, however, producing such a detailed document describing the best available technologies takes two years on average.
There are, however, certain amendments which the Commission cannot accept.
I do support, however, the protest of the minority of peaceful campaigners who oppose a world trade system which leads to the unequal distribution of wealth.
What would make me very happy, however, would be if we could take stock of the G8 summits and find out if their agreements had brought in any results.
We need to apply the technology, however, so that leisure activities cause the minimum possible exhaust emissions and the minimum possible noise.
As a Finn, and not necessarily as a representative of the ELDR Group, I must say, however, that I am worried about the two-tier system which the rapporteur proposes.
The modest Commission proposals, however, have been watered down by a majority of the Christian-Democrats and the Liberals in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy.
It was only in 1997, however, that this heading was given a legal basis.
These aid packages only cover the first six months, however. They are an attempt to provide a period of basic survival.
Until I heard Commissioner Liikanen commenting on recreational craft, I was quite convinced that it was these that would win the debate in the press. After hearing his contribution, however, I am, in spite of everything, a little less certain of that.
The proposal no doubt also emphasises very clearly, however, that the only really effective method we have in this context is effective prevention, and I should like to have seen this emphasised a little more.
Meanwhile, however, the situation on the Moluccas has become far more serious.
Alongside the immediate, urgent need for political and financial action to help the uprooted victims, however, we must not lose sight of the need to attack the very roots of the problem.
I would like, however, to begin the substantive part of my speech by congratulating Mrs Carrilho, for the quality of this report.
Mrs Schreyer, however, can confirm that other servants will be recruited on renewable contracts.
At the same time, however, I wish to express my categorical condemnation of the manner in which assistance from donors has been used to circumvent and disregard constitutional procedures in Yugoslavia in order to bring Milosevic to the Hague tribunal.
This report, however, totally conceals the destruction caused by the NATO bombing of FRY.
This is not the case, however, and the European Union only recognises producer organisations with an anti-democratic legislative framework as producer groups.
We accepted it, however, because we believed that the Charter had to embody the values and principles that underpin the construction of Europe.
In the spirit of the Olympic Games, however, and given our position and values in Europe in terms of human rights, we cannot possibly support China' s application today.
Just as I have always been doubtful about mixing the pursuit of trade objectives and the pursuit of human rights objectives, however, so I have doubts about mixing up sport and human rights.
It will only be successful in the long run, however, if consumers change their attitude and demand these products.
We take the view, however, that the only basis for economic collaboration is the rule of law and democracy.
Recently, however, we have seen an increasingly critical situation, particularly with regard to crime.
In an ocean of instability, however, of never-ending wars and conflicts, such as in the long-suffering Angola, one regional power could guarantee a degree of order and peace in southern Africa - the Republic of South Africa.
The Portuguese and other European citizens living in South Africa will then feel that Europe is not abandoning them to their fate and will keep the flame of hope alight. Most effective in achieving the remainder of what needs to be done, however, will be the diplomacy of the Commission and the Member States.
Not between denominations, however, as everyone would have us believe, because pro-Europeans of all denominations welcomed his visit. It was the anti-Europeans who criticised him.
If we do not remove the source, however, the financing of the arms trade and armed conflict, will continue.
It must not be forgotten, however, that other activities apart from fishing, namely tourism and various forms of pollution, also contribute to the destruction of the marine environment.
This Annual Report - whatever the rapporteur' s qualities and however much work he puts in - appears repetitive, conventional and quite pointless each time.
In theory, there are also harmonised definitions for engine power. There is a problem here with controls, however, because the actual engine power is often higher than the value declared or is subsequently increased.
It is also necessary, however, as the rapporteur has pointed out, to introduce a wide range of technical measures such as mesh sizes.
Since this has been done, however, I would just like to say one or two words on the matter.
I do not propose, however, that we should enter into a debate on the content of this resolution.
I am sure, however, that Mrs Banotti would like to reassure you of this fact straight away.
We must also say, however, on the other hand, that we are not satisfied. As the proposed amendments to both reports point out, the structure proposed for the creation of a European limited liability company is still too complex.
The European limited liability company - really an inevitable idea, and also a sensible idea in itself, within the European internal market - is however only acceptable to us as European Socialists with the appropriate inclusion of employees and their trade unions.
The jurisdiction - the key word here is unanimity - corresponds to the realities of power politics, not however to the requirements of European politics.
I would, however, like to stress three points that I consider to be vital.
There are still 1 200 companies, however, which have not established European works councils.
Works councils have been set up as a result of the directive. As other speakers too have said, there are, however, many things which can be improved, and I hope that the Commission will allow itself to be inspired by Parliament' s report today.
Even so, however, I shall not give my approval of the report.
In reality, however, if members of the minority have good enough reasons and if application does not follow through on ground level, nothing is solved.
I am very glad to say, however, that they have not been of a nature or of a length likely to cause any severe disruption to the reform schedule.
We advise the House, however, that such efforts would be certain to attract formal complaints and court cases and therefore lead to delays and indeed to unnecessary ill will.
Those negotiations have not, however, yet produced agreement on the detailed practical means of implementing the sort of reform that is needed to produce a more continuous modern career structure.
The prospects of gaining such an agreement are, however, very much alive, I am glad to say.
The onus of proof, however, is on the Commission and specifically on Commissioner Kinnock.
This time, however, there were elements of a genuine anti-Semitic crusade and the most dangerous terrorists were at large.
I believe, however, that if we want to help find a solution, we must control these emotions and overcome them.
In several candidate countries, however, these changes have already led to rapid, balanced growth, making it possible to improve people' s standard of living.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, the enlargement process cannot, however, be reduced simply to the conclusion of negotiating points.
Yes there may be legal means to get us over the legal niceties but there is within this a political signal and message and the signal must be, that however we may criticise the Nice Treaty, and we all do, we must get over that hurdle as a precondition politically not to do with enlargement but to do it ourselves.
A great many people, however, are perplexed, and fear that enlargement will be to their detriment.
The Directive, however, clearly bypasses these rights in favour of the unquestionable right of the management board to create a European Company.
The EU's environmental and social standards can only be upheld, however, if there is actual membership.
I should like to refer to Cyprus, given that it has already been mentioned and even though it is not the subject of my report, merely to say that it is because of Commissioner Verheugen's correct political handling of the case that he says, yes, there is the issue of Turkey's occupation of northern Cyprus; however, at the same time, he says that Helsinki expects the accession of Cyprus to proceed irrespective of whether or not the question of northern Cyprus is resolved.
We can, however, ask that every effort be made to stave off a crisis.
Perhaps Ceausescu's bitter legacy, however, was responsible for the fact that the political will for change was slower to emerge in Romania than in some other former Soviet Union candidate countries.
It should be borne in mind, however, that this positive process needs to be consolidated by a further cut in structural expenditure.
Beneath the happy surface, however, there are of course anxieties, also on the part of the people in the candidate countries, and we must listen to these.
I hope, however, that they do not read the part concerning the common foreign and security policy and, in particular, NATO membership.
In the Member States, however, only 43% of the citizens can muster any real enthusiasm.
The popularity of the Union has, however, declined in many applicant countries such as Estonia to less than half of what it was, even before this economic standstill which has now taken place in Europe.
The question is not, however, of a purely institutional nature: it is also a budgetary issue.
As president of the EU-Bulgaria Joint Parliamentary Committee, I should like to say that, yes, there has been important intervention on the part of the European Union and issues such as the nuclear sector, restructuring of the agricultural sector and investment programmes in Bulgaria have been given positive momentum; however, at the same time, I cannot, for example, ignore the recent EUROSTAT report published a week ago, which shows that social rights fought for in Bulgaria are literally being demolished.
It is crucial that the EU send out a signal that we desire enlargement for our own sakes. It is also important, however, that there should be broad grassroots support for the project among the populations of the candidate countries.
Although it is legitimate to protect these minorities, we must, however, also endeavour to prepare the people to live in one united Europe and not create new privileges.
In this sense, I think that Malta, which is Europe in miniature, is a good prospect; at the same time, however, we should use Malta to look at other aspects of our policies.
In southern Cyprus, which constitutes the internationally recognised Republic of Cyprus, and which functions as a true democracy, even if it is handicapped by the Turkish occupation, the economy is flourishing, prosperity is increasing and all the economic and political criteria set in Copenhagen have been met; however, the people are deprived of the natural, supremely human right to travel around their country, to return to the houses in which they were born, to their small villages, to travel the length and breadth of the country without coming up against barbed wire, road blocks, divided towns or armed soldiers ready to shoot.
It is, however, not an end in itself, but a means towards political, economic, cultural and civilisational ends.
These very Portuguese citizens would not have the same attitude, however, if they were afraid that enlargement might weaken the European project and harm Europe' s internal cohesion.
I am not saying that we must accept everything. I believe, however, that we must contrive to show magnanimity and that we are obliged to accept that enlargement will be messy and untidy.
I believe that the White Paper explains this well: the benefits of the European Union are general and they often pass unnoticed; however, the disadvantages are specific.
In some places, the report is so critical that I might have written it myself. What I do not see, however, is an attendant list of practical, precise and binding proposals which would open the legislative process to the people.
The justification given by large undertakings is that this is a means of protecting themselves against piracy. In my view, however, this is a clear violation of free-market competition rules, to the detriment of European consumers, and I have been informed that the Commission is investigating the matter.
It is not, however, an instrument of the framework programme nor one of the Innovation 2000 initiative.
Let me just say, however, that the child sex trade has not disappeared just because the newspaper headlines have disappeared.
The data includes unmetered access, however their methodology considers only prices charged by the dominant telecom operating in each country.
The legislative route is more traditional and familiar, but will be more time-consuming; however the Commission wishes to make this decision now that the reporting round is complete.
The alternative to this tiny step forwards, however, would have been incomparably worse. Without the political agreement that was achieved in Bonn, the Kyoto Protocol would be dead and we would have had to waste another ten years working on a global policy to mitigate the damage caused by climate change.
What matters, however, is the process that has now been established.
This idea is not borne out by reality, however, because the agency set up to deal with the issue of Kosovo in Thessaloniki in 1999 is a return to the model according to which it is Parliament, at the behest of the Council, that gives discharge to the Director and the board of management.
We continue to have our doubts, however, whether this will contribute to the efficient and independent functioning of EASA.
It would however have taken, according to the report, twenty years of bargaining for this measure of simple good sense to be taken.
Dissatisfaction is also growing, however, with regard to the transport available to us and with the conditions in which they are provided.
The proposal under consideration today, therefore, represents a considerable step forwards, particularly if you take account of the objectives it is seeking to achieve. It also, however, represents a genuine innovation in the field of Community integration, if we bear in mind that, until now, the civil aviation sector has been greatly influenced by the sovereignty of Member States and by intergovernmental cooperation - an issue that the speakers have already raised.
Not the whole of Austria, however, which is what this Protocol refers to.
I might almost say it is a symphony in the technical musical sense of the word, in that it develops through consonance and dissonance: a symphony not created by a single composer, however, but resulting from the course of history, through dramatic conflicts and occasional religious, nationalist and ideological massacres.
The second point we are able to make, however, is that there is indeed an interception system, and these are its characteristics: it operates globally and is run by an intelligence alliance comprising the parties to the UKUSA Agreement, namely the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
It has admitted, however, that it intercepts detailed communications concerning major contracts that are open to international tender.
The Council also stressed that although a telecommunications interception system may be an important tool to combat crime and to defend national security, under no circumstances, however, should this system be used to gain commercial advantage.
It will be essential, however, to keep the suspects under observation and to take further precautions.'
The system, however, can only intercept civilian communications that are routed via Intelsat satellites.
There are now indications, however, that the United States is using some of these intercepted data for purposes other than the preservation of national security.
At the same time, the report, however, explodes the myth that, via ECHELON and similar systems, every phone call would be tapped and every fax message or e-mail read.
We cannot, however, accept the political conclusion of the report, and we will therefore vote against it, and I call upon all my fellow Members to do the same.
A sensitive issue, however, is the desire for more European cooperation in intelligence activities.
Other countries, however, such as France, have similar practices.
Unless we are prepared to trust each other' s judicial systems and democratic practices, however, more and more families will be deprived of their loved ones as innocent people lose their lives to those who murder for political ends.
For thousands of European citizens, however, these debates pass over their heads.
This terrorism that is threatening to sprout up again here, however, is increasingly international and global in character; its perpetrators are not truly engaged in the globalisation debate that needs to be pursued but are merely using the debate as a vehicle for acts of terror against governments, against state institutions - in short, against our democratic system.
More importantly, however, we must make firm proposals that seek to put an end to these despicable acts.
In our view, this is a more realistic position, on the condition, however, that the circle in which France is placed is not dominated by ultra-federalism. This would allow flexibility for all countries, in return for increased rigidity for a sub-set, which would be illogical.
On the positive side, however, is the fact that paragraph 2 talks about 'devising alternative options as a precaution' .
There remain, however, several recurrent problems, notably in the area of agriculture.
The situation is, however, that following consultation with the Hungarian authorities, I have been informed that the penal provision in question only affects homosexual relations involving partners under 18 years of age.
In practice, however, this will pose formidable problems due to the illegal occupation of the northern part of the island, 37% of the total territory, by Turkey since 1974.
On this issue too, however, it does not draw any political conclusions at all. On the contrary, it encourages speeding up the development of European cooperation on intelligence matters - a form of cooperation in which the ECHELON country, Great Britain, is free to participate if it so wishes.
On the one hand, the proposal for a covenant between the European Union and the United States hardly seems relevant for, however good the intentions, it would most likely have no practical effect.
Member States recognise, however, that better cooperation is required between their law enforcement and judicial authorities in order to safeguard public order at European Council meetings and similar events.
The participants did, however, vigorously reiterate their faith in the virtues of the market, free trade, the development of new genetic engineering technologies and the international trade rules.
First and foremost, however, we need to establish a real dialogue with the parliaments: Mr Barón Crespo is right to say that parliaments are, after all, the prime representatives of public opinion; that is obviously true.
There is one point, however, which unites us all, which is: what can Europe do?
On occasions such as these, however, many of us have also realised that there are forces in Parliament that are able to exploit even tragedies for their own ends, for the death in Genoa was a tragedy. This was simply to achieve their political objectives: that is, to discredit the centre-right government in Italy.
At the same time, however, we also see the other side of globalisation.
There is, however, a political issue: there are various ways of defending institutions.
No matter, history teaches us that, however strong the oppressors, however much violence they use, the oppressed eventually come out on top.
I acknowledge, however, that the question of law and order also has a European dimension.
Having said that, however, I genuinely believe that important measures for protecting European citizens' privacy are guaranteed and specified, measures that the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights and its rapporteur fully upheld in committee and which were adopted.
Fine words and promises must, however, be translated into action, and that often costs money.
The reallocation of Eurojust to category 3, however, is not such a clever move.
The execution of contracts, however, is a matter which, in the first instance, falls under the competent services of Europol.
I should, however, also like to approach the matter from a political perspective.
They must do so, however, in conditions where there is not a threat to their own security or to that of other citizens or properties.
Having said that, in the presidency' s view, and looking to the future of the Union, we must first consider and then, in the longer term, provide for the possibility of directly financing part of the Community budget without, however, increasing the pressure of taxes in general.
The Scientific Committee on Human Nutrition, which falls under the remit of the Commission, is, however, at present evaluating the impact of PACs on health, in order to determine the maximum admissible level of the intake of those substances via human food.
In other respects, however, the Cappato report reduces the protection of citizens' privacy offered by the draft directive, particularly where we have legislative competence.
There is one recommendation, however, of which I have to say that it is not acceptable to the Commission, that is Recommendation No 5 concerning the transfer of responsibilities for data protection within the Commission and to concentrating responsibility for certain other tasks in single units.
I want to avoid any misunderstanding on one point, however: the Commission is perfectly aware of the positive role that in-house lawyers can play by counselling companies about observing the rules on competition.
I conclude, Mr President, by expressing sincere and heartfelt thanks to the European Parliament for travelling a common road with us through this very complicated terrain, which is, however, as various speakers this evening have sought to highlight, of such vital interest to the economy and indeed to our individual citizens whom you represent.
Three problems have become clear, however, and I should like to hear Commissioner Solbes Mira' s position on them.
It has not been resolved. I do not believe this is the greatest problem, however; each model has its advantages and its disadvantages, in terms of coherence and speed, and I hope that a solution will be found in the Council.
One cannot ignore however their very real and positive benefits in terms of reducing substantially the annual human death toll due to accidental fires.
I should also, however, like to thank Mr Nisticò for the work he has put into the report.
There is, however, one issue which I would like to highlight.
Amendment No 17, however, makes adequate guarantees regarding the possibility of reimbursing costs incurred in donating plasma including travel expenses, and of offering compensation for lost working time.
Yesterday, however, in connection with my report, a decision was taken which points in two directions.
What I, however, find interesting is what the complaints focus on.
There are, however, some differences between the proposed code as now drafted by the Ombudsman, which I hope that this House will support, and the codes currently in use.
When this regulation is put into tangible form, however, we must keep a careful eye on its precise final content.
In any case, however, here we are, and I believe that this time we will win.
In my view however, constant criticism, targeting the Commission' s work just for the sake of it, is entirely unhelpful. It does not promote the Commission, the institutions as a whole or the idea of Europe amongst the citizens.
I shall only refer to it briefly however, because pursuant to Article 195 of the Treaty the Commission is only competent to give an opinion, and the latter is not binding.
I venture to suggest in this context that many things are open to criticism, because nothing is perfect. When, however, one fails to go deeper and criticism is unfounded, it runs the risk of losing its value or at the very least, proving less effective.
The principle must, however, be in place that the Ombudsman has the right to see documents.
I should however like to highlight some of the everyday practical problems we encounter...
As I said earlier, the Committee on Petitions is very important to me. It is however lacking in human, legal - and here I am addressing our own institution of course - and technical resources, and it does need them.
It is, however, proposing new textual changes to the draft directive.
I also believe that we should be careful when deciding on the details of labels, so that we do not, through the sheer compulsion to regulate - as for example with fruit juices, where, however, we have now reached a compromise - end up leading the consumer astray with duplicated explanations and elucidations.
The higher production costs associated with the effort and the quality guarantee must, however, be clearly acknowledged in labelling.
Even though some of these amendments appear to me thoroughly sensible from the editorial or technical point of view, I regret however that I must point out that, as has been said, we are dealing here with Council drafts and not with original proposals by the Commission and that these amendments therefore apply to the Council drafts and not to the Commission's proposals.
All that means, however, is that the Commission has been asked to reflect and submit an opinion to Parliament once it has done so.
What remains, however, is this haste on the part of the Commission to reformulate competition policy before enlargement, thereby increasing both its powers of intervention and supranationality.
I do, however, agree that responsibility for the management of the loaning mechanism should be transferred from the European Central Bank to the European Commission.
We do not, however, associate ourselves with this joint resolution, of which we reject both the letter and the spirit.
Along with these certainties, however, there are questions for the Commission; and it is good that it should be Mr Lamy, the strategist, who is here.
At the same time, however, many Ministers have no reason to talk, because they are doing nothing to avert the danger of foot-and-mouth disease from Great Britain in border checks.
The reinforcement of our legislation and of our systems, however necessary it may be, will not, on its own, be enough to prevent the reappearance of such an epidemic.
Unfortunately, these acts of terrorism are merely one further stage in the civil war that has been ravaging the country for more than 25 years. Above all, however, these extremely violent acts against civilians only serve to postpone even further the prospect of organising the elections planned by the government for 2002-2003.
Now, however, with such acts of vandalism, UNITA is revealing its true colours even more clearly and there is no longer room for any doubt, however small, as to the nature and the objectives of this organisation.
If Finland can use that argument, however, why not other countries too?
There are tragedies, however, which persist while nobody talks about them, which get worse and fester although they do not make the headlines.
In fact there is a very important European Union programme for the rehabilitation of institutes in that area; at the moment, however, the worst thing of all, which we were informed of in July, is what is happening as a result of the drought.
For the moment, however, we believe it is going too far to compare the situation with the one that followed Hurricane Mitch.
Your report also has a drawback, however. It only focuses on this aspect.
We should like, however, to widen this debate to agriculture as a whole in order to achieve sustainable land management tailored to each particular location.
The report, however, is also a compendium and a condemnation of incoherences and irresponsibilities.
There are examples, however, which give cause for hope and it is these which I should like to address.
That is easier said than done, however, because no teachers have been trained in the regional dialects and there are no corresponding curricula, let alone books.
After an outrage of this kind, there may, in other words, be a great temptation to call fervently for violent retaliation which would, however, have immeasurable consequences.
In the light of history and of experience, however, I remain convinced of the American people' s ability to come through this ordeal and, at this time, I believe it is important for this House to express its solidarity with them.
I can assure you, however, that the staff of the Bureau are constantly monitoring the issue of security of the European Parliament, the vice-presidents, the Quaestors, the President and General Secretariat.
The threats are new, however, and the tools used by the terrorists are new and more sophisticated.
In future, however, we must ensure that we can debate with the High Representative of the European Union here in the European Parliament as well.
At the same time, however, we must act calmly and with deliberation, and above all we must resolve conflicts peacefully wherever we can.
There is not only Europe, however. There are poor countries that have a greater risk of suffering from any economic turnaround in a recession that is still a possibility.
Quite apart from the effect on the economy or on world political relations, however, thousands of people have died, thousands have lost their parents, children, spouses, friends and loved ones.
First of all, however, we need increased security for passengers.
Handled wrongly however, it could plunge the western world into a conflict with the Islamic world with catastrophic consequences for everyone.
Increased decentralisation and the promotion of partnership must, however, apply also to the acceding countries in the accession funds - and right now - so that their authorities get some practical experience of them.
It is my personal view, however, that cohesion policy can be carried on better through the medium of general regional and structural policy and without a Cohesion Fund, as the Cohesion Fund seems to me to suffer from the drawback that it turns its attention to States rather than to regions.
It is not the States that we want to support, however, but disadvantaged regions.
On the other hand, however, there can be no economic and social cohesion without political cohesion, as hard as this may be for some nationalists to swallow.
With this in mind, I would ask each one of you, however, to be fair to the Commission.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today, however, the proximity of enlargement and the need to correct the enormous regional imbalances we will see as a consequence make it imperative that we give new impetus to economic and social cohesion policy.
The results achieved, however, are not the same across the board, and it is worth exploring the reasons for this.
It is important, however, for the fund only to be used for the purpose it was intended.
For the period 1994-1999, however, Member States did not have to provide information on the access of women to the Structural Funds.
I would, however, like to make one point to Mrs Avilés Perea, for whom I have great admiration.
Ever present in the background, however, is women' s social status and position, which is inferior to that of men in these cultures.
The other half of the wage gap, however, cannot be explained objectively and seems to suggest that there are hidden mechanisms of discrimination at play which lead to the undervaluing of female-dominated jobs and professions.
No country, however, complies with its own laws in this field.
At present there is a serious legal vacuum at national level and a wide disparity at European level, which, however, is being counteracted by an increasingly solid body of case law.
These limits, however, only apply from 2016 to new and existing plants.
We have before us now a revised directive that can be expected to have an important impact on reducing emissions from large combustion plants, at the same time, however, taking account of the practical realities of life.
No sooner had Amsterdam come into force however, than the European Commission and Parliament began to question the opt-out.
Secondly, Schengen does, however, appear to be used in the framework of demonstrations on the occasion of European and international summits.
I for one welcome the recent United Kingdom court ruling against the UK government's practice of locking asylum seekers in detention centres, however modern those centres may be.
So, within that context, I welcome much of the report now presented by Mr Watson: That perspective however, also explains why my group will not be supporting amendments proposed by the PPE-DE Group which we rejected in committee and which we believe seek to restrict the rights of asylum seekers.
My group, however, rejects the concept of a safe third country.
It is also clear, however, that, right now, we must not deviate from the objective of achieving tangible situations and establishing practical prospects that are closely linked to reality.
Parliament has also, however, found the means to add amendments which worsen these defects still further and strengthen our opposition.
The European Parliament, however, removed this exception by means of Amendment No 85.
In the meantime, however, they will, of course, have disappeared and gone underground.
We also believe, however, that the thinking underlying these funds contradicts the neo-liberal thinking behind European integration.
The report does not follow its analysis through to its conclusion, however, and does not adequately break free of such restraint.
Certainly, in any event, we do not wish to see an extension of the Geneva Convention of 1951 in terms of the criteria it sets out on asylum, however worthy the cause may be.
This is because there are too many young people and they get lower wages; we, however, are slow to understand progress and earn more."
We do not, however, believe that measures to combat this problem are best taken at EU level.
It would not, however, resolve the fundamental question: how did these illegals manage to cross Europe and reach Calais without being seen?
I will, however, send you all the details.
In matters such as these which, regrettably, can carry such weight as to tip the balance towards war or peace, exploitation for political ends is unacceptable; however, equally unacceptable are superficial expressions which, I am sad to say, appear to mask attitudes of intolerance which must be opposed.
What we can do, however, is to reduce the probability of risk by taking careful action.
I would like to insist on one point, however: I believe that the system based on prohibition, the Seveso system, is not sufficient.
It is our duty, however, to ensure that everything is done to clarify responsibilities.
What we will need to do, however, is to avoid situations we have at the moment, for example, in my own living environment.
Parliament' s amendments, however, go even further, and I cannot back most of these as a result.
Since the life of aircraft is about thirty years, the effects of these technical improvements, however, are taking a long time to kick in.
Mr Davies and Mr Blokland, if I were from your countries of origin, I too would adduce the argument from subsidiarity, but, my dear Mr Blokland, I know only two airports in the Netherlands whose flight paths, however, are located above my constituency.
Health problems and unpleasant experiences of noise are, however, both very individual matters, which makes the issue of noise a difficult one.
In the case of this report, however, the situation is reversed, because in the main the technology is available to clean up the small engines which, as Mr Lange says, can produce more pollution in one hour than a car travelling 150 km.
Indeed, the Commission' s document refers to the Treaty establishing the European Community, without specifying any particular article, and to the Protocol annexed to the Treaty of Nice, Article 2 - under which the European Parliament has consultation powers only - a Treaty which, however, is not yet in force and which it is highly unlikely will become effective before July 2002.
On that day, however, the ECSC Treaty ceases to have effect, and we can hardly allow a lawless state of affairs.
A closer look at the White Paper should, however, convince you that, like you, the Commission is determined not to diminish but to increase Parliament' s role.
The more people are involved in European cooperation, the better. Do not imagine, however, that legitimacy in itself creates democracy.
We object, however, to a deal between the interested sectors and the European Commission without any parliamentary control.
We need to ensure, however, that when we reform those processes - whether it be issues concerning co-regulation or external agencies - we see democratic control as the key factor, democratic control in a democratic framework.
I do think, however, that transparent, clear consultation is a step forward that we really should take.
At the same time, however, the European Council of 21 September emphasised that neither should we stop working on other issues set out in the Treaty of Amsterdam and thus towards our objective of safeguarding and developing an area of freedom, security and justice.
Governments must make concerted efforts to help create peace in the troubled parts of the world, however difficult, and to increase aid to developing countries - strong measures that in time will work towards countering the pressures that force people to migrate.
In the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights and Defence Policy to this report, however, a number of recommendations were made which, precisely against the backdrop of 11 September, are very pertinent indeed.
This change in policy does, however, also mean that decisions will have to be taken and that it is not sufficient merely to administer immigration by hiding behind general political guidelines, or, in the words of the rapporteur, on the basis of the cornerstones of immigration policy.
Mr President, while stating that our Group is fully in agreement with the Evans report, I should, however, like to highlight two aspects. First, the procedure for examining refugee applications needs to be speeded up.
This effort must not only involve the European dimension, however, but also cooperation with third countries, specifically with the asylum seekers' countries of origin.
In order to reach this stage, however, we must first of all harmonise asylum procedures.
Instead of being delighted about this, however, Mr Pirker expresses concern about the fact that the destiny of women from the third world, female immigrants who have come from the South, is not confined to having children.
I think, however, that there are still a lot of problems with Mr Pirker' s report. It was improved quite considerably by the committee' s reading of it.
I am not sure, however, that we have entirely avoided confused thinking.
In recent times, however, those means have been reduced.
In order to make progress, however, I invite, above all, the governments of Member States and the Council to take the courageous decisions that are necessary.
We shall undertake this task with the utmost rigour and the results will be submitted to Parliament. The Commission does not take a positive view, however, of the implication that there is a link between terrorism and immigration.
Having already, however, been called to speak, I wanted to point out to you that Amendments Nos 1 to 5 are founded on a misunderstanding.
Some arms brokers are legitimate businesses; many, however, are little more than merchants of death.
The list, however, has to be meaningful and provide the basis of effective action in this field and not be a statement of general intent.
At the same time, however, a number of shortcomings and flaws have been flagged, five of which I should like mention.
I would say, however, that there is now a greater need than ever to prevent tendencies that are not firmly anchored in politics.
With regard to the Council' s second annual report, on implementing this Code of Conduct, the rapporteur himself welcomes the greater transparency and the convergence between Member States arms exports policies and the adoption of common principles by third countries. He also, however, highlights the need to go further, putting an end to illegal sales and exercising greater control over arms dealers' fees and on the destination of arms.
I would, however, mention certain negative points: firstly, light weapons.
In the final analysis, however, this is a matter for the popular front, for the global and national peace movement which, as we have seen recently, is burgeoning - and thank God it is.
I do think, however, that all of it should be taken into account, given that the whole world is waiting to see the European Union' s reaction.
I am also worried, however, by something else that has already been said: the tragic situation that has arisen since these attacks.
We also have, however, the shipping junction on the Danube, and in the long run this would become a triple junction.
In order to progress, however, the two sides must agree on the mechanisms to be applied.
Despite these commitments given by the Belgrade authorities, however, and despite the Council and Commission's repeated promises to intervene forcefully in order to put an end to this intolerable situation, the matter has still not been resolved.
Having said that, however, I should point out a certain number of things.
Given the current situation and climate, the Commission does not consider it to be appropriate, or even helpful, to make any further comment on this situation, since the decision must fall to the governments of the nationals involved. I can assure you, however, that both the Commission and all of the European Union' s Member States will, of course, continue to follow developments carefully and closely.
During the discussions I have mentioned, I have however informed the Lithuanian government that the Commission is of course prepared to provide the necessary help in this aspect too, and is moreover willing to organise international aid.
I will, however, quite gladly say something about the actual substance of your question.
I insist, however, that the safety measures must be in place as a prior condition for its reopening.
I must insist, however, that Italy and France are the competent administrations.
However, it believed that the Durban Conference, based as it was on the fight against racism, was not the appropriate forum for dealing with that question Since, however, the Arab and Moslem countries were insistent that the issue should be discussed at Durban, the European Union agreed to take an active role in formulating a draft consensus which was presented by the South African Presidency.
The NGOs' declaration, however hard it might have been, was a good pretext for avoiding any issues with a bearing on the major interests which it was not thought desirable to offend, as well as the issue of reparations.
I deplore the fact, however, despite Mrs De Palacio' s apologies, which I accept, that the European Commission was not present.
Particularly unfortunate was the fact that a number of delegations ran off, for however well-founded their reasons may have been, those who run away are always in the wrong.
A lack of effort, however, can lead to disaster.
It can also, however, happen surreptitiously through concealed mistrust.
The Durban Conference, however, was much more than an exercise in the duty of remembrance.
The United States strongly opposed this paragraph during the preparatory process, however, and several countries, particularly those in Asia, also rejected it and, without consensus, it was not possible to retain this text either.
I would ask them, however, to look at this again and cast their votes in favour, because all along I have tried to leave out the technicalities and have concentrated purely on the policy and philosophy of getting people with disabilities mobile again.
We quite evidently need our own civilian system which, however, must be available to all - and I emphasise all - potential users.
We must bring the exact and the theoretical sciences close together, however difficult that may seem.
In the second half of the 1990s, however, the rapid acceleration of productivity growth in the US again began to widen the gap.
This split pricing policy, however, is not what the trade mark right is about.
I also heard, however, that mine was not the only group affected, but that around half the invited groups had cancelled their visits this week.
In Brussels, however, we are even denied the illusion of security.
Afghanistan was on the list of forgotten countries before 11 September. Now, however, the situation has become all but catastrophic.
It is true that if we take a range of measures - Members have referred to the freezing of assets and various other measures - we must ensure that, however urgent, they are accompanied by a systematic evaluation process, preferably conducted soon after their adoption, whatever their nature.
Let me say, however, that, in general, I broadly share the concerns you expressed.
What we can do, however, is to speak with perhaps greater authority about the political preconditions to success.
At the same time, however, all democrats throughout the world have realised that this open society is worth defending and that we have to work together to combat terrorism and lack of freedom.
Thank you for your contribution, however. Please would you send your proposal to the President.
That depended, however, on a statement from the Commissioner last night.
Such individual solutions, however, are necessary to those whose only chance of survival is to flee from war and suppression.
We, however, do not draw that conclusion at all.
According to the reporter, however, the private investors who have been promised responsibility for managing GALILEO and therefore 'possible revenue flows from GALILEO services' , are unwilling to take any 'economic risk' .
It is crucial, however, that the implementation of the project respects citizens' rights, freedoms and guarantees, namely their privacy.
Respect for diversities must include, however, constant, enlightened action on the part of civil society so that the objective of respect for human rights and dignity is achieved throughout the world.
In face of the attitude of the United States and Israel, whose departure from the conference was a sign that the threshold of the unacceptable had been crossed, the European Union, by remaining, and however much it denies this today, ran the risk of appearing to support these shameful equations and intolerable excesses that the philosopher Alain Finkielkraut summarised as follows: 'In Durban, anti-racism has taken over anti-Semitism and the denial of humanity'.
Within the European Union, growth will be well below 2% this year. We are however still hoping for a gradual recovery of internal demand in the coming quarters.
As the presidency has pointed out, slower growth will affect the nominal value of budgetary positions. Departure from the objectives ought, however, to be limited.
It is also important however to find ways of helping them to work with the banks. The latter should offer fair debit conditions for the amounts in euro received by small traders before 31 December 2001.
We cannot go through the process of calculating the harmonised consumer price index every week, nor would it make sense to do so. Nonetheless, we can however provide the citizens with information on the evolution of certain key prices in a transparent manner.
A debate such as today' s warranted a much longer reply. Unfortunately however, we are running out of time.
We defend public service obligations - however the service concerned may be financed - and the principles of universal access, which constantly come back in all of our debates now about technology.
In the case that I mention in my question, however, involving the 150 young people from Greece who were banned before they even left their ship in the port of Ancona, they did not undergo any checks at all.
If it appears, however, that one or more Member States are solely responsible for the issue as a whole, I shall be unable to give you an answer on behalf of the Council.
Coordination, however, must help to make this policy as consistent as possible and mutually beneficial.
Let one thing be clear, however: the financial markets are closely watching the Member States in terms of how they are dealing with their budgets in a declining economy.
The majority of members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, however, has rejected our amendments en masse.
The strain of the situation, however, should not lead us to justify greater public intervention or, as the President-in-Office of the Council has said very correctly, to abandon or lose sight of the need to continue with the structural reforms which the European economy still needs if it is really going to be competitive on an international level.
More important, however, is the quality of the decisions per se.
It is true that we have made progress with the statistical plans for the Union' s monetary area, however, we must go further.
It is also important, however, that we win consumers over for this kind of commerce.
In smaller areas, too, however, like the abolition of national marketing and competition rules that stand in the way of the development of the Internet - fortunately, this was included in the report - we need to move forwards in order not to hinder development.
This, however, is a general topic which has received the general support of the citizens.
We must insist, however, that this fund should start to operate in the coming weeks so that treatment gets to patients as soon as possible, and we must ensure that its statute and procedures are fair.
Although it makes sense to tackle the fight against tuberculosis, malaria and AIDS in a single programme, we do, however, need to distinguish between the specific problems posed by these three diseases.
These measures are isolated, however, limited to a few products for a few countries and will take time.
There is no doubt, however, that the explosive growth of the richest countries has left the poorest countries even farther behind.
In any action taken, however, it has to be borne in mind that, without viable basic health care, no other developments are possible.
In a world of increasing globalisation, however, we cannot shirk our international responsibility.
They are advantageous in being easier to communicate regularly; however, we are seeking to focus on output and processes rather than on input.
We are, however, convinced that it is a choice governed by reason, and not by an instinctive reaction, which is legitimate but dangerous, motivated by anger and pain.
We feel it is unacceptable, however, that a list of organisations and individuals, possibly supplied by the government and intelligence services of the United States - a country which not so long ago opposed any monitoring of tax havens - should be submitted for the approval of the European Parliament, when no supporting evidence has been provided.
We of course welcome any new measures to combat terrorism; however, such measures must be properly thought out and properly debated in a transparent and democratic manner, not, as happened this week, in a atmosphere of panic.
What has been submitted here, however, is a list of individuals and organisations who are merely assumed to have been involved in some way in the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
The Ecofin Council, however, once again demonstrated its inability to communicate.
The ruling classes have no need, however, for the European institutions to harmonise their policies, apart from settling national rivalries, in order to improve the profitability of their capital to the detriment of the working classes.
The report does however contain a large amount of truth, as throughout there is concern about the institutional void and regressive policies that risk being implemented under the influence of neo-liberal dogma.
The main concerns of the Commission, however, as stated in its communication, focus on establishing an internal market for services, studying the obstacles to the free movement of services across national borders, proposing their removal, and working towards speeding up the liberalisation of postal services, the distance selling of financial services, acquisition proposals and value added tax on digital products.
Specifically, however, we must have an idea of the problems and of our strategy.
Before I turn to substantive issues, however, I would first like to congratulate UNTAET and especially Sergio Vieira de Mello on their work, which was often carried out under very difficult conditions.
Not all is rosy, however, in Timor as you all know.
We have to draw attention, however, to the tendency of the Vietnamese administration to want to control the pace of change and to maintain "social cohesion" during transition to a market economy.
We are, however, looking at this region from a humanitarian aid point of view, where we see a real risk of a negative fall-out from the situation in Afghanistan.
The initial elements of trilateral cooperation are already in place; however, they must be expanded and supported in order to counter existing external influences successfully.
Given the situation, however, a discrete presence of Russia and America might be considered somewhat useful for a proper balance.
In anticipation of further signs and surer indications that the junta really would like to enter into dialogue and accept the demands of the NLD, the EU should not however relinquish its common policy.
Nobody knows what the outcome will be, however, and on that point I would like to warn the European Commission against making any premature concessions to the Burmese military government until it is clear that they are genuinely willing to release all political prisoners.
We should be particularly careful, however, that this liberalisation does not result in some kind of diversion from our current objectives.
I would, however, like to publicly demonstrate, once again, our solidarity and deep sympathy for the families of the victims.
The Commission response to this, however, has been stony-faced and ideological.
We must point out, however, that Member States are reluctant to give inspectors this task.
In addition to conventional nuclear installations, however, we must also take into account the risks related to transporting nuclear materials.
The timing of this decision, however, is a highly cynical one, considering that it was made as a smokescreen at the same time as war was declared on terrorism.
This, however, comes about through the grouping together of two reports, which do not actually belong together.
This was, however, not what the relevant committee wanted.
The originators have, however, overshot their mark a bit.
There is no doubt, however, that collection of data on persons who have been barred from entering a Member State is within the scope of the first pillar.
Legal practitioners in these countries can, however, participate in the projects alongside their counterparts from the acceding countries and elsewhere.
If the principle of creating a committee to assist the Commission is acceptable, however, we would like to express our preference for a system of commitology based on the creation of an advisory committee and a management committee.
The report has, however, also stirred up some political passions.
The Commission is however considering possible further legislative proposals in relation to the third Aarhus pillar on access to justice.
The issue of concern to us, however technical it is, is of extraordinary political and social importance because it is widely known that undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS), including pension funds, are currently the preferred form of saving for the majority of European citizens.
It is also true, however, that various alternatives have been put forward across the world.
I am aware, however, that it will be very difficult to make progress in this direction unless we first make progress on the substance.
There will not, however, be very much of that healthy competition as long as employment policy and the 'Luxembourg process' are as unfamiliar to people as they are at present.
I do not consider it appropriate, however, to enter into details on specific studies to be carried out and cannot accept this part of the amendment.
I have, however, taken the most positive approach possible to the amendments which you have tabled.
I can only regret the fact, however, that the rapporteur has dropped her two proposals on eliminating the option the Council wishes to give employers to, in certain cases, neither inform nor consult their workers, although the rapporteur' s proposals envisage sanctions against employers that fail to act promptly.
The Council' s position, however, opens up loopholes that could prove dangerous for workers and it is, therefore, important to eliminate this possibility.
That does not, however, mean that employees are not consulted and informed in Denmark. This is specifically regulated via cooperation agreements between the social partners in accordance with the Danish tradition of greater freedom between the social partners.
We are aware that these alone are not enough; however, they are, or can be, decisive for maximising the effects or reducing the risks for employment, which are also linked to the economic trend.
Commissioner, it seems obvious to me, however, that collective agreements as well as social legislation will be needed in different areas where the social dialogue has failed.
On the other hand, we are, to a large extent, in areas for which the Treaty provides no legal bases for proper legal regulation. What, however, there is, at present, no legal base for, there may in future be a legal base for.
Now that the economy is in decline, the moment of truth has, however, arrived, and I believe that the need for a coordinated employment policy is even greater than before.
In this area, a long list of measures is, however, required. That applies, of course, to the working environment, and especially to the new problems arising in the working environment in connection with people being stressed, excluded, burned out and such like.
I could, however, cite dozens of other businesses scattered throughout Europe, from Philips to Siemens, as well as several airlines.
The Employment Strategy is just one part of the European debate, but this is the first time there has been a general downturn in the economy, the first time there has been anxiety and, however much we want to avoid creating fear or panic, the situation is clearly going to be more difficult and problems with employment and economic development are bound to appear at the beginning of next year.
That is really rather a pity, however, for it is in actual fact the action values that are the most important for, when the action values are exceeded, the employer is obliged to do something and to take preventative action to change the way in which the work is organised.
With the common position, however, we should arrive at transitional periods of up to 12 years, and it makes almost no sense to legislate for such long periods.
This should however be integrated in Article 14 (1).
Above all, however, the conditions under which people are obliged to work are considerably aggravating factors.
As for the subsequent years, however, I am not convinced that this will work again.
At the same time, however, notably under the ceilings of heading 3 of the financial perspectives and of heading 4, it creates some leeway for coping with new priorities.
There are, however, developments in some areas of the agricultural sector that still give cause for concern from the budgetary point of view.
At this point, I must however state quite clearly that agriculture ministers must not take this margin to mean that there is plenty of scope for every kind of shiny new expenditure package; this year has shown how quickly such a margin can be required for things which could not have been planned for.
Let me also, however, point out that the USA was a great donor of funds for humanitarian aid in Afghanistan even before 11 September.
The Committee on Budgets, however, rejected our proposals.
Sport is mentioned, however, in the Treaty of Amsterdam, and the conclusions of the Nice Summit stressed its social importance.
There is, however, one more very critical point, and I turn again to the Council of Ministers here.
In our view, however, the reduction made by the Council concerning advertising for the euro, and which was increased by Parliament, is sufficient.
I note with particular concern, however, that this great chunk of agricultural expenditure is increasingly the object of covetous desires on the part of not a few politicians who see it as a sort of disposable object which can be moved around at will.
What really concerns me most in this budget, however, is that, in real terms, in euros, aid to third countries has decreased since 1999.
The Council, however, decided later to take exceptional action and insisted on adopting a full 100% guarantee in respect of the loan to Russia, rather than one of 65%.
Most of these matters, however, belong in other and separate directives, such as the pregnancy directive and equal pay for equal work.
I think, however, that your fellow Members now have a much clearer understanding of your position.
I think, however, that it is a good result we have achieved, and I therefore recommend discharge for the Commission.
It is essential, however, that we establish a fair classification, which will help to allocate the right actions to the right areas.
I would like to thank her on behalf of the Italian police, which, however, I feel is no worse than any other police force in Europe.
In some ways, therefore, there is nothing new in this statement...I am saddened and concerned by this attitude, as it almost puts Europe out of the running altogether, at a time when much is expected of Europe, of a political Europe, not of a military Europe, and of a Europe which, admittedly, has expressed solidarity with the United States in tracking down these terrorist networks, but failed, however, to provide unconditional support for the unilateral choices made by those in Washington.
We must not, however, forget our responsibilities, the contribution we can make, for example, to a subject as important as that of cancelling the debts of developing countries.
We are, however, concerned with a situation in which we ask ourselves whether, with the euro, Europe's capacity for integration has already been exhausted.
We also, however, need an instrument at home.
I would, however, like to focus on one point, touched upon by Prime Minister Verhofstadt, which is the duration of the Convention.
We know very well, however, that each of the institutions is concerned with how they all function. It is in this spirit and within these boundaries that I would like to give you the European Commission' s impression of the other institution, in other words, the Council of Ministers.
The document still, however, falls short of expectations in several areas.
In the midst of all this, however, Commissioner Lamy has found time to do a good and adequate job of briefing the Parliamentary delegation that is leaving for Doha.
We, the Social-Democrats, however, have reached the opposite conclusion.
We also know, however, that trade on its own is not enough.
The WTO must, however, also increase its efficiency despite these changes and become more transparent and more readily understood by the world's citizens.
If the EU does not change its tactics, there is everything to indicate, however, that, when it comes to the crunch, the WTO meeting in Doha will be proof that all the fine declarations of solidarity are being abandoned.
It seems, however, that well-intentioned appeals are not going to prevent it from going down this path.
Most of the developing countries, however, feel marginalised by its operation and cut off from the decision making process.
I feel, however, that the WTO must give a commitment to respect any decisions that the ILO may take on such matters.
In so doing, however, we must not overlook the fact that Europe has 18 million small enterprises, which, at the end of the day, employ two-thirds of the workforce.
Let us remember, however, just between ourselves, that the developing countries have very firmly held positions on this point, which we do not share.
It has become clear to us, however, and we have become more conscious of the fact that we need a new definition of security, that the old concepts of security policy actually no longer work and that, for this reason, a particular combination of external and internal security needs to be formed.
I also think, however, that we can make it clear that added value really is being generated.
If we wish to play a role in politics as a whole, however, we must also actively work to further develop our relations with Russia, build new bridges and provide those countries which at present cannot, should not or do not wish to be members of the European Union with a new framework and a new form of European economic area.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I have limited speaking time and the fire drill did not, of course, help and for this I apologise. Out of all that has been said, however, I should like to take up, in conclusion, the three following aspects: a strong Europe, a Europe that is able to project its influence onto the international stage is, above all, a Europe in which internal cohesion supports external action; secondly, it is a Europe in which the synergies between Presidency, Member States, Commission and High Representatives are exploited to the full and, lastly, it is a Europe in which action, whether it be in the field of justice, defence, cooperation or anything else, matches the rhetoric.
My personal view, however, is that, in time, history books will come to refer to this period as the Third World War.
In the short term, however, one of its unavoidable effects has been a severe drop in GDP, of 8% this year, which may have serious social consequences.
The national programme for integration into the European Union talks of revising the constitution so as to guarantee sexual equality; however, there are no plans, whatsoever, to adopt positive measures which, as the women's organisations have pointed out, would allow all the laws which institutionalise discrimination against women to be amended.
There are a number of hard points, however, which we need to discuss with Turkey, and certainly there is still a need to discuss the issue of human rights, in particular.
I should also, however, like to address two points, which continue to be crucial for relations between the European Union and Turkey.
Now, however, they are asked to continue the work which they have begun.
On the other hand, however, Turkey is also entitled not to have any additional conditions imposed.
It is also true, however, that this constitutional reform contains three elements that impair its credibility. First of all, it ceases to class as crimes actions that are still crimes because they fulfil the conditions as such.
First, however, I should like to thank our rapporteur.
I do not, however, wish to overestimate its importance, since what is involved here is merely a very small part of a larger whole.
Many commentators still believe, however, that accession will lead to enormous changes in the countryside and have enormous consequences when China is opened up to imports of food and agricultural products from, for example, the United States.
It is also the case, however, that this agreement is not some kind of unilateral victory for the Union, which is something, if I have understood correctly, that you rather reproach us for.
Mr President, I voted for the report by my friend Mr Vatanen, who will be disappointed at having been the rapporteur of a document that can do so little for transport; it does, however, do something for bureaucracy.
With the current situation in tatters, however, is such a challenge feasible?
A further prerequisite, however, is that the Taliban should allow supplies to reach those who need them.
That does not however mean that we in any way support supranationalism within the areas of the second pillar.
There is, however, one important bridge to be crossed if this desired objective is to be achieved.
Here, however, I differ with the Commission on its method of calculation, based on averaging.
To avoid cases of fraud, however, an efficient marking and registration system ought to be operative for that reason, too.
The imminent reopening of the tunnel has, however, revived a number of controversies.
It is clear, therefore, that the cause of the accident can be quite easily identified and predicted, given the situation. Alongside the negative effect of the accidents, however, there is, of course, another negative effect, which is the impact on the environment.
It offloads HGVs onto someone else and proposes a utopian world without transport and without mobility; naturally, however, we must also say no to those who call for 'unlimited transport for all: the economy needs it.'
In the meantime, however, we want real, serious limits for the sake of safety and the environment.
It seems, however, that he is not interested.
Amendments Nos 11 and 12, submitted by the ELDR Group, however, accept the Commission's approach in principle, but seek to allow capacity increases on safety grounds by way of exception for existing vessels under 12 metres.
Thanks to the efforts of Mrs Attwooll and the Committee on Fisheries, I hope we have avoided the most unfair and dangerous aspects of this tougher line; more generally, however, the very principle of MAGPs needs to be questioned now.
In the Northern agreements, however, no Member State can fish.
On this point, as on many others, the groups are extremely divided. The main thing, however, is that the world outside should be able to follow what is happening.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would, however, like to confirm the Commission' s very clear intention to faithfully apply all the provisions contained in this framework agreement.
I must draw your attention, however, to the need for this Convention to be ratified quickly so as to prevent the risk of any potential fragmentation of this legal mechanism.
Joint investigation teams basically have carte blanche, in that they are set up by however many Member States want to, for however long they want, with the involvement of any services they want and for whatever purpose they think fit.
It is, however, self-evident that, right now, there is a particularly great need for such an extension.
I do not, however, want any misunderstandings to arise concerning this matter. To avoid misunderstandings, it would therefore be better to change the Eurojust wording.
Some parts of it have, however, already been overtaken by reality, as the breakneck speed of developments in European internal affairs and justice policy since the terrorist attacks on 11 September might well have made this report and this submission largely obsolete, at least as regards extradition policy.
It would be a shame, however, if, after displaying this great, understandable concern about the nuisance caused by unsolicited commercial e-mails, we prepared, on the other hand, to give national police authorities full access to our personal data whenever they want it.
Our positions have moved closer, without, however, becoming identical.
It does not go as far as the Environment Committee would have wished, particularly in relation to the duration of travel - the Environment Committee would have preferred four hours - however, if eight hours is complied with, it will be a really welcome advance in animal welfare.
There is, however, no control over the implementation of these.
The extent and effectiveness of this action, however, vary considerably.
It has, however, criticised the excessive incidence of errors in cash movements.
That is why we need to be clear that this is a very sensitive area and however ambitious we may be, we still need to proceed very carefully and prudently.
The European Parliament cannot, however, remain indifferent to how one of its members is treated.
It also needs to be made clear, however, that, in the case of services with social welfare in mind, the type of transmission - be it terrestrial or videostreaming - cannot be crucial.
The Commission' s proposals, however, contain the usual double language. On the one hand, there is reference to the interests of citizens, and therefore to the need for services of general interest, whilst on the other, several of the Commission' s directives accentuate liberalisation and deregulation of public services.
At the same time, however, the Commission states that the progress of liberalisation is positive and relies on the content of the Lisbon meeting of the Council of Ministers to step up this process.
The instruments, however, sometimes differ significantly as a consequence not only of different cultural developments, but also of the Member States' differing administrative structures.
The Member States must, however, continue in future to be able to decide what services they will categorise as being of general interest.
It appears, however, that the danger was under-estimated, and then it was too late to deal with it.
Although there have been no major objections to the text itself, we can only stress, however, that it has arrived too late and that it contains some ambiguities, which arise from the design faults in the single currency.
A wrongly-conceived protection of personal data can, however, have unwanted side-effects.
In view of how important it is for this report to be adopted by Parliament as soon as possible, the compromise that is on the table must, however, be viewed as an acceptable, if ultimately less desirable, alternative.
The author of the report, a supporter, surely, of the market economy, is sensitive, however, to the irrational and harmful effect of the law of profitability in the film industry.
The restrictions described in Item 8 are, however, the wrong way to go about it.
The proposals put forward by the report do not however solve these problems.
This new communication, however, pushes us into a difficult position.
The treaty, however, does not give it any right to do this.
We must, however, be very attentive to the Commission' s attempts to wield imperialist powers.
In any case, however, we cannot give up direct rule as a method of management.
Like a few of my fellow MEPs, however, I have noticed one shortcoming: there are no proposals on state aid and transparency.
I do not know what the Court of Auditors is referring to in this instance; it may be to the work of the Council working party on nuclear energy issues, which, however, is not a Commission office.
In neither case, however, was there any evidence that the consumption of energy drinks was the cause of death.
It did make considerable efforts to overcome the problems, unfortunately, however, without success.
Once the Agency has met the basic conditions enabling us to set the budgetary process in motion, however, the Commission will submit a proposal and the ball will then be in the court of the Member States and Parliament to implement this decision.
It must, however, be pointed out, Mr President, that the Commission cannot set school curricula.
I cannot, however, force a minister to put a particular language on his or her agenda.
In the light of information already provided by Denmark, however, the Commission considers that the proposal is disproportionate to the objective pursued and does not appear, therefore, to comply with the rules of the internal market.
We must not leave aside environmental issues, however, which are inseparable from energy use.
That does not mean, however, that the European Union should not do more to promote the use of alternative energies and safer and cleaner energies.
They are presented today, however, in a very broad range of demands, some of which are extremely bold and that is why I am able to support the package put forward by Mr Chichester, whom I wish to compliment on his report.
Now, however, it has arrived as something I very much welcome.
I am of the opinion that, in the long term, all substances will need to be registered, but that in the medium- and short-term, priorities will need to be set; the latter, however, not simply on the basis of production volumes. Smaller volumes too must also be granted sufficient attention, and the starting point should really be the intrinsic characteristics of a substance.
States must, however, maintain control over pricing and regulation.
Some Members, however, found the temptation to include proposals on the prospects for privatisation in this sector too strong to resist.
We think, however, that these objectives should be linked to the quantity of the product that is packaged and put on the market.
The Commission is not, however, in a position to accept the other amendments tabled for the following reasons.
A situation should not, however, arise in which ethical differences are exploited as a competitive factor.
I should, however, like to refer in particular to the biotechnology industry, to which we must pay special attention because it is involved with the science of living beings.
Clearly, millions and millions of human beings are at risk and threatened with death. There is, however, a strong chance that these new technologies could produce cures or improved treatments.
I believe that identifying the eight priority thematic areas for research is an innovative, important and positive idea; there is, however, a danger that small and medium-sized European enterprises might be excluded from the identification of areas structurally more suited to large businesses.
Lastly, to conclude, a remark on the Euratom programme: I agree with the appropriations proposed in the report; we need to give the green light to the ITER project, which must not, however, be confused with the nuclear power schemes we know today.
The Commission is, however, present in the person of Commissioner Bolkenstein, who will, of course, speak on behalf of the Commission at the end of the debate.
What Latin America needs, however, are not only association agreements but general strategies to promote an investment-friendly climate, and this can only be achieved if there is political stability and an end to capital flight.
We also consider, however, that we need to give priority to the resolution of development problems in many Latin American countries, where there are 200 million poor people.
It would be remiss of me, however, if I omitted to mention the constructive cooperation with the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy.
At the same time, however, we must strike a careful balance between justified defensive mechanisms and anti-market protectionism benefiting certain sectors through State aid, which impedes fair competition.
Mr President, as regards 320, I can go along with the proposed addition concerning quality as regards nutrition. I cannot however accept the deletions contained in this amendment.
Simultaneously, however, we must ensure that EC regulations do not cause any unnecessary bureaucracy.
There should, however, be two exceptions to this ban: supernumerary embryos and the 64 available cell lines.
What the country does need, however, is emergency aid and development aid on a large scale.
What future can there be, however, without half of the population?
The end of the Taliban dictatorship opens the door to a process of democratic reconstruction, which, however, is still far from a foregone conclusion.
As, however, Syria plays a crucial role, a great deal more needs to be done there.
I have, however, received an answer from the Commission regarding the regulation' s compliance with the WTO rules.
The Commission proposal, however, will undermine these prospects for a long time.
At the same time, however, the Commission issued a proposal to the effect that operating aid could be allowed to individual shipyards temporarily during the WTO procedure.
The Council, however, is again conspicuous by being absent.
Each time there are drifts, however, they are dangerous and they must be stamped out.
I shall, however, take note of the fact that you would like the Council to bring up this matter.
I can tell you, however, that if there were no chips in Belgium, this would, in my view, be a considerable national problem.
The second is that it undermines the freedom of pricing, which we actually believed was carefully safeguarded by the Commission. For the euro, however, which of our grand principles would we not allow to be sacrificed?
We must be careful to ensure, however, and this has already been mentioned several times - that, as cross-border charges go down, domestic charges are not increased correspondingly.
The second part, however, comes across as somewhat mysterious, and the Commission is finding it difficult to pass judgment on it at this stage.
We did, however, table a number of amendments.
The fundamental causes of this crisis are, however, of a structural nature: crippling competition between the airlines, built-in overcapacity, a general economic recession and bad decisions by management.
Whether or not we should make an exception in this case should, however, be placed in the correct context.
Could you confirm, however, that there will be an opportunity for those two commissioners to report to us on the important negotiations at Doha and whether the EU's views were accepted or not.
I do wish to make this observation, however, because people were probably surprised that the insertion of the amendment made no sense at all in the context of Euratom.
It does not, however, because three Members of the Union are not part of the euro zone.
Article 123(4), however, requires unanimous approval in Council, and Article 95 only requires a qualified majority.
It is very difficult, however, to discern in the resolution, even one clearly stated guideline.
Given the major interactions of energy choices, however, it might be useful to do as the Green Paper does and opt for a longer-term approach and study this issue at European level.
At the same time, I am however, on behalf of my group, also in favour of the transport policy, as postulated and laid down in the White Paper - I will say this once more in conclusion - being implemented quickly, in fact very quickly indeed, so that steps can be taken as soon as possible to avoid there being more accidents like the one in the Gotthard Tunnel.
In a personal meeting with his American opposite number, President Bush less than two weeks ago, President Obasanja reassured President Bush once again of his support for the International Coalition against terrorism. On that same fateful Friday, 2 November, however, as the representative of the thirteenth federal state incorporating Islamic penal law, he was also faced with implementing the decree in Kaduna to introduce Islamic penal law, the shari'ah.
The European Union should not, however, be indifferent to what is happening in this the most populous country in Africa.
The trust has, however, suddenly turned to deep concern.
Unfortunately, however, governments themselves are not always entirely blameless.
Very often, however, they are hindered from taking part in our society.
It is important that we should open up to and consult with the organisations that enrich civil society, however, we must not forget that democratic legitimacy is essentially achieved through elected representatives.
I also agree with your desire, in response to statement 23, for an enlarged agenda which, however, the Convention should set for itself.
I shall, however, try to answer as accurately as I can.
Everyone says that they are in favour of enlargement; everyone says that it is an important political and historical step. At the same time, however, a number of people seem to put forward arguments as if they have not heard what has been said, to express their reservations over enlargement.
I should like to raise the same issue without, however, repeating what has already been said on the matter.
I would say, however, that it is, nevertheless, important to emphasise some specific mechanisms that should be included in this framework decision in order to guarantee and safeguard the fundamental rights of our citizens.
I also wish to make it clear, however, that, where the European arrest warrant is concerned, an agreement can certainly be concluded on the list of thirty-four offences to which Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck has just referred.
By the same token, however, the democratic State governed by the rule of law rejects those who express their ideas through bloodshed.
As well as thinking about the future, however, I cannot help but think with a certain degree of bitterness that these two provisions have come far too late, for the victims.
Upon reflection, however, it is interesting to note in this context that most countries have adequate rules.
Today, the situation can vary between one county and another, even between one airport and another; however, the Commission does not think that this factor could improve the effectiveness of the security measures.
I can inform you, however, that every suspected case of fraud, especially in the Structural Funds, is passed on to OLAF.
I am, however, full of admiration for the work completed.
I do agree that it would be appropriate to reduce the transitional period during which the various fuels could coexist. For the reasons I adduced earlier, however, a degree of flexibility should be afforded to certain countries.
The new fuel ought to be brought in for non-road mobile machinery as well. It should, however, be introduced more gradually in this case, for the same reasons as I outlined in relation to cars.
Most of all, however, we need zero-sulphur fuel because we want new technologies to come on to the market, not in order to reduce conventional emissions but to consume less.
I want to ask you, however, one more thing, namely that, when restructuring the Commission' s work and policy in the Balkans; you will really use, to the full, the imagination that I am sure you, Commissioner, and many of your colleagues possess.
I want however to respond slightly differently to two of the arguments which have been put and which you will understand.
According to information received from the International Monetary Fund, however, it is clear that additional external financing will be required to eliminate the further financing deficit of EUR 150 million.
The amendments concerning political conditionality, the financial Regulation and the multiannual financial framework are acceptable, in principle. In some specific cases, however, they do present certain difficulties with regard to presentation or consistency.
It was only last month, however, that Parliament received the documentation enabling it to begin its work. Furthermore, the documentation was incomplete and did not allow us to work properly.
Beyond the concerns for the future, however, I think it is true to say that between these two historic moments a new approach to medicine emerged: curative medicine is giving way to a regenerative form of medicine oriented towards prediction.
I have the feeling, however, that, when we get down to the details of the regulation, some of the principles that we have upheld so strongly dissolve away inexplicably.
It is also true, however, that we cannot allow the need for the results of progress to become the undisputed heritage of all human kind, to be sidelined.
I refuse, however, to believe that research into the curing of diseases must involve the use of human embryos.
We must not submit to ideologies or dogmas either, however, let alone seek to establish new ones.
More important for me, however, are the numerous letters which I have received from scientific academies, medical companies and patient associations begging us not to clamp down on such promising and hopeful research.
I do, however, find the research into the 72 embryonic stem cell lines that were already in existence before 1 August 2001 acceptable in basic research.
When discussing the ethics of genetic technology, people often raise the ogre of the threat of the superhuman; however the true danger lies not in the idea of creating the superhuman, but in the control of the 'subhuman' .
In fact, a supposedly civilised society such as ours, which flies the flag of human rights, cannot tolerate the manipulation of the human being, even in its embryonic state, however noble the objective may be.
I notice, however, that only EUR 1.215 million is being appropriated for these inspections.
Once again, however, subsidies are being proposed, not for consumers, but for producers.
For this to happen, however, there has to be a European criminal code, Madam President, which I have often called for.
The UEN Group and the Italian delegation, in particular, however, finds it impossible to vote in favour of the Bösch resolution, although it obviously agrees with that part of its content that shows the political will to fight fraud more effectively.
Such freedom, however, must not lead to the erosion of ethical boundaries.
Research on adult and foetal stem cells should, however, be given priority.
I think that, for this slightly rushed debate to be held in more favourable conditions - the debate is, however, scheduled for Wednesday - it would be helpful for Parliament to obtain a copy of the letter that the United States government sent to Mr Prodi and Mr Prodi' s reply.
The Council, however, were not prepared to accept them in the body of the text.
Whatever we say and however we behave, new crises will occur and there will be new scandals.
Let us never forget, however, that it must be implemented. Otherwise, it will be merely hot air.
Its intervention must be proportionate to the level of risk, in other words, if there are simply rumours, communication must then be stepped up. If, however, there is a risk, the required precautionary measures must be taken; if there is a danger, then preventative measures are necessary.
In the case of transparency, I can only agree with the previous speakers; however, transparency also means that there is cooperation with the consumer organisations.
I know that this directive may not be the place for such detailed information, however, in the absence of any movement from the operators, I believe it is important for us to highlight this issue.
In order to give them a better chance in the market, however, more financial and fiscal burdens have to be taken off their backs.
It was also clearly stated that the producer, must however, and I see the 'must however' as very important here, state the exact percentages involved at the customer' s request.
Mr President, I, too, am of the opinion that this was a good report, and that the result from the Conciliation Committee opens the way to implementation, which, however, I am sure will take some time yet.
I am pleased, however, that an acceptable solution has been found in the conciliation with the declaration of all feed materials under their specific name indicating the exact percentages with a tolerance level of around 15%.
I cannot, however, guarantee that I will be in a position to present a legislative proposal on the establishment of a positive list.
Before setting out these proposals, I would like, however, to go through the fundamental principles on which, I believe, our cooperation must be based.
To maintain perfect transparency, however, I have also asked the Secretary-General of the Commission to forward immediately to the Secretary-General of Parliament the preliminary list of proposals put forward by the Commission departments which formed the basis for the work programme for 2002.
We must, however, consider the need to improve the coordination of the budgetary policies of the countries in the euro zone.
Thanks to the single market, however, the benefits will be visible everywhere.
The debate on Europe and on the future has, however, spread well beyond the confines of the White Paper and has taken on a more clearly Constitutional tone.
What happened the other day in the Conference of Presidents, however, and what has happened again today, requires clarification.
There are, however, questions in the legislative programme to which we need answers.
We of course unreservedly acknowledge the fact that it is very important that the work programme is clearly comprehensible politically, which is the case here; this does not, however, exempt you from presenting a legislative programme.
What I would ask, however, is that we be informed of dates for meetings with the committee chairmen a long time in advance; indeed, I assure you that on the few occasions when we were unable to meet, it was because we already had absolutely unbreakable commitments.
Thanks to the European Union, however, and here I believe we can thank Pascal Lamy for his firm stance, we have the beginnings of a broad agenda - the environment, investment and competition can be negotiated on the basis of an explicit consensus.
If we are to achieve that, however, they and we will have to overcome some major inconsistencies.
We, however, believe that it was necessary to state what the criteria should be and to insist upon that.
On the one hand, however, the market prices received by the producers have fluctuated markedly in the last few years, while, on the other, the European Union still has a shortfall of about 15 000 tonnes.
Yet we must not give way to panic, for let us not forget that the European food chain is one of the safest in the world. If it is to be effective and credible, however, the Authority will have to be supported by top scientific experts, while also drawing on the network of existing national agencies.
This does not mean, however, that there are no criticisms to be levelled at the Commission; these derive above all from the type of report it has given us and not from the implementation of the Trans-European Networks.
This does not, however, mean that everything is fine and that no criticisms should be made.
This acceptance of the financial framework must not, however, lead us to forget how tight it is.
The point I wish to put to the President-in-Office, however, concerns Laeken.
Silent agony, however, is easily neglected. We must keep closer watch.
I do, however, regret certain cuts, in the case of the Balkans for example, but I am also pleased with the success achieved in MEDA recovery.
At the same time, however, the Council tried to railroad us here in Parliament into a quick decision.
The issue, however, is far too important to be left on the shelf to gather dust.
The Commission, however, also clearly expresses its preferences, which, taken together, form a coherent system.
I am, however, optimistic, because this goal can be achieved together, with the support of the European Parliament.
That was not, however, what my question was about;
In reality, however, that authorisation, which the ACP states had been waiting for for months, seems more like blackmail as far as they are concerned.
I do, however, support the promotion of health in the candidate countries where even basic health care is below standard.
The common position on the other areas, however, is in my view a great improvement on what the Commission originally submitted and on the documents produced by the first reading in Parliament.
This evening, when everything was ready, we learned however that the Council did not want to accept this compromise.
The Commission shares, however, Parliament's concerns in this regard and agrees, therefore, that this return can only happen under strict conditions.
The rapporteur is once again proposing, however, an amendment that appeared in the first reading, which has to do with a second stage of mandatory limit values that would apply from 2006.
Measures connected with this can, however, only be taken after a thorough evaluation has been undertaken.
In the 21st century, however, intangible elements such as knowledge and information, creativity and a spirit of adventure are becoming key to increasing competitiveness.
The setting up of Eurojust is a real step forward for the citizens; the rights of defendants and the protection of data do, however, need better guarantees.
Our concern must, however, be with pressing the Member States to speedily implement all the measures we have decided on.
It must be made quite clear, however, that there can be no tolerance for violent demonstrators.
I hope that in Laeken we can make progress, however small, and make a new commitment in accordance with what the Commission said in its two communications on asylum and on immigration.
Here again, however, we will have to clarify the rules on exchanges of personal data within the framework of mutual judicial assistance involving third countries.
The prospect of a serious political dialogue is becoming an increasingly distant possibility. Dialogue however is the only way forward; there is no other credible option.
On the other hand, however - and let there be no misunderstanding on this point - critical of the Palestinian authorities who could have done more and must do more in the future to combat terrorist attacks and dismantle networks.
I am tired, so tired of these repeated debates where it is so difficult to make progress: it would, however, be a silence in which you could hear the muffled voices of those who have been killed, who are calling for peace and justice, as Izzat Ghazzawi and Nurit Peled said this morning; it would be a silence which tells the consciences of all men and women that there can only be peace in Palestine and Israel if the Palestinian people is allowed to exercise the right to live in its own State, existing alongside the State of Israel, in mutual security.
The questions we are dealing with are on the subject of the Laeken European Council and the current European Union, however interesting the proposals made by some Members of this House may be.
I should like to ask a supplementary question, now that Nigeria has just starting producing AIDS drugs which are, however, old generation drugs of very dubious effectiveness.
The rapporteur, however, is advised to prick up his ears now, for I was the only nay in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Security and Defence Policy.
We support the aims of the document generally; however, we also feel, as does the rapporteur, that there are a few vague aspects, possibly prejudiced by the rigidity of the current system of support.
It is of crucial importance, however, that we do not wish to isolate the forces of change internationally in ancient Persia.
In the event of accidents, however, water routes are highly vulnerable, and environmental damage recognises no borders.
Today, however, there are considerable differences of opinion at European level.
I am, I feel, obliged, however, to dedicate this speech to the children who were killed yesterday by the Israeli army, simply because they were born Palestinians.
It appears, however, that these gentlemen know how to live in peace when they have to.
It is true, however, that the conflict of man with his heart is the noblest sort of struggle.
I do not, however, understand how we can end the vote at 11 a.m. and debate a very important report on social and economic problems after 5 p.m., when there may not be many Members present in the House.
Because of procedural rules and lack of time, however, this oral amendment proved impossible to submit.
The intention, however, was to emphasise that the benchmark should be seen in the context, not only of total donor spending, but also taking into account recipient country wishes.
The result of this, however, will have to be evaluated by the European Commission.
I should be pleased, however, if there were also better safeguards for the crews, who do not have an easy life on board oil tankers, and I should be pleased, above all, if the electronic and navigational appliances were improved.
The Commission does not, however, ignore the reality that many people in modern societies wish to sustain stable partnerships but do not wish to enter into matrimony.
This would, however, be of minor importance and the resulting rights would be limited.
We can, however, make a reasonable estimate, and on that basis, we can forecast that the budgetary impact of the above measures will be modest.
We will happily consider, however, any proposal that stable recognised partnerships qualify if home countries recognise or if a country of employment recognises them.
I would, however like to say that I am the deputy chairman of this committee and I was treated in exactly the same manner.
At this point, however, I cannot do anything.
The Commission is, however, disappointed that the government has still not signed the memorandum of understanding required for the deployment of EU observers, and it is continuing to urge the government to sign promptly.
If I say two female politicians, however, then I must also say that these are two women who have been elected.
That is why it is important to stress that these two Sakharov prize-winners obviously ought to be received by our Parliament but also have their fundamental freedom restored to them. We should also recognise, however, not only that Articles 10 and 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights should apply to them, of course, but also that it is real-life democracy that is at stake here, and that in one case we are dealing with Turkey, a candidate country for accession to the European Union.
We are in danger of forgetting that without conflict and social controversy, however heated and powerful, there can be no democracy.
Other developments in the country must, however, continue.
I do not, however, think I need add anything else, irrespective of which language I might wish to use.
I must stress, however, that to achieve this result it would be important to set up a single European Internet site that gathered together all job requests and offers from all 15 States in the Union.
I am, however, speaking completely from the heart when I say that both my group and myself truly appreciate and have a great deal of respect for your Presidency.
I should, however, also like to thank the Commission very much.
I do not think, however, that we will achieve the concrete results in Johannesburg that we will have obtained in the fight against the greenhouse effect, or in the protection of biodiversity.
I note with interest that in the final text of the Declaration issued by EU Heads of State, they say "The European Union is a success story but 50 years on, however, the Union stands at a crossroads, a defining moment in its existence" .
I would, however, like to add my congratulations to the President-in-Office of the Council for his management of the summit.
What is not, however, good enough is that three men are being employed to head up this work.
Fortunately, however, something good came out of it as well.
I do think, however, that had we tried, we could have found an older woman who could have also made an important contribution to the praesidium.
I think the best decision taken at the Laeken Summit, however, was that by Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt, whose personal contribution certainly lies behind Belgium' s success there, as he very quickly put a stop to the row over agencies.
There is a real doubt, however, that these statements of principle will actually become reality.
A good declaration, however, must not remain mere empty words.
The problem, however, lies in the fact that three distinguished European statesmen, each with a long life' s work behind them, have now been appointed to lead the Convention.
The way the matter was dealt with by the Council, however, was more reminiscent of a farce, which, according to the German newspaper Die Welt, put even all the soap operas in the shade.
This means, however, that there is another risk, if I may say so.
During the coming months, however, the Government of the Kingdom of Spain will be at your side watching how faithfully you are following the path marked out by your predecessor.
To some extent, however, Spain will not break any new ground.
Energy, however, is not like other goods or services.
Indeed, I feel that, in addition to its great symbolic significance, the introduction of the euro will not bring immediate short-term effects for our economy or in terms of the rate of inflation; however I do feel that it provides Europe with a wonderful opportunity to develop in a climate of stability, particularly as regards the medium and long term.
Is there not a third option, however, that of a single currency without a State?
Apart from the purely economic aspects, however, what is happening with our institutional structure?
The thresholds, or the value below which the directives are not binding. This value, which - as I have said - is already relatively high, corresponds, however, to the value laid down in the agreements with third countries, in line with the Commission' s proposal.
Article 53 of this has to be changed so that it is significantly easier to take account of the environment in awarding contracts. In the second directive of the two - namely the proposal for a directive coordinating the procurement procedures of entities operating in the water, energy and transport sectors -the same change is not, however, made to Article 54, which is of course identical to Article 53 in the directive first referred to.
I want to say, however, that, in this context, it is quite often a question of self-governing local authorities which operate in such a way that, if a mistake is made and people are not satisfied, the latter can replace the decision makers.
There is, however, a difference between the environmental and the 'social' issues.
The unfortunate consequences of these amendments are not alleviated by Amendment No 147, however good its intentions.
Amendment No 76 on the coal and solid fuel sector is acceptable to the extent that it requires voluntary application of Directive 94/22 to be taken into account for the purposes of Article 29, however without such voluntary application being associated with any legal presumption.
We have to assess whether suitably adapted and applicable technologies exist, for in many instances, due to the climate, particular conditions, or size of a company, for example, technologies can differ. The results, however, should be the same.
We cannot, however, just come up with credible objectives for a ten-year period.
It is, however, also important to emphasise what we in actual fact agree about, that is to say the overall structure and the priorities.
I am also, of course, able to approve the additional objectives proposed by the Commission in its communication on sustainable development prior to the Gothenburg Summit, that is to say Amendments Nos 11, 15, 16 and 27. That is, however, on condition that they faithfully reflect our communication.
I cannot however accept the other amendments tabled.
In 2001, however, certain limitations came to light, for example the lack of results obtained from the last Council of Transport Ministers with regard to the Galileo project.
It was noted, however, that this proposal could not be expected to be a universal remedy.
In the many discussions we have had with the industry, we have also, however, established that shortages in the labour force must not result in this directive having a restrictive effect.
The last thing we should do, however, is to throw a spanner in the works for road transport.
The basic training requirement for drivers must not however prevent existing drivers from returning to the sector.
Most important, however, is to ensure that the training makes it possible to truly improve the professional competence of drivers, exactly as Mrs Sanders-ten Holte recently emphasised here.
This proposal is, therefore, essential in order to improve this situation, and only Community legislation to make it mandatory can fulfil this objective. These amendments, however, would lead to reduced safety standards and a clear distortion of competition.
It should be pointed out, however, that there are also aspects of this new Convention that make us rather apprehensive.
This does not prevent us, however, from supporting it and encouraging its ratification.
This position is not reflected, however, in the report now under our consideration, which, despite containing some acceptable and praiseworthy aspects, has not been drawn up with the necessary energy to counteract the positions of the Commission.
The dimension of this sector in extremely remote regions, its characteristics and, above all, its impact on all fishing activities in Europe should, however, make it much easier than anticipated to justify the practical and specific measures for extremely remote regions, particularly in terms of resource and fleet quotas, of support for coastal fishing and aquaculture, as well as public limits on investment, upon which the growth of this activity in these regions depends.
The Commission does not, however, address the extent to which this impact could have proven disastrous, had it not been for the responsible action of Scottish fishermen, for example, who voluntarily tied up at their own cost.
For example, we are not asking for exceptions to be made for the Mediterranean to current bans such as those on the swordfish nets known as spadare; however, we are calling for agreements with third countries banning or limiting this method of fishing, for otherwise, we will merely be penalising our fishermen without resolving the problem of overfishing.
This agreement, however, takes us in the right direction.
Aggression, however it is dressed up, lies at the heart of imperialism.
I should like, however, to emphasise two points on which the rapporteur adopts a different approach to the one I have advocated and which I feel are of vital importance to this discussion.
I consider, however, that keeping control of this distribution is essential, as is establishing mechanisms to correct the distribution whenever justified.
It is also worth pointing out, however, that we are not, in this field, working with a blank piece of paper: we are working within a legal framework which exists and which is - if I may say so - consolidated.
In this particular case there is an upside, insofar as the integration of capital markets is helped; at the same time, however, the increasing leverage of financial institutions, inter alia, has already given rise to various risks will do so in the future.
This proposal for a framework decision, however, as Mr Oostlander quite rightly pointed out, proposes nothing new and nor does it strengthen the mechanisms for combating international drug trafficking.
I must say, however, that some amendments cause me great concern as they run counter to the Tampere objectives.
This possibility, however, already exists today because a third-country national can always request a uniform visa, the so-called 'C' visa, and move around freely on that basis.
In practice, however, the programme moved far too slowly.
Improving the energy performance of buildings, however it is defined, is the most difficult issue that I have ever had to grapple with.
The setting of efficiency levels at Community level is, however, not yet feasible.
I cannot, however, support Amendment No 2, which I find unnecessarily far-reaching.
I should, however, like to touch upon the matter of supervision.
The report could, however, have been more vigorous when it comes to environmental issues.
It would, however, be unfortunate if Amendment No 2 were not to be adopted.
What is perhaps most remarkable of all, however, is how little all this is discussed by the Bank' s owners, in the Member States and in the parliaments of the various Member States which, I believe, are in many cases quite unaware of the Bank' s activities.
What is important, however, is that this new positive attitude also be followed up by practical measures.
It is therefore a great pleasure for me to attempt to answer the questions that have been raised, bearing in mind that five minutes does not, of course, give me enough time to provide a detailed answer. We will, however, have the opportunity to continue the dialogue, particularly within the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, under the dynamic chairmanship of Mrs Randzio-Plath and on the basis of the excellent report by Mr Olle Schmidt.
In this context, Parliament has two distinct aims, which could have been conflicting: on the one hand, the need to secure a more significant, effective role for Parliament in these matters, to secure, that is, greater democratic legitimisation of the rules we are debating; on the other hand, however, there is the urgent need to conclude the Financial Services Action Plan with all speed in order to implement the common market in this sector.
At the same time, however, Mr Bolkestein is warning us that the Commission cannot guarantee us this equivalence.
Of course, Article 14 expired a long time ago, back in December 1992; however, as the internal market has not quite been completed, the purpose of the Commission's first proposal was to serve the objectives of Article 93, with which we have no choice but to agree, given that they derive directly from the Treaty.
The Commission is, however, of the opinion that this will lead to less rather than more harmonisation of tobacco taxation.
It is, however, regrettable and disturbing that self-employed lorry drivers have not, for the time being, been included in the scope of the directive.
Political rights are, however, an integral part of any integration policy.
The nobility, however, the new nobility of people with noble intentions, must be allowed to enter Europe.
It is true, however, that if the Treaty of Amsterdam had not been ratified, the weaknesses that the Commission is now exploiting would not exist.
By condemning the coordination problems alone, the report is, however, concealing the dreadful lack of resources.
The implementation and integration of the securities markets must, however, be based on a more effective decision-making process - I refer here to the Lamfalussy report - which safeguards the interinstitutional balance while fully respecting all the levels of democratic control established and in operation.
Any movement in the right direction is worth trying, however small it may be.
I think, however, that the general attitude of the Fifteen is still greatly out of touch with the extreme seriousness of the situation in the Middle East.
We have also, however, seen the siege by the Israeli army increasingly close in on the Palestinian population and its institutions.
That said, the tragic but fragmented events - bloody attacks, arms trafficking, the mutual accusations of murder, terrorism, the repeated failures at maintaining a truce, the unacceptable destruction - are sad consequences, which must not, however, be confused with the profound causes of the situation.
This surrealism, however, is welcome if it can bring us closer to peace and development in the region, not only for Palestine.
I would like to say however - and I hope I am wrong - that I hope these talks by Mr Sharon with these supposed terrorists from a supposed terrorist organisation, are not simply another attempt to gain time before his meeting with President Bush in Washington tomorrow.
We must, however, also turn our attention to other matters because now we have a crisis in the Middle East and tension on the borders of the European Union.
An exclusive dealership may, however, sell to any potential buyer that approaches its showroom.
I will, however, pass this message on to my colleague, Mr Bolkestein.
To date, 48 countries have already ratified the Rome Statute, including all the EU Member States apart from Portugal (which has, however, already completed the relevant domestic procedures), Greece and Ireland.
It is generally known, however, that the current legal framework is not up to the task.
The Commission, however, could have gone still further to speed up cooperation and increase flexibility.
There is one point, however, where the Commission proposal goes too far.
We cannot, however, be satisfied with the progress made up to the present day.
It is clear, however, that new and permanent jobs will not be created by trying to maintain dilapidated structures.
It is, however, important that this should not lead to our seeing a freer flow of viruses.
My group, however, is divided over the measures to be adopted in this field, although I personally fully support the report by Mr Olsson.
I would, however, emphasise in conclusion that the danger is not over.
There is, however, one aspect of the Council decision that concerns me.
I am particularly proud, however, of having been able to participate in the little delegation that visited the United States last week.
To ensure the supply of basic levels of energy, however, nuclear energy is the only realistic option.
Against certain legal advice, we are now, however, satisfied that our opinion on this matter is being heard, and this is because we have said how important it is to have the Protocol ratified at long last.
The emphasis placed on language learning, on strengthening the ties between the world of work and civil society, on the need to find more attractive images to encourage students and teachers' learning and mobility must not, however, mask the practical root of the problem: the need for financing which respects the choices of the individual.
It is important that the era for change which is enlargement should not be reduced to a budgetary debate about small change or large change, however one may perceive that to be.
What is most important, however - and what we have a very great appetite for - are reforms to this House of ours.
Mr President, I have just returned from Porto Alegre, and I understand the concerns of Mr Bush and his allies in the face of this huge movement that is fighting rampant globalisation. I, however, have chosen the camp I support;
It is clear, however, that it is in danger of weakening legal certainty.
Just a few months further on, however, there are circles that are busy relativising the threats by distancing Europe from the United States.
At our previous sitting, however, Parliament did not hesitate to vote in favour of a resolution that refused to facilitate the extradition of terrorists or potential terrorists, who have been arrested in the EU, to the United States.
Any controls, especially preventive controls, however important, cannot reverse these trends, as the fact that most problems are identified with hindsight, once they have taken on tragic proportions and caused massive public health problems, goes to show.
That is why we believe that we cannot achieve complete food safety with communications and resolutions, however progressive they may be, because they cannot and will not touch capitalist methods of production.
In the capacity in which I am speaking today, however, I must limit myself to listing the objectives pursued in the opinion delivered by my Committee, which have been partially echoed in the motions for resolutions we are now discussing, specifically in Nos 13, 14 and 15.
Upgrading the role of the national parliaments in giving credence to European decisions will strengthen the procedure in question; at the same time, however, it honours the role of the nation states as the legal and cultural expression of their people in this exciting unifying structure.
The principles of decentralisation and subsidiarity must be taken as far as possible. We must, however, be careful.
I would, however, like to highlight some priorities which appear important, particularly on the ground, when I visit my citizens.
Therefore, I do not believe that the threat has been contained and nor do I believe that the Indonesian Government, however many measures it has taken, is able to deal with the threat to Indonesia posed by this very large organisation.
Improving cohesion policy is necessary, however, not only to counter the huge regional imbalances that will result from the entry of scores of least-favoured regions in the current candidate countries, but also to continue to deal with the backwardness that still exists in the current Europe of fifteen countries, particularly in the outermost regions.
One issue which, however, recurred in the debate on this directive, and which Mr Jarzembowski addressed, is that of whether there should be different speeds for different categories of vehicle.
We must, however, take ambitious measures and do so quickly.
I, however, want Europe to be modern, technologically on the ball, quite literally the worldwide Number One.
I hope that, however we vote on the amendments, tomorrow' s vote will be an overall majority in favour of the Galileo report.
This right to knowledge is not currently realised, however, as 10 to 20% of the population of the European Union, or as many as 30 % if we count the candidate countries, are considered to be illiterate: 45% in Portugal, 35% in Italy, 22% in Ireland and Great Britain, 15% in Germany and France and, to add the candidate countries: 42% in Slovenia and Poland, 33% in Hungary, 29% in Bulgaria and 20% in Lithuania.
We are still seeing not only major delays in this policy' s implementation, however, but also that concerns with social policies are not being reflected in other policies and in the Community budget and we are even seeing a reduction in funds in the fields of employment and social affairs, which is unacceptable.
I take the view, however, that the end result of this purely optional solution to financial participation will be that the investments Galileo will need will be raised by the public sector alone.
Alas, however, we have yet to make any significant achievements.
The organisation in the occupied territories, of elections based on the theme of peace would act, however, as a lever that would force the Palestinians to adopt a clear position with regard to the Intifada and terrorism.
This wealth, however, has never been so poorly distributed.
There is a point, however, to which the Napolitano report claims, according to the explanatory statement, to have brought 'an extremely important innovation' : that is, the proposal of some sort of 'joint constituent power' .
When democracies engage in such a fight, they must however show respect for human rights and legal principles.
But, ladies and gentlemen, however terrible their barbarianism, it will not stop the march of history.
With a view to the desired de-politicisation of society, however, it is an effective instrument.
At almost every part-session, however, we have to remark upon the fact that, in these areas and in many others, things in Russia are not working.
Not a day or week goes by, however, when there is not an article on Chechnya in our newspapers.
I do feel, however, that we must reiterate the need for transparent elections, for we must promote the development of democratic awareness and culture just as we must promote the growth of civil society.
Workers must be on standby whenever and for however long their employers choose.
Because, following pressure from the Commission, the directive is, however, shortly to be elevated to the status of law in Denmark, we can only express our dissatisfaction with the Commission' s interference in a system that operates well.
At this point, however, we cannot prepare properly for enlargement without more staff.
I can assure you, however, that we are addressing the issue and we intend to resolve it openly and constructively.
We are, however, setting an example of solidarity.
The Minister of Justice, however, forwarded the request for waiver of immunity, together with the forwarding letters from the public prosecutor at First Instance and at the Court of Appeal, without attaching any further remarks.
A great deal remains to be done, however: I am thinking of the Community patent, the Galileo project, which seems to have received fresh impetus in the last few hours - and we truly hope that it will be able to make progress - and the new legal framework for public procurement.
The Commission' s initiative, however, is written from a strange point of view.
I fear, however, that the great expectation that my fellow countrymen have of the Union will be disappointed.
The most important thing, however, is that we can see the values of justice and of the fight against impunity spreading to the five continents.
It is also true, however, that, until it is banned, HADEP is a legally recognised party in Turkey and no one can be arrested simply for being a member of this party.
We did not expect, however, to find out some weeks later from the President of the HADEP party himself, Mr Murat Bozlak, that he was summoned before the Constitutional Court to face a likely ban on the political party that he leads.
In line with the decision adopted at the Stockholm European Council in March 2001 to adopt all the necessary measures to ensure that the .eu top level domain is available users, as soon as possible, the Commission has resolved, however, to accept the regulatory procedure for Article 3(1) and Article 5, in order to facilitate the early adoption of this regulation, and with the confidence that this step can further promote the spirit of collaboration needed to achieve the objective set at the Stockholm Council.
There is, however, a continual need for fundamental reform and a new administrative culture in the Commission.
The problem, however, is that the Convention itself has no legal basis and that the normal budgetary principles did not, therefore, apply.
Given the Convention' s working method, the lion' s share of these costs, however, will be accounted for in terms of the normal activities of national parliaments and European institutions.
Most of the costs will, however, be borne by the European institutions.
It is, however, clear from the report that I have not been influenced by this factor.
That does not, however, mean that history has to be re-written.
At the same time, however, inter-ethnic conflicts have darkened the political horizon of the three Transcaucasian republics.
What is a significant factor, however, is the operation of the market itself.
We found that in the ten years following Maastricht we have indeed succeeded in putting in place some 2 500 projects involving 12 000 operators. The other side of the coin, however, is that between 1996 and 2000, 8 000 projects involving 40 000 operators were rejected.
It is soul-destroying for artists to know that there is a 90% probability of their application being rejected - however convincing their idea - because fewer than 10% of applications stand a chance of being rubberstamped.
Short-term voluntary service, which was created especially for disadvantaged young people, has, however, not yet been made use of to a satisfactory extent, and the objective set of 20% of these resources was not attained.
The amendments adopted here today mean, however, that Parliament now concurs with those governments which are proposing a clear change of course.
As Liberals, we also believe, however, in the subsidiarity principle.
That would not, however, prevent the EU' s Member States from cooperating and exchanging ideas in the social sphere.
The EU will then become not only a project of cooperation but also a State - without, however, consisting of a common people, which is the necessary emotional basis and prerequisite for long-term cohesion.
Most seriously of all, however, it does not recognise the need for a balance between the environment-related economic and social indicators and the fact that the Council meeting in Gothenburg established a strategy for sustainable development by adding an environmental dimension to the existing Lisbon process.
The report does, however, raise two positive issues: it states that companies must not use 11 September as an excuse to make employees redundant and insists that the European Central Bank should reduce its key interest rate.
The resolution should go further, however, as the statement by our group does, a statement with which I fully agree.
I find it disquieting, however, that the College of Quaestors is now largely made up of PPE-DE members.
What does not, however, fit in well is protecting the strongest by introducing a network of social supervision of transnational businesses, although such a network would in itself be a good idea.
That we have not yet learned to use it properly, however, is shown by financial crises, by environmental degradation and by the continued spread of preventable disease.
I, however, feel that, this year, some small degree of rapprochement was achieved.
At the same time, however, Mr Aznar, in his capacity as President-in-Office of the Council, summed up his profession of faith for Europe in three meaningful words, which are - and I quote - 'liberalisation, privatisation and competition'.
I doubt, however, that he will be proved correct over time.
I would remind you and all the Members, however, that, for products such as rice and bananas - to put it plainly - the barriers will not be removed until 2004 and 2009 respectively.
I do not believe, however, that we can describe the majority in this movement as anti-globalisation. Quite the opposite.
This also, however, requires our institutions to be better coordinated and to have better guidance.
This liberalisation must, however, be gradual and controlled in order to preserve adaptability, economic viability and guaranteed access to the universal postal service throughout the Union's territory.
We must, however, note that two things are lacking today and we are dealing with one of those rare liberalisation directives which makes no specific mention of them.
I do feel, however, that the difficulty will now be preventing the Commission distorting the meaning of the text when it interprets and applies it, thus upsetting the balance reached and, worst of all, violating Parliament's decision-making rights.
Our only demand not to be accepted was that of bringing down the weight limit of normal post from 150 grammes to 100 grammes. We should not forget, however, that the weight limit proposed by the Commission was 50 grammes.
I would like, however, to reaffirm the need to make progress with the social reform that has been initiated and to move forward towards the accomplishment of the internal market for postal services.
Other amendments, however, refer to the adoption of another major regulation, Regulation No 1049/2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents.
Both are in opposition, however, to the authoritarian, bureaucratic culture which, on the one hand, fails to respect the privacy of individual citizens, and, on the other, has the gall to keep the administrative procedures and activities of public bodies confidential.
I take this, however, from a slightly different tack.
There are, however, other issues which, perhaps due to the highly technical and abstract nature of the regulation, still remain open and which should be responded to.
Parliament has, however, responded with extremely long 'shopping lists' which have perhaps not always been realistic.
It applies to the actual amounts involved, as well as to budgetary remarks, etc. However, on a number of occasions, the Committee on Budgets has had to point out that a number of remarks which the European Parliament made in various contexts did not, however, lead to the Commission's actually acting in accordance with the decisions made.
We have some concerns, however, for the 2003 budget.
Let me again mention the proposal by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, which was, however, taken up by the Committee on Budgets, and under which we are this year instigating an INPARD and a LEADER programme, as could have been done last year.
The counter attacks by the Sharon administration, however painful they are, are a response to this.
I might take the liberty of pointing out, however, that it is the Conference of Presidents which draws up the agenda and not the Bureau.
Since this is codecision, however, we propose that the situation be reviewed after four years to ascertain whether the procedure advocated here meets the requirements of codecision.
I should, however, also like to advocate that we not only deregulate, but also regulate.
At the end of the day, however, there is an imbalance between the choice of effective competition and the requirements of society.
All things considered, however, we cannot say that the opening up of public enterprise capital has been conclusive.
I would, however, like to sound a note of caution.
Not all my colleagues, however, have taken such a responsible view of the matter.
The best way to bring down noise levels, however, is by an international agreement on a reduction in aircraft noise.
There is no reason for us yet, however, to prescribe limits for the noise made by crows.
Throughout the world, however, women's rights are being restricted or breached on the pretext of religious or cultural traditions or the law.
I would like to make it clear, however, as a Catholic, that I am absolutely convinced that Catholicism is not guilty of the forms of fundamentalism that the report appears to suggest it is.
This was the thrust of repeated amendments proposed by my political group in committee; however, the rapporteur failed to pay them any attention, which is why my political group has tabled amendments before plenary.
With regard to reducing the noise levels which people voluntarily submit to during their leisure time, however, there is little we can do, other than appeal to the individual to exercise common sense.
In agreeing protective measures for the workplace, however, we must also take account of the scope for their practical implementation - and especially the impact on small and medium-sized businesses.
I repeat, however, that although there have been no complaints, this proposal will enable the Commission to take formal action.
According to my information, however, although it has been approved by the Council of Ministers, it has not been submitted to Parliament and is still floating around, no one knows exactly where.
The question as I see it, however, is not just the status of women, but an attempt at power politics, where Islam is being used in Nigeria to stir up the feelings of the people and create artificial disputes, as I have brought to the attention of the Commission in my earlier written questions.
I should warn, however, against the perception that our development cooperation activities with a given country make it possible for us to influence events of this kind profoundly.
It is still, however, a bit early for the Commission to provide final answers to those questions.
I acknowledge, however, that this is a question that we must ask ourselves when the time arises.
With regard to the acquisition of quotas from the buyback programme, however, the other tobacco farmers who wish to purchase the quotas have priority.
Quite right too and we have been supporting that here for some time now; however, you yourself have replied to repeated questions which honourable Members have put to you in the past, saying that this is more or less impossible.
As you will have realised, the large screens are not working properly; however, the screens serving the President's bench are working.
These must be implemented effectively, however difficult that may be at times.
I would, however, like to raise two matters in this parliamentary report.
We have to remember, however, the situation regarding world trade which we have today.
We must do so, however, in an enlightened and informed way and be prepared to avail ourselves of modern research and technology in achieving this objective.
In my personal opinion, the internal market is a great good, provided, however, that it prescribes common standards at a high level, which is where this directive comes in.
On the whole, there are, however, no strong arguments for implementing the far-reaching harmonisation proposed.
I do wish, however, to see the introduction of a maximum dose - yes, a maximum dose is something I do want to see.
The European Parliament will have no insight whatsoever into, or influence upon, how this is determined. What, however, is most likely is that it will be done using the committee procedure.
The directive will never absolve patients and consumers, however, from the imperative obligation to read the small print: 'If in doubt, please consult your doctor or pharmacist'.
There is however no need, in terms of the market, for uniform rules on the sale of vitamins and minerals.
I also feel, however, that this position touches the limits of moral acceptability. You see, I come from a country where vitamins are still available in pharmacies only.
I would, however, like to draw attention to one point, and that is Amendment No 15.
I think, however, that we are going too far in a number of areas.
What is far worse, however, is that the Member States' waters continue to be polluted by untreated municipal sewage.
It cannot act, however, as long as it does not have the power to do so.
Moreover, we must do everything to support you and, as a Parliament, call upon the other parties to do something. I think, however, that it is important that, as elected representatives of the people, we take this task upon ourselves and, at this time, express sympathy, as well as the horror and fear that we feel.
I am, however, very pleased that the President-in-Office drew attention to the cost of non-enlargement, which is by far the greater.
To them, however, those 15 years will seem more than half as long again as the decade that Spain waited to come into our Union.
As a democrat and internationalist, I rather doubt, however, whether we shall make as much progress as that.
It is these sorts of decisions that will, however, determine the attitude of the farming population and the people of East Estonia to EU membership in the referendum.
For my part, however, I deeply regret the climate of mutual mistrust of which this controversy is symptomatic.
We then come, however, to the next phase, namely the people's support of the project by means of referendums and, in that connection, I should like to address one aspect which covers half of the population, namely women.
I would however like to make some observations and I hope they will be relevant.
I would like to make the following quite clear, however. At this juncture, anyone who maintains that the debates on the financial perspective and on the reform of common policies should be interwoven with the accession negotiations has to realise that doing so would make it impossible to keep to the timetable for enlargement.
That political will does not, however, imply that a political decision has been taken to close negotiations with ten candidates before the end of the year.
At the same time, however, we must not be surprised if the complexity of our economic and trade relations causes disagreements and disputes, which, despite their relatively minor impact when compared with the total volume of trade, can sometimes take on considerable importance.
This is not the case in the environmental field, however, where the European Union has just taken an important step forwards in ratifying the Kyoto Protocol at the last Council meeting of Ministers for the Environment only a few days ago, whereas the United States, with the adoption of the recent programme announced by President Bush, seems to be moving further away from this goal.
Even in this case, however, when our positions seem so far apart, the Presidency believes in building bridges and, in the next few weeks, we shall be holding a high-level meeting within the working party set up at the Gothenburg transatlantic summit.
It is, however, questionable whether it really is right for the directive to make recommendations to the competent social partners, as has been suggested, for example, in one amendment.
Such distinctions do not exist, however, in the eyes of the Commission.
On the other hand, however, it omits the essential point: nothing is said about the Council's right to approve this same work programme.
It is the case, however, that this valuable report, which protects working people against noise in the workplace could have had unintended side effects on the music industry.
On the report as a whole, however, we abstained.
I am deeply committed to equal opportunities for women everywhere, however, I believe it is crucial that women in different parts of the world can establish their own concept of freedom which takes into account the variety of different cultures and values they hold.
What worries me most in this love-hate relationship, however, is not so much what has happened but what the future holds, which is that the Republican administration is on the point of succumbing to the temptation of protectionism, as shown right now in two cases: steel, which has been explained enough - and on this I fully endorse what my colleague Mr Atkins has said - and clementines, which have also been mentioned by Mr Westendorp.
I think, however, that, in the long term, we must arrive at a situation in which Parliament also obtains direct influence on this area.
Ultimately, however, it is hard to move things forward in this area.
One passage among so many seems significant, however: the one about the need not to wait for the effects of the American recovery.
These bases do, however, need to be more incisive and detailed in the proposals, so that they do not merely stand as statements of principle but can be swiftly put into practice.
The single authority would, however, retain ultimate responsibility.
At the same time, however, there must be no more regulation than is necessary.
The approach is not appropriate, however, in the very common cases where finance is being sought just on one occasion or at intervals greater than one year.
I am worried, however, by some points which Parliament may adopt.
I do regret, however, that no amendments have been taken into consideration with regard to the application of the directive to legal entities.
It is clear, however, that the existing wide rate divergences between Member States constitute a strong incentive for both fraudulent transactions and legitimate cross-border shopping which lead both to distortion of competition and diversion of trade.
These are ambitious targets which, however, are no longer rooted in the legal basis provided by the treaties.
The Council has addressed this several times, without, however, reaching clear conclusions.
Since 2000, however, the Cotonou Agreement has brought about a new context that profoundly changes the very nature of this report.
Simply getting a binding process under way will, however, be of absolutely crucial importance.
Taking the specific case of hazelnuts, the payment per kilo is retained for the 2001-2002 harvest. Payments will only be made, however, to members of producer organisations not eligible for the extension.
A reduction in Community cofinancing is involved, however. In addition, aid to hazelnuts is proposed, but only for farmers not eligible for the extension.
It must be considered, however, that this position of the rapporteur does not simply mean accepting the status quo, which, furthermore, he feels is unsustainable.
It is certainly the case that the withdrawal of aid would put an end to tobacco production in Europe. This would not, however, improve the health of European consumers because the gap left by Community production would be filled by imports from third countries.
For the rest, however, as he himself has said, the subject of tobacco as dealt with in this specific proposal for a Council regulation is a purely technical matter concerning the 2002, 2003 and 2004 crops.
We must not forget, however, that products other than the cigarette can be produced from tobacco.
I suspect, however, that few Members of this House would be prepared to vote in favour of closing our borders to tobacco from the United States.
It is, however, the social effects of such measures that give me cause for concern.
I wholeheartedly agree, however, that we need the results of the study into the impact of structural funds on the sector as quickly as possible.
In my opinion, however, the most important aspect of this report is its recognition of the fact that the legal base for adopting this type of measure has been Article 299(2) of the Treaty, acknowledged at the Amsterdam Summit.
Once again, ladies and gentlemen, the increase from 10 to 20% is a thoroughly complicated issue which cannot be tabled just before we are about to vote. I think, however, that the compromise amendment submitted to Mr Radwan at 5 p.m., which he approved without hesitation, should certainly be taken before Amendment No 48.
We must be wary, however, of being totally naïve, first and foremost, because, as the rapporteur points out, 'it would have been better to have had recourse to a Community regulation.
We recognise, however, that production is commonly found in less-favoured areas, principally in Spain, and that much of the production is barely competitive and brings little economic return.
It is not, however, reasonable for the committee to propose a statement to the effect that the support system should be made permanent in order to guarantee the survival of the sector.
It is apparent to us, however, that the transposition of a number of directives by the Member States is being unjustifiably delayed.
It is important, however, to identify the cause of this failure.
The only way out is to overturn it, however difficult that may seem under present circumstances.
Naturally, no one in Europe mentions this because, however unexpected it may be, this depreciation favours us commercially.
The fact remains, however, that they pose a real problem.
I did not, however, vote for this joint resolution.
It has become clear that the definitive solution to the problem of Colombia does not simply involve an end to the violence, but that we must get to the root of the social and economic problems that are causing this. In order to reach that point, however, peace must first be achieved on the ground.
However, we can emphasise that, however disappointing the outcome of these elections, the main point is that the international community has turned its attention to Zimbabwe and is doing everything it can to contain the crisis there.
We now believe, however, that these undertakings, which were reiterated at the Association Council session of 29 January, have been flouted by the way in which Hamma Hammami and his co-defendants are being treated by the Tunisian Government.
We ourselves have to be careful, when we urge greater pluralism and respect for democratic norms around the world, that we do not undermine governments which, however imperfect, are moving in that direction.
I would also point out, however, that the opening up of the markets will be regulated to ensure that public service obligations are fulfilled.
I have just returned from Algeria and my impression is that however much we are looking towards the candidate countries from the East, we also need to look to the South, as developments in some countries in the southern Mediterranean area are so dramatic that that will also have to be a focus for our policy.
From what I hear, however, liberalisation in Spain has led to a number of broken connections, with blackouts occurring in Madrid and in other areas.
We should be no under illusions, however: the method by which these summits are organised is now in crisis.
Dealing with the nuts and bolts, however important this may be, does not belong in a Summit.
I was, however, rather concerned to read the part about the trans-European transport networks, although it started off positively enough.
In the White Paper, however, instead of 'reduce' it says 'eliminate', which is certainly better.
At the same time, however, everyone can see that the aim of this manoeuvre is to reduce the deficit of negligent Member States by using the surplus of the Member States that pay their way.
When it comes to the proposals on sustainable development, I have to state however that these are insubstantial.
The Barcelona Council, however, leaves open and unresolved the great question of the future direction Europe will take in the economic and social field.
It is, however, not surprising, coming from a government that has been talking out of both sides of its mouth on the EU for the past few years.
Other types of demonstration, which represent what is called civil society, are very important, and any politician who wishes to continue to have popular support will take good note of what those demonstrations mean, and will incorporate what those social groups say as much as possible, but obviously what we cannot do is replace democracy and the democratic and political legitimacy of the votes that are cast for the representatives of the people with demonstrations, however important they may be, because they are completely different things and should not be confused.
I should like to warn you, however, that the privacy and personal rights of the individual supporter may not be flouted in the process.
Controlling football vandalism, however, is not only a matter of more effective police action.
We will, however, need to monitor the way these monitoring centres carry out their functions to ensure that the football community is fully engaged in the exchange of information.
The difficulty is, however, who pays those costs after hours in cities where football hooligans are still engaged in activities.
I should, however, like to make two observations.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, major international football matches are the absolute high point for supporters; for law enforcers and local authorities, however, they are often expensive nightmares and, for the people living in the vicinity of sports stadiums, often a source of distress and a great deal of misery as a result of the damage caused to their front gardens, to cars, to pavement cafés etc. The list goes on.
The key question surrounding instruments of this nature, however, is how the law-enforcing bodies themselves can be monitored.
I, however, believe this to be a misapprehension about what actually happens.
In the case of persons who constitute a danger to public order, however, it has a very preventive effect.
The problem, in our view, however, is the Commission's intention to use the Community instrument - namely, the directive - based, in this case, on Article 175(1) of the Treaty establishing the European Community - to do this.
We all know, however, that a number of these texts are 'dead letters' due to a lack of effective penalties.
Although the Community has the power to require the Member States to adopt criminal sanctions if substantial Community standards are breached, it does not, however, have the power to define the types and levels of sanctions to be applied.
I am, however, reassured by the wording which was adopted more recently by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.
The Convention implementing the Schengen Agreement, however, continues to develop, it is my firm conviction that there is a need in a Europe that is growing together, for the European Union to have real police competences.
We are, however, somewhat perplexed by the parliamentary report.
In dealing with the Marinho report before us, however, my group has criticised the Dublin Convention for a very long time for a number of reasons, not least because to us it mixes immigration controls with the claiming of asylum, and the two things are not necessarily the same at all.
There may, however, be a danger that we will not be improving the situation, but destroying what has been achieved.
We must acknowledge, however, that the Dublin Convention has not had the effects that we anticipated.
It will come as no surprise, I am sure, when I say that the Commission is not in favour of the amendments that were inspired by another logic, which, however respectable, mar the proposal and contradict the Commission's clear intention to draft a practical, reasonable, effective text in the shortest time span possible.
Some organisations publish details of Members' attendances; however this is a classic example of how sometimes when they say that Members have not attended the plenary part-sessions it is simply that they have not signed in in the Chamber on that day.
All things considered, I am going to recommend, however, that we give discharge in all the areas.
There have been improvements since then however, which is why we do grant discharge to the Economic and Social Committee for 1998, 1999 and 2000.
This year, however, the Court of Auditors has prepared a critical report on the workings of the common foreign and security policy.
One of the 2000 Budget year's results that got a very critical reception from the Committee on Budgetary Control was the large Budget surplus of EUR 11.6 billion, which, however, was welcomed by the Finance Ministers of the Member States.
There are, however, some anomalies, particularly as regards, for example, the appropriations granted for staff recruitment.
Its legal effect, however, is not such as to compel the Commission to resign.
I should like to say, however, that where fraud in the food industry is concerned, we need to go considerably further.
Paragraphs 25 and 33, however, seem to insidiously call into question the provisions of the Treaty.
In each specific matter and in each small step that we must take, however, the solution advocating uniformity is always put forward as the most rational.
We have two reservations, however, which led us to vote against the Oostlander report.
Some questionable amendments were adopted however, which explains why we had reservations with regard to the Marinho report.
In applying the definition of family members, it is important however that the principle of subsidiarity should prevail.
The report makes some progress, however, and puts forward some positive points that must not be dismissed and that is why we voted in its favour.
I would like to underline today, however, that the Commission has begun infringement proceedings against 10 Member States on the question of the proper application of the Common Customs Tariff on military and non-military goods.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that in the field of defence policy we have reasons to be satisfied: we have a catalogue of capabilities, a military committee, a Defence Staff and we are seeking complementarity with NATO. There are also grounds, however, to believe that much remains to be done.
It is high time, however, that we stopped using, once and for all, the misleading rhetoric of peace dividends.
I still have some questions, however, that I would like to put to the Council. Does the Council envisage taking any particular measures to protect troops and humanitarian missions on the ground in Afghanistan?
The courage to promote military expenditure, however, is still lacking.
From this point of view, it is not acceptable, under any circumstances, to attempt to undermine the structures of the Palestinian National Authority, which is for the moment the legitimate representative of the Palestinian people, however worthy of criticism some of their actions may be.
I realise how difficult it is, Mr President, but I feel that, if we too as Parliament, as the Presidency of Parliament, can make some contribution, however little, to this quest for peace, then let us do so.
With Europe having to evaluate its values and principles now, however, its first message must be that it believes in what it says and will act on it and the proposals made by the various Members should be used as active guidelines for practical purposes.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have to tell you, however, that for any steps to be taken within the Association Agreement, we need unanimity from the Council.
So, Parliament has a specific duty to intervene on these issues, not only because they concern the environment but also because they are transnational in nature and this is a good document that we are working towards. I would, however, like to stress one particular point.
We must, however, convince the Council tomorrow, as the Council has produced shoddy work.
Collective systems, however, are less bureaucratic and more practical.
This should, however, be done in line with Articles 88 and 89 of the Treaty.
As far as the rest of the text is concerned, however, I would say that we still have a great deal of work to do.
I think that this view should be listened to, for the major argument in the debate against a ban on oktaBDE and dekaBDE is that we cannot expose people to the danger involved in not using adequate flame retardants in buildings, furniture etc. At the same time, we know, however, that there are substitutes, that there is the possibility of using other materials and that there is the ability to produce in different ways than we do today.
We must not remain silent, however, when human rights are violated, and of all people, we in the European Parliament must not remain silent.
The truth, however, is that the EU's contribution to the UNHCR's budget has declined by a third in recent years.
Our commitment ought not, however, to lead to our closing our eyes to other conflicts and giving the Russians carte blanche to commit these atrocities.
In the end, it is also necessary, however, for people who have been subject to atrocities to be given a clear sense that those who violate human rights will in the last analysis be punished.
It is positive, however, that the Russian Government has taken the first steps towards rebuilding the country and restoring normality to everyday life.
I believe that the suggestion of setting up an Association Agreement for this area, along the lines of the one for the European Union, and allowing us to be involved is helpful. It should however be worked on more energetically and with a greater degree of urgency.
It is important to ensure however that such a free trade area does not become a time bomb that would destroy all the efforts made by countries in southern Europe to achieve genuine convergence and genuine cohesion, something they do not yet enjoy.
I am in favour, as Mr Esteve states in his report, of encouraging a dialogue amongst equals, which meets social needs by adopting measures to combat unemployment or which promotes trade between countries of the south. I continue to believe, however, that the path towards shared prosperity has been blocked, for the time being, by agreements which are guided by solely economic and financial interests, thus denying the needs of the people who are already suffering from the burden of debt, the drop in the price of raw materials and the austerity imposed by structural adjustments.
It is also obvious however that there can be no Barcelona Process without peace in the Middle East.
True, progress has been made regarding the Association Agreement, the Agadir Process has been launched and a development process tentatively put in train. As I understand it, however, all this is simply a drop in the ocean.
Conditions on the ground, however, as experienced in Cyprus, where 37% of the island is still occupied, or by the long-suffering people of Palestine, subject to a criminal all-out attack by Israel, unfortunately not just tolerated, but still being funded and armed by the European Union, are somewhat different.
It will not, however, be of great consequence to either party, whatever is adopted.
Late last night, however, following a meeting of the Council Finance Ministers, they agreed to answer the questions by Friday of this week.
There are, however, other colleagues who have told me that they have decided on the basis of their own conscience to support this motion, and we respect that.
Industry, however, benefits from competitive sales prices and minimum costs afterwards.
The Treaty establishing the European Community, however, speaks of the clear responsibility of the Commission.
Its merits are spoilt, however, by paragraph 8.
On a number of points, I do not however share the rapporteur's view.
Europe, however faltering it may be, must be of some use.
What we can say, however, is that he has chosen, in the end, to distance himself from Mr Sharon.
The self-same conscience of the world falls silent, however, or only deals in words when China is involved, which is something I regret.
With that in mind, however, it is important to get things moving. By means of common rules, we can make life easier for employees in companies that operate across borders and can promote competition and efficiency on the part of pension providers.
I feel, however, that certain points need further emphasis.
The importance of this issue and its economic and social effects, however, require a global approach and global strategies.
Pleasantries aside, however, Mr Fatuzzo has focused his efforts on defending the interests of senior citizens in Europe.
The proposal reduces the limit value for the number of asbestos particles to which workers may be exposed. In view, however, of the danger presented by asbestos, it is good that the rapporteur try to have the limit value reduced further.
I learn, however, that it is apparently uncertain whether the ban also applies to the export of asbestos to countries outside the EU.
It is important we do not have different exposure limits, however, depending on the type of work, as Amendment No 21 has, but this will be dealt with in conciliation.
Secondly, it is certainly possible to require a reverse burden of proof in the case of suspected asbestos-related illness in the form of asbestosis and mesothelioma but, however, quite impossible when it comes to what may be a link between asbestos and bronchial cancer or cancer of the digestive system.
I do however have a lot of faith in interinstitutional dialogue and in precedents where agreements have been reached.
Let me say, however, that you are talking of the right of veto and I am talking of unanimous decision-making.
I repeat, however: it is one thing to convene the Association Council and another to adopt measures that have to be approved unanimously.
As I say, however, this is something that falls to the Member States and is not within the competence of the Community.
The reason I asked this question, however, is precisely because it is really urgent.
The Council wishes, however, to correct the statement that only two Member States have begun ratification procedures.
This issue of adoption, however, is very emotional for Romania and states in a similar situation to it, and, because it is emotional, it is also highly political.
This issue, however, which affects many families, is a humanitarian issue.
My question to the Council, however, is that I am very concerned at reports, that appear to be very well-founded that the US, stirred perhaps by the emotion that this issue creates, is linking the potential membership of Romania to NATO, which this Parliament 100% supports, with the lifting of the moratorium on inter-country adoption.
It goes without saying, however, that there are tens of thousands.
The Presidency will, of course, pass on your opinions to Mr Goebbels, who was, however, represented by Mr Santos in this debate.
This type of aid, linked to rural aid, however, can and should be maintained, not least because it does not distort the market in the current Europe of fifteen.
The Commission is proposing a limited scope or 'lightweight' COM, which does not involve measures under the EAGGF, but does however go further than the Council request in that, in addition to the definitions, statistics, import and export licences system, and the establishment of an appropriate management committee, the proposal also contains elements such as the possibility of establishing tariff quotas and a safeguard clause, the possibility of prohibiting or restricting inward processing arrangements and a specific provision on state aid.
The committee, however, was unanimous in its conclusion that the whole proposal should be rejected.
Ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin, however, only represents around one half of alcohol consumed and produced in the European Union, with the rest being produced synthetically.
The Commission proposal, however, only covers ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin, and ignores synthetic alcohol, as stated by Mrs Ayuso González.
The announcement of academic and cultural cooperation with candidate states is, however, particularly to be welcomed.
Ageing is, however, no longer essentially a problem peculiar to developing countries.
We are, however, opposed to the creation of a Euro-Med Bank, which would only duplicate the work of the European Investment Bank and the African Development Bank.
It seems, however, that the region is also under threat from another kind of fault, one of moral order, where impunity appears to protect certain heartless individuals.
The saddest fact, however, is that eight people died as a direct result.
I would, however, also like, in particular, to refer to the report by the European Parliament, which furthermore was produced by a Spanish Member, Mr Esteve.
Despite all of this, however, this progress, though important, is not sufficient.
I have also been deeply disturbed, however, by the reports coming out of the West Bank of the behaviour of the Israeli Defence Forces.
I recognise, however, the huge commitment that Secretary Powell put into the mission and that the mission was perhaps rather more successful than some critics have suggested.
It is already clear, however, that even short term needs will run into hundreds of millions of dollars.
The important point about Marshall aid, however, was that it began when the bombing had stopped.
It is only likely to stop, however, when Palestinians regain control in their areas.
The difficulty, however lies in bringing them together.
The escalation of the conflict in the Middle East, however, has resulted in statements of precisely this kind and has led to an upsurge in completely reprehensible expressions of anti-Semitism.
I am aware of Commissioner Patten's great exertions in recent years towards achieving improvements in this field, but now as much as then we are in a position in which money is spent and formal resolutions adopted, the effectiveness of which, however, leaves something to be desired.
He is under the same immunity as myself. At the moment, however, he is being tortured in an Israeli jail.
Simply to discuss this issue from one month or one week to the next, however, seems almost grotesque.
I also want that question addressed to us ourselves, however. Have we really done enough to give us the right to make all the self-righteous demands of Israel that we hear in this House?
It is impossible, however, to create a foundation without financial support.
Without financial support there can be neither a foundation nor spiritual exercises, however modest they may be.
I am, however, somewhat concerned at the motivation underlying attempts by Israel to delay the investigation.
This is not the time, however, for the Members of this House or even the delegations or the groups, to make statements in isolation.
We should not, however, lose sight of the fact that there is a huge convergence of international opinion as violence increases, which we need to build on.
I did, however, agree to call for an emergency EU-Israel Association Council meeting to discuss the crisis.
Since these two attitudes stem from the historical aspirations of both sides, and since these historical aspirations are not compatible with one another, until there is an explicit renunciation, which is sincere and honest, of these historical aspirations, there will be no peace however much we attempt to impose sanctions, and however much the international community does all that it can.
I should like to emphasise, however, that although this communication puts forward important proposals and suggestions, it does not provide, in our view, practical instruments that will enable us to successfully confront the new challenges resulting from the new vision that we share and in which human rights and their promotion are fully integrated into the Union's external policy.
In theory, there are no substantial differences in the approach adopted by the Union institutions on defining how to address the development of human rights and the consolidation of democracy in the world, but it is when it comes to translating words into deeds, however, that differences between the institutions emerge.
We have also borne in mind, however, that the contradictions between institutions and the lack of unanimity, coordination and unity in action are the worst enemy of human rights and of democratisation in the world.
Mr President, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities, I should like to thank the Commission for its communication. Above all, however, I should like to thank the rapporteurs for their sound reports.
We have doubts, however, about some of the proposals made in it, for example that concerning the new interinstitutional code.
A single committee for citizens' and human rights is, however, an excellent idea that we support.
In these circumstances we are also in danger of being guilty of the same thing we accuse the governments of many countries of, which is to say a rhetorical commitment to human rights that fails, however, to lead to any purposeful and coherent action being taken.
This discussion, however, needs to take place nearer the time of the next election.
It is not the total amount, however, because one amount went back last year, and there is probably still another one or two billion which will come forward in Supplementary and Amending Budget No 3.
This is linked, however, not only to SAB 2 or SAB 3, but also to the Financial Regulation.
The methods required are, of course, completely different, however, and I should like to thank the two rapporteurs, precisely because it is clear from the reports that it is different initiatives that are required.
I believe it has to be said that, in a number of Western countries, we are labouring under an illusion concerning equality. Illusion it is, however, and illusion it remains, and we must not therefore imagine that we have obtained equality until men too begin to make demands about wanting to have it all.
All in all, I think it is a good result we have ended up with, and it is therefore up to the Commission and the Member States to fill out the new framework. What, however, is no doubt most important is that citizens, the two sides of industry and the local and regional authorities have, by means of this legislation, obtained a tool for developing mutual inspiration and engaging in the race to secure many more footholds in the labour market.
It is important to note, however - and we too see evidence of this every day - that there is a huge information gap between citizens regarding the existence of this strategy, its objectives and the procedures for implementing it.
By means of this directive, we have, however, achieved recognition that vibrations - both hand and arm vibrations and whole body vibrations - constitute a health risk.
In the cases of agriculture and forestry, to which special conditions apply, there is still, however, a transition period of as long as twelve years.
That was extremely important, but I am pleased, however, that we have agreed that agricultural machinery will not have to be changed until 2014, that is, if the machinery has already been bought by 2007.
Independently of the Brussels circuit, the BBC, however, announced last night that the presentation of the Commission proposals has been postponed through the intervention of the Spanish Presidency.
Let us now turn, however, to the individual items in the report.
The amount of the Community's contribution is, however, bound by the rules of the Structural Funds.
That does not, however, mean, as Mr Pirker maintains, that we are undermining the right of asylum.
Fortunately, there is, however, a third and democratic 'no' which is not dependent on political trends.
It is strange, however, that no deadline has been set for them to reach this completion point, although the average time frame should be at least 15 months in practice.
It must be acknowledged, however, that these are excessively limited steps, which fall considerably short of current needs and possibilities.
I would like to say, however, that the new statistical programme for 2003 to 2007 is the sixth in its series, which, on this occasion, was submitted to us on time; this was not the case with the fifth programme, which expires this year.
The most important thing of all, however, is for changes to be made in the European Union's political priorities and for a genuine policy of high quality employment with rights to be pursued with a view to achieving full employment, which is still far from being a reality.
In our view, worker protection is, however, an example of an area in which the EU should only have limited powers relating to those cases concerning the free movement of people within the EU.
(PT) The report we have just voted on in some ways improves the proposal submitted to us by the Commission. It is to be regretted, however, that, having decided to create a common asylum policy, the European Union is now confining itself to establishing a set of minimum standards, appearing to ignore the fact that the men and women for whom they are designed deserve all our support, given the wretched conditions that have, as a rule, led them to seek refuge in a Member State.
The national institutions and the European Union must, however, be held jointly responsible for this crisis.
In this area, however, we have left this code of ethics far behind.'
It is precisely because of past mistakes, however, that Europe has obligations.
This overview, however, should not stop short of making demands, but should have consequences for trade relations and the reception of refugees.
Despite the fact, however, that the targets set in MAGP IV are already relatively modest, some Member States have not managed to achieve them and others have even increased their capacity.
It must be stated, however, that all Member States - and not just some of them - will have to contribute to achieving this objective.
We can only express our surprise, however, at the contradiction between the Commissioner's claim that the era of MAGPs is now in the past, and the draft regulation which aims to scrap almost 6 000 vessels, and nearly 1 000 of which will be from France alone, during the 2003-2006 period.
I endorse the view that Mr Katiforis and yourself have put forward, namely that when we talk about the plane-spotters, we should not interfere in national criminal law policy, but this does indicate, however, that there is good reason for better harmonising the penalty for crimes at European level, particularly in the light of the measures that have been taken in the wake of 11 September.
We should like, however, to be given still more precise information by the Council and the Commission, for we are extremely concerned that elections are being held but are not being conducted democratically.
Restrictions that do not comply with the Regulation, however, cannot be accepted, because otherwise the European Court of Justice will be instructing us to add to the list again and Parliament will have lost face.
Those ultimately reaping the benefits of this Regulation, however, are our own citizens.
This is only possible, however, if - for a change - we opt for actually reducing the distance between ourselves and our electorate.
We must, however, realise that this will still be a great struggle for us.
Additional expenses which the new rules entail, if they put the operation of certain airports at risk, should be reimbursed, whereby, however, the principle applies that in the medium term, the costs must be borne by the users and the sector.
For that reason we are not very keen on amendments that mean increased costs without, however, significantly improving security.
We then had to wait almost three years, however, hoping that the many attempts by several presidencies would at some point prove successful and that the Council would be able to come up with a common position.
The division in Parliament, however, makes it impossible to secure this best solution.
I expect you will, however, wish to put a question to the Commissioner.
We are still left, however, with the ongoing difficulty of so-called self-employed workers who do not have the protection of social legislation which people covered by this amended directive will have.
What is crucial, however, is that tourism has become a social right for workers and, where young people are concerned, the entire European Union has become their territory.
If these policies are to be effective, however, they need to be based on a proper study of the market and its present and future requirements.
We must not, however, forget that these regions cannot remain dependent on tourism alone, an activity of whose vulnerability we are all aware.
I would, however, like to reassure the rapporteur that I will take into account Parliament's wishes and amendments when the programme is implemented.
At the same time, however, as studies have shown, they want new social relations and new forms of intervention.
I am confident, however, that Mrs Reding is already thinking along those lines and will unquestionably work on this.
You are also aware, however, and you have also acknowledged this, that the Community has no specific responsibilities in this area.
Some aspects of the report will however merit particular attention and will provoke some reservations within the Commission.
The fact remains, however, that the person who most influenced the Sixth Framework Programme was undoubtedly Commissioner Busquin.
The reason for my speaking, however, if only for a minute, is once again to draw attention to the ethical issues that cannot be ignored.
These will not, however, have any direct effect on the 2003 Budget year.
There are, however, three points that still remain of concern to us.
The numbers that the Commissioner has cited refer, however, to the amendments rather than to the articles of the original text.
It is common knowledge, however, that governments distort and manipulate statistics in all sorts of ways, even those in an area as straightforward as unemployment.
We want to attach the greatest priority, however, to greater efficiency in this field and this is why we support the amendments in favour of substantially increasing the financing of local, national and transnational actions and of the initiatives of European organisations working in the educational and sports sectors.
It must be stated, however, that many of the aims pursued with the European Year would not ultimately be achieved if we saw that a significant part of those resources were being spent on more 'surveys and studies'.
We believe, however, that the current report does not accord sufficient respect to the subsidiarity principle.
I am sorry, however, that the Commission proposal is not more ambitious. I would like to see a commitment to reducing the VAT rate for services in the restaurant sector and possibly other tourist sectors ...
The biggest problem with the travelling circus, however, is political.
It must have a significantly more important function than at present, however, so that, in the future, we can put our energies into the important political issues and not into travelling between Parliament's two cities.
We will also, however, have to take action with regard to the Parliamentary calendar for the coming year.
It is precisely those people who do not want to respond to this criticism and who do not want to see the taxes paid during the years of Realpolitik called into question, who have pulled the wool over the eyes of their own countries and unwittingly promoted the cause of those who have constantly upheld these causes even though they have been met with silence every time; we, however, feel that this can be, that it is a practical political initiative which is in the interests of all the citizens.
It would be useful however if, before we begin, we were to agree upon what heading we were to act under.
Matters are proceeding slowly and, in my view, too slowly where a number of the issues are concerned. It is not completely clear, however, under what heading the work is being done.
None of these measures make sense, however, if all that is relevant is the second project, aimed at reducing the total overall number of refugees.
What we must firmly reject, however, is what assails our ears from Europe's left.
As regards security and immigration, however, some of the governments in Europe, such as the Italian Government, tend to practise a combination of alarmism and utopianism.
Failure to do the former will mean having to step up the latter, however, for the most desperate people, those determined - or forced - to emigrate, throw themselves into the arms of the criminal traffickers offering to take them to Europe in their floating death traps.
Our message to Russia, however, is that security and defence policy needs to be seen as part of our broader political dialogue that also covers some of the present "frozen conflicts" in Europe, notably Transdniestria, which is a source of tremendous instability for Moldova, a future European Union neighbour.
In the positive scenario, however, Kaliningrad could take on the overall role of a centre of economic activity and as a point of reference for transport links, commercial activity and modern services in a dynamic Baltic region.
At the same time, however, Russia is there and, consequently, Russia is no longer the distant Eastern adversary of the bipolar world that it once was.
Since 10 April, however, various meetings have taken place at ministerial level.
It is important to recognise, however, that the recent economic downturn was neither particularly severe nor long lasting. Unless all Member States reach the medium-term targets set down in their programmes, future downturns could provide a much sterner test for the EU's framework for budgetary surveillance.
It requires the Commission to assess, however, whether or not its objectives are being met.
Such children are not, however, in a position to make their own decisions about their future and are very often turned into semi-professionals or even objects of exploitation, while being fed special 'dietary supplements'.
To summarise, these leaks are indeed thoroughly regrettable. Regrettable though they may be, however, they still have a positive side, since now that these secret documents have been made public, anyone who is interested will now be able to look at them closely and will see that these so-called secret proposals are entirely in line with the objectives that we stated publicly and that there is no hidden agenda, contrary to various accusations.
We are, however, only carrying out research programmes with civil objectives.
I will say, however, that the aim of the Konver programmes is to convert the labour market sectors most affected by the reduction in armament activities or the closure of military sites.
As I said, however, each programme, each project in these areas can - and, in fact, must - be examined by an ad hoc ethics committee.
The Trentin report, however, shows that although Parliament is elected by the people, it represents the interests of employers alone, instead of the interests of the working classes of the European Union.
The central panel of the European economic horizon is still, however, the Stability and Growth Pact, which has emerged victorious from the economic storm of recent months.
This is a point that we as the Commission, however, do not see in quantitative, but in qualitative terms, and we focus on our broad economic policy guidelines to highlight the importance of these issues.
We must not induce, however unintentionally, any more closures in that vital area.
By means of this wording, we have also ensured that we are not concerned here only with small-scale production. Some of Europe's most important food exports in fact consist of traditional cheeses and hams and so on which require special production methods without, however, being hazardous as a result.
That is why it is important to reintroduce clear, precise rules in this area, as well as to simplify the texts. Simplifying the texts does not mean, however, that we can relax requirements.
One of the key points of the future regulation, however, is the mandatory application of the HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points) for all food establishments.
The application of the HACCP standard should, however, be considered as an additional safety measure, which cannot replace official controls.
We must remember, however, that, even if all these warning reports are serious in themselves, they are in actual fact more serious from a psychological than from a public health point of view.
For ten years, however, aruba has succeeded in surviving at 68 degrees.
It might have been better, however, to go further on certain points and consequently I, like the rapporteur, believe that it would be worthwhile providing for control programmes for all the salmonella serotypes that present a risk to public health.
This may, however, lead to some delays in adopting implementing decisions.
We are, however, also well aware of the fact that there is a closeness between us and that we are partners.
It does seem that the United States is failing to send out a positive signal at the very time when we are all jointly committed to reducing agricultural subsidies with an eye to the Doha negotiations. I do however feel that we must draw our own conclusion on this matter, with a view to our negotiating position at the Doha round.
We must also admit, however, that a great deal has gone wrong since this triumph.
We all, or nearly all, bemoan the American unilateral attitude. We do not however accept that this is due to Europe failing to assume its global responsibilities in full.
I agree with Commissioner Patten that we do not need new ideas. We must, however, give up the old ones, including the notion that Member States, or certain Member States, can play a leading role in world affairs.
I also get impatient, however, when I notice that the EU is unable to come up with alternatives.
The criticisms levelled at the States by this Parliament, however, go further.
It does not befit the EU, however, to play the role of moralist if the EU itself is unable to pursue an effective and consistent foreign policy.
There are, therefore, just two points I would like to stress. Firstly, I support the position adopted by the Council and the Commission with regard to the International Criminal Court, for example, but I also see this position as an example of differences in mutual respect, which, however, do not prevent us from proceeding on the basis of a position on which we are united.
I do not think that we can criticise the Commission for a lack of strategic vision, as the Commission is defending European positions in the transatlantic relationship. Given the intransigence of the US Administration, however, the response is certainly not to sacrifice our values but perhaps to state more generally, at international level, the strategic vision that Europe is adopting to contend with the sizeable problems of collective security and co-development and with the problems of the future of the planet and the environment.
Recent scientific discoveries can, however, offer us an alternative to the use of embryonic stem cells, namely adult stem cells.
It is also true, however, that, to achieve the latter, Europe needs institutional reform.
First of all, however, I would like the United States to abolish the death penalty and reduce the indiscriminate sale of weapons in all large stores, in all the department stores in the country.
That is not, however, what we are here to discuss.
The third issue I wanted to mention - as I have said many times and I repeat today, since I am convinced of it, though I could be mistaken, but I know that even in the European Parliament people can make mistakes - is that I believe we have had a lot of experience of peace processes since the Madrid Conference, including the Oslo Conference until the present time; however, what we have not had, unfortunately, is actual peace.
Let us, however, move on to the supplementary question.
There are many people in this Parliament and in Europe who believe that at some stage it will be essential for Spain - however regrettable, however much it dislikes the idea - to enter into a dialogue.
For information purposes, however, I must tell you that Annex 2, which concerns the procedure for Question Time laid down in Rule 43, clearly states that questions shall be admissible provided that they do not contain assertions or opinions.
A similar question submitted in future, however, would not be declared admissible.
Mr President-in-Office, on 15 April, the Council decided on a number of measures which will apply to countries which do not cooperate with the European Union and which in fact facilitate, even if they do not exactly channel waves of illegal immigrants towards the Member States; however, it opted not to list these countries, while at the same time stating that it would be taking measures against these countries, which are clearly not doing their job and cooperating with the European Union.
With regard to the country I know best, however, my own country, I can tell you that Spain is well able to control its southern borders and that, currently, its problem is not border control, but the fact that there are no readmission agreements between the European Union and most Sub-Saharan African countries.
I would also, however, like to tell you for information purposes, Mrs Frahm, that the greatest flow of illegal immigrants received by Spain does not actually come from the south.
We will have time, however, to discuss this at the appropriate moment.
A bank, however, is also an instrument, of course, with which to help countries to better understand how to make use of financial resources.
All of this is no more than an idea, however, in the minds of our Justice and Interior Ministers and for the moment does not take any concrete form, and I believe it will take some time to come to fruition.
We do not, however, think a new extra procedure - an emergency procedure - is needed, and the wording should be tightened up to show that on shared competences detailed legislation can sometimes be laid down and ...
I do not want to suggest, however, that there is any connection.
In recent years, however, we have seen that economic integration cannot be separated from political integration.
Political control to prevent the concentration of power must not, however, be confused with judicial scrutiny on the part of the Court of Justice of the European Communities, as, ultimately, the Court still determines the legal basis with reference to the Treaties.
This information that I am giving you has not, however, prevented me from attentively following the whole of this debate, which has been of very high quality, on the issue of competences, an issue which lies at the heart of the Nice and Laeken declarations.
At the same time, however, as your rapporteur is well aware, it also raises far-reaching technical problems.
The sanctions, however, were opportunely used by Saddam Hussein to boost his popularity.
The entirely inhumane regime of Saddam Hussein, however, has done terrible damage to Iraq's national development capacity.
The effectiveness of such a tribunal, however, does presuppose the fall of Saddam Hussein's reign of terror.
At the same time, however, it is obvious that the West's reactions and sanctions have failed totally, hitting civilians instead of the dictatorship.
We must not, however, conceal that fact that, essentially, it will be up to the Albanians to help themselves and that no negotiations will last long if respect for the Rule of Law is lacking.
This progress allowed the Commission, in June 2001, to recommend, on balance, the opening of Stabilisation and Association Agreement negotiations with Albania, on condition, however, that it continued a consistent reform effort, including reinforcing democratic standards and administrative capacity.
At this stage however, there is little or no convincing evidence that legislative action is needed or is, indeed, appropriate.
There, it will hopefully be possible to produce a real action plan and political declaration which, for example, will be able to promote the implementation of various international conventions, something which, however, presupposes increased pressure on the part of Europe.
The EU will not, however, be deciding upon its contribution to Johannesburg until as late as the July summit.
There are, however, extremely few experts engaged in the solution of cross-border problems.
It is not enough, however, to halt the decline in ODA by respecting global guidelines on rate rises.
I feel disappointed and frustrated, however, about the fact that the world's leaders do not appear to take the situation in the world seriously.
There ought, however, to have been more respect for democratic debate and for the opportunity for civil society to take part in the debate.
To succeed, however, we will need more than speeches and documents.
A clear agenda for sustainable development was set as long as ten years ago in Rio but, since then, developments have, however, largely been in the opposite direction.
Current information indicates, however, that although considerable efforts have been made in many countries to reduce poverty and improve food security, hunger is not yet being reduced fast enough to meet the World Food Summit Plan of Action.
Above all, however, we cannot forget that it requires us to exploit fisheries and promote the development of food-producing agriculture on a sustainable model.
On certain points, we cannot, however, concur with the report.
On this basis, therefore, the attempt in this report to circumscribe or better define the competences of the Community - however well motivated - breaches our fundamental view of how nation-states should work together.
The terrible conditions of life there, however, mean that every effort must be made to put an end to the economic and trade sanctions, for humanitarian reasons.
As mentioned in the Commission Communication, however, the first step in this cooperation has to be selection of the most suitable partners within the United Nations system.
It is not enough, however, to assess the results achieved so far in the partnership, which are obviously extremely important also.
There is, however, a limit to how far we can go.
His personal contacts with leaders of the Laskar Jihad, however, are more symptomatic of a double political agenda.
We appeal to the Indonesian Government, however, to pursue measures to protect the populations and to identify and punish those responsible for human rights violations.
This, however, does not detract from the fact that I deeply regret what happened in Gujarat.
I would, however, note that the incidents in Gujarat did not spread to the rest of India.
The matter was, however, taken up immediately by the democratic institutions of the Indian Union, namely the government, the opposition parties and parliament.
I must point out that stands adopted outside the Indian democratic system itself, however well intentioned they may be, sometimes end up being counterproductive in that they bolster nationalist and fundamentalist positions of various origins, Islamic or Hindu.
The drought problem is, however, a regional problem and has the negative effect of making it more difficult to buy food in the region in order to assist Zimbabwe.
An investigation must, however, be carried out, then, into whether matters have in actual fact proceeded in this way or whether national interests have played a part.
We must have a proper investigation. I do not, however, agree that what we have to defend here is the EU's interests.
It must, however, be done in an equitable manner, as well as in a way that reflects the actual state of the different stocks.
This is indeed stated in the document and is also correct, but we must, however, not lose touch with the facts or reality.
In the new CFP, we must cut the existing EU fleet; however the EU should not make a blanket cut but take into account the different sizes of the EU national fleets.
The document "Summary of Chapter 4" says "relative stability should be maintained, however, the method of allocation of each stock should be decided by Council in order to make the application more transparent".
The current debate and all that has gone before have shown that this block exemption regulation, however esoteric it may sound, directly affects all our voters and will have far-reaching ramifications throughout Europe.
We were, however, obliged to support the Commission's proposal in order to avoid any further watering down.
A majority in the European Parliament obviously do not want all the benefits, however, while many of the key aspects of the Commission's original proposal were voted down in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
It has not, however, been subject to co-decision.
The fact is, however, regardless of this, that the different regulations that have been in force in this sector have not managed to remove the obstacles in that market.
The proposal as presented by the Commissioner, however, raises certain questions which should be cleared up before accepting a drastic solution.
During that period, dealers will, however, have the opportunity to invest, taking into account any restructuring of industry, and this would, in any case, be less harmful than a regulation which might work against the consumer and which would certainly penalise a large number of small and medium-sized businesses operating in the car dealership sector.
I am becoming increasingly convinced, however, that the real problem is the type of vehicle we are using - the summits - and that we will not achieve much through these megasummits.
There is also, however, a long list of omissions and missed opportunities. I should like to remind you of Mr Salafranca's own report supported by the whole House.
It is always possible to expect more from a process. I do however honestly believe that any assessment of the summit has to acknowledge that its results have been satisfactory.
It is from your viewpoint as trailblazers that some of you have pointed critically to areas in which you feel frustrated, because we have not made as much progress or achieved as much as we could have hoped and could probably have attained. Our experience within the European Union has however taught us that processes of this nature, such as the one we are ourselves engaged in on our continent, do take time.
A date has already been set, however, for the third summit, in Mexico, which will take place in two years' time. Consequently the interval between summits is now shorter, and we can assume the relationship has become established.
I agree that a great many meetings and significant public ceremonies are crammed into the day or day and a half a summit lasts. It is however important not to overlook the preparatory work which begins long before a summit.
As is usual at such Councils, issues were approved in a few hours. One should however remember that they were previously the subject of lengthy discussion.
The dramatic increase in the range of activities within contemporary societies has however led to a need for additional security and control services for goods and persons. These may be provided by either natural or by legal persons.
Within this framework, any change, however important or however urgent, to the Europol Convention requires ratification by all the Member States in accordance with the requirements of their respective constitutional rules.
As currently presented, however, it lacks the necessary rigour.
Europol has indeed broadened the scope of its competence in recent years. This process has not, however, been accompanied by a change in its legal framework.
Mr President, we trust Europol will be strengthened and that it will fulfil its duties efficiently so that the citizens feel protected. This is all perfectly compatible however with the democratic control the House always insists on when the legal status of this instrument for police cooperation is debated.
At the same time, however, we have warned against a multiplication of networks, the functioning of which, according to the experience gained the European Police College may prove difficult.
I do however admit the validity of the arguments put forward in favour of reconsidering the initiative given the need to adjust it to its legal basis.
The procedure adopted for revising the convention is, however, of a strictly intergovernmental nature.
The task of rural development is not, however, to tackle all the environmental, social and territorial challenges of the countryside.
The Dutch countryside is, however, threatened by urbanisation and being turned into wasteland.
What appears to be a laudable aim, however, could also be a double-edged sword.
When it comes to rice, however, I do not think that we should wait for the impact of the Everything But Arms initiative to be felt in full.
What I do not understand, however, is how these considerations, alone, have managed to sway, are swaying the overall position of the House.
I should not, however, be so condescending about the outcome of this U-turn.
Implementing it successfully is, however, almost impossible without the support of our own citizens.
The Council has not, however, taken into account Parliament's proposal on reducing the time-limit within which authorities must respond from one month to two weeks.
I am not, however, happy about the decision by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy concerning the cost of what the authority can take out.
Before this can be done, however, Community law must be adapted to the provisions of the convention, and that is also one of the main purposes of this proposal.
In the meantime, however, the Commission was required, under Article 8, to publish a progress report on the procedure.
Although it accepts this extension, the group's agreement is, however, subject to strict conditions, which include adopting clear priorities for drawing up the new timeframe for the task, giving priority to substances deemed to cause problems for environmental health and drinking water and refusing to allow any degree of indulgence on this issue. Businesses that do not submit the dossier by the prescribed date shall obviously not have their dossiers evaluated, unless it appears to be easy to fulfil the requirements of the directive.
We do this, however, on a number of very specific conditions.
Of course, we do, however, have the Seville Summit decision on energy tax, for example.
There is a risk, however, that applying the policies will damage the rural environment; a misunderstood and excessively broad taxation policy for certain products could cause huge damage to those who live far away from the territory and are caring for the countryside and the environment.
We as legislators, however, have, above all else, responsibility for setting objectives and determining the means of obtaining such development.
The hard work is, however, only just beginning, especially for the Commission.
The Commission is solely responsible for initiating a WTO procedure against South Korea. In spite of unambiguous requests from the Council and the European Parliament, the Commission, together with Commissioner Lamy as the person responsible for this area, have, however, so far shown an impressive ability to ignore these requests.
Hopefully, you, Mr Liikanen, can, however, explain the wisdom of this position, though I doubt it.
He thinks it is a step in the right direction, as do I. He thinks that it goes too far and I do not think that it goes far enough but it is, however, the only possible text, and we therefore think that we should give it majority support and comply with the agreement between the different groups, which is not to adopt any amendments modifying the Commission's text.
I believe that our subsidies, however, should be directed more at clean coal technology for greater efficiency and lower emissions.
There are, however, some amendments that present problems to the Commission, and it is these that I am mainly going to discuss.
The Community could, however, contribute by providing added value, for example through supporting the development of assessment methods.
There is, however, a problem with the speed of take-up and we agree that social irresponsibility is still out there.
I think that companies, whatever their format, however many staff they have or whatever funds they have, live in a global world in which their voluntary, encouraged and prompted contribution, and I realise what I am saying, I am not saying compulsory or imposed by law, to achieving a better society, has a new meaning.
This second part, however, is intended to give an example of this exemption: data retention, or the blanket storage of personal data.
Having said that, however, since we are now in this position, I have no objection to accepting the oral amendment that has been tabled.
Anyone who wants to serve the privileged, however, will opt for more and larger airports and for more and wider motorways.
I regret, however, not being able to vote for a directive to organise private security services in Europe.
On the other hand, however, owners and managers often take little interest in the consequences their actions have on their employees and the public and the environment in general, and their only concern is to maximise their return on investment.
It does, however, seem to me to be extremely important that we should not postpone Parliament's reaction until the next part-session, for example.
There are, however, a few that are and I will focus my comments on just a few of those.
At the time, we in the Committee on Budgetary Control had delivered an opinion on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, which, however, found its way into plenary by another route.
These, however, should be prepared thoroughly and be closely monitored, even following adoption, and be given a sound follow-up.
The Corbett report tries to create a basis for a more lively debate and, clearly, it is very negative to object to this 'catch-the-eye' procedure. One thing is certain, however, and that is that, if we ourselves do not try to do something, nothing will happen.
Once people have ceased to be fascinated by Parliament's openness, it is not however always easy to understand how we work.
We can, however, do more to reform the work of Parliament.
I would, however, like to focus on the method.
Paragraph 13 of Article 6(a) of the Duff report, however, confuses the problem and manages to complicate further this otherwise simple rule.
In this area, however, there is unfortunately still a great deal to be done.
Their vulnerability, however, will not diminish unless the causes are truly identified.
What we can do, however, is exchange information, set good examples and agree on common issues up to a point, but these common issues should not have a counterproductive effect.
A lot has happened since then, however, and the situation has changed.
We must be aware, however, that this is extremely important if we want to achieve legal certainty and move beyond the current situation in which there is nothing, there is no concrete definition of the nature of slots.
The Maghreb Union remains a pious hope, however, with the creation of this Union encountering a series of obstacles which, unfortunately, have not yet been overcome.
We do however agree on one thing, namely that the safety of the supply of blood must be paramount because too many people rely on blood products.
There are, however, some gaps, requiring amendments to be tabled with a view to ensuring the maximum level of safety of blood products.
I am delighted that the European Commission adopted a series of important amendments at first reading; however, it also needs to look favourably on another series which it rejected at first reading, but which has been re-tabled and re-adopted in the Committee on the Environment.
At the same time, however, it must be said that we have managed to reach agreement on how levels of safety can still be substantially increased by making unremunerated blood donation a fundamental principle.
The payment of expenses to plasma donors in the EU cannot, however, be excluded for the future.
This derogation would not, however, apply in either additives or allergens.
A framework decision is legally binding upon the Member States. It is not, however, covered by the codecision procedure, and democratic control by the European Parliament is limited.
Certain exceptions, however, should be retained, such as the role of the expert committees responsible for the various drinks.
This intention, however laudable, is, unfortunately, contradicted in the text of the report itself.
We have a problem, however, with recital D. This recital begins by stating that we regret that the single European constituency, which Parliament proposed, will not be introduced.
That said, however, how can the citizens understand that we have European political families when some Members of this Parliament are not elected transnationally?
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the ten elected Members of the European Free Alliance, the sum total of the regionalist and nationalist Members within the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, have a problem with recital C. It does state that it is possible to establish regional constituencies for elections, whereby, however - and I quote - 'the proportional representation of political families at Member State level must not be undermined?.
This leadership cannot be underpinned, however, by institutional imbalance, with the Commission and the Council on one side and the European Parliament on the other.
In order to achieve our goals, however, we need allies.
We all have a responsibility to future generations, and this responsibility is incumbent upon all the States; it is incumbent upon the Member States of the European Union, which, however, only too often delay the implementation of their decisions indefinitely, for no real reason.
The fourth and last priority, however, is political and institutional in nature: how to establish a United Nations body which has the power to intervene in, monitor and control international environmental undertakings.
For the European Union to be adequately effective, however, it must be strong internally.
The Heads of State and Government, however, are absent from the World Food Summit in Rome this week.
Our prominent role, however, means the data we have needs to be coordinated and explored more fully.
We do, therefore, have experience and we are fighting for the right idea which, of course, I believe we all share - Parliament, the Council and the Commission - and which is that we have to make an effort to make the world in which we live a better place. This is a very complex world, however, in which, as all honourable Members who have spoken know because you have, of course, considerable knowledge of the dialectic at stake at the moment with regard to Johannesburg, there are great interests and enormous amounts of national self-interest, not only in the developed world, but also in other blocs of countries that have adopted radical positions and which often prevent consensus being reached.
I would, however, like to thank Mrs Hautala because, despite the difficulties of the negotiations, we have succeeded in achieving an excellent result.
I also believe, however, that we have to say that we shall be keeping an eye on this issue in our own countries, because it is something that the Member States can easily avoid tackling.
The encouraging response to the Green Paper, however, gives confidence that we can achieve it.
I can assure her, however, that there is no sphere in which the Commission will act irresponsibly.
It is important, however, that when the Community allocates funds for trying to combat poverty and provide the basis for sustainable development, those funds are fully and effectively spent.
The history of this project means, however, that the Commission considers that certainty about the realistic hand-over date can only be established when a specific date has been fixed in a contract that will also make provision for financial penalties for late delivery.
Until those conditions are satisfied, we cannot conclusively say that we would definitely go back into the Berlaymont, however desirable it may be in terms of location and facility.
The dialogue must, however, have a stable technical basis, and that is what we are at present concentrating upon.
I very much appreciate, however, that we perhaps must do more in the course of time to guarantee that everyone who participates in the process is aware that, if a solution does not come about on a voluntary basis, the Commission has a mandate to act.
This is the general forecast; it is clearly quite possible, however, that the rate will be greater in some areas.
What I would most like to see, however, and I repeat, is for the Olympic affair to be resolved in a positive way, for all the initiatives and the work undertaken by the Greek authorities to privatise Olympic to reach a positive conclusion and simply not to see this type of information about further alleged aid from the Greek Government.
That only applies, however, if this right is established in the Member States' legislation.
We also support new approaches in the case of cardio-vascular diseases and diabetes, however, with the specific aim to try to establish a link between research in the field of the human genome and the application of new technologies and new research methods.
We are, however, also looking into other developments.
I am not, however, a supporter of spending EU money on research into new reactors.
This participation, however, should, according to the Liberal Group, feature within thematic programmes.
As far as the other thematic priorities are concerned, overall the Commission can accept all of the amendments, apart, however, from those which go into too much detail on the specific programmes, such as on food safety and quality.
On the other hand, Mrs Zorba, we find it difficult to accept the amendment setting a fixed budget for international fellowships, because I think that fixing amounts in advance introduces a degree of inflexibility that is not entirely appropriate. We can assure you, however, that we will monitor the individual fellowships in the spirit of your amendment, because obviously they are one of the entry points into the framework programme.
I should like to make it clear, however, that the same goes for research into both efforts to harmonise nuclear safety criteria and the nuclear fuel cycle, which is vital.
It is not, however, until the end of the process that voting will be opened up and, because only a small number of proposals are voted on in practice, this part of the exercise is purely cosmetic.
Most importantly, however, we must all join forces in fighting the people who rake in huge profits from trafficking in human beings.
We also, however, have to give the people who come to our countries the opportunity to integrate into our society.
As has already been said, however, we also expect Seville to send out some sort of message about the reform of the Council.
Although it is true, however, that we are still far off the objective of a politically strong Europe, it must be said that the Spanish Presidency has helped us to make some progress.
This Monday's news from the United States, however, linking the terrorist who was planning to manufacture a nuclear bomb with connections in Pakistan, means that we must remain extremely vigilant towards developments in that region.
In order for this to happen, however, we must, specifically, improve the coordination of our efforts in external policy and defence, and make real progress towards having a common diplomatic service.
There is a final question, however, which was mentioned by President Poettering, which I believe to be extremely important and which has not perhaps been discussed so much, which is the delay in enlargement.
At this stage, however, the Commission believes that Amendment No 6 would run the risk of compromising the agreement obtained with the Council, and is therefore obliged to reject it.
We do not, however, consider it unfortunate that the Council chose not to propose a common European constituency for 10% of the mandates to the European Parliament.
As far as France is concerned, however, we are opposed to such a reform, which would encourage the fragmentation of the country with regard to Brussels.
There is, however, one fatal flaw in this Parliament's approach to the whole question of universal suffrage.
All structures that try to exclude existing movements from the political debate, however controversial these may be, are objectionable.
It is equally important, however, that we pay full attention to soil, which is also a component of terrestrial ecosystems and a crucial factor in their sustainable development.
The problem is, however, that, using the length of sessions as a pretext, it is the Strasbourg sitting that is being called into question.
Having said that, however, Rule 136(4) lays down a specific procedure for such secret ballots.
Ankara is reiterating its desire to establish in December a date for the start of accession negotiations, but clearly, however much good will it may have, the European Council cannot set dates for the start of negotiations until the Copenhagen criteria have been fully complied with.
Alongside the memory of this suffering, however, there is another memory still alive in Europe: the memory of good neighbourly relations, of public-spiritedness, of human decency, of resistance against inhumane systems and of individual bravery.
May I also say at this point, however, that the report also clearly states what complex and differentiated instruments for analysis, verification and control of administrative developments and legal practice have been developed in the candidate countries.
This approach, however, has borne considerable fruit and has set standards in the candidate countries themselves.
As you know, Russia is calling for visa-free access rules; however, Poland and Lithuania have rejected this, as do Parliament and the Commission.
By adopting this approach, however, this also means that the accession candidates must understand that each individual country will be assessed on its own merits to determine whether it is able to fulfil the conditions.
What is never mentioned, however, are the causes and sources of corruption, which is due, among other things, to capitalist privatisation and the growing social inequalities between a handful of increasingly wealthy people and the vast majority who face poverty and unemployment.
The concerns voiced here, however, although, it is true, expressed by confirmed believers in the historic importance of the enlargement process and strategy, relate to the apparent haziness of the situation surrounding the process itself.
In any case, respect for the Copenhagen criteria and assimilation of the Community acquis - which, however, we feel should be interpreted in general terms - are compulsory.
We do not, however, build the EU with plans alone.
Slovenia, considered to be among the best prepared candidate countries, is making every endeavour to complete the adoption of the chapters of the European acquis. In practice, however, the problems revealed are the same as those highlighted by other reports.
What will not increase substantially, however, is the Gross Domestic Product of this new enlarged EU.
Unfortunately, however, we cannot make up for lost time.
In the negotiations, we must, however, create a feeling of understanding and community within the framework of the EU's long-term economic and political commitments.
It will not surprise you, however, if I now discuss one of these two states, namely Cyprus.
I think it is important, however, to emphasise item 20, which reminds the Commission of the need to develop other activities in rural areas.
It is just as clear, however, that the financial burden of the present Member States cannot be suddenly increased.
We will only succeed, however, if we are committed in the short term to supporting the European model based on family farming.
We do not believe it will, however, because the 35% given leave room for manoeuvre.
So, as far as funding is concerned, whether we are talking about the Structural Funds or farming, we must demonstrate our support for those who are shortly to become members of the European Union by being generous up to a point; however, they too must do what they can, not just in taking up the funds but in making the best possible use of them.
What can be said, however, of the recent condemnation of various Member States by the European Court of Human Rights, or the Amnesty International reports which, every year, denounce violations of fundamental rights in most of the Member States?
In the new Member countries, however, not only have there been no price reductions, there are even likely to be price increases.
This is unsustainable, however, in the long term because, since not all forms of farm production can continue to expand, it is highly discriminatory.
Will this mean, however, that no aid must now be granted to the new countries of the East?
The integration of the Canaries, however, into the customs territory of the European Union in 1991, and the gradual dismantling, by 1999, of the tax then in force, which was also intended to protect regional production, have accentuated the fragility and the vulnerability of the Canaries' industrial sector to external competition.
This proposal is also justified, however, in light of other considerations, not least the competitive inequality suffered by industrial firms in the outermost regions.
It is not, however, only in Sweden that the issue of taxes, particularly at EU level, is difficult to deal with.
What, of course, we can appreciate, however, are the advantages of, and need for, greater cooperation within that area too.
Tax fraud and evasion take on a specific national dimension for each country, in line with its culture and varying according to the degree of citizenship felt in that country. They also have a supranational dimension, however, based on the use of sophisticated techniques and schemes for getting around the law.
Tax evasion and fraud also have a supranational dimension, however, and in order to combat these practices, harmonising technical approaches or standardising administrative procedures, although important, are not sufficient.
The procedure, however, also has its problems, and perhaps the most important of them is the debating system in this Parliament.
The Commission is not, however, in a position to accept the following amendments: Amendments Nos 2, 9, 13, 14 and 18, for the following reasons: firstly, Amendment No 2, on which Mr Berenguer Fuster, Mr Tannock and Mr Schmidt have spoken just now.
I cannot, however, agree with her desire, as rapporteur, to reinstate hake in this report.
I would admit that there are, however, some doubts about the state of hake stocks.
On the one hand, I feel I must make my rejection of this regulation clear, particularly with regard to hake, which suffers irrational and unjustifiable damage as a result of being treated together with cod. On the other hand, however, I believe that this will provide a valuable tool for calling into question the reform of the CFP, which was proposed by Commissioner Franz Fischler and presented by the Commission to the Council.
Amendment No 20, however, is more difficult to accept.
I am afraid that we will still have a European Parliament that is difficult for most of the European public to understand and which will still suffer from the unacceptable lack of transparency which is the indirect consequence of working at a break-neck pace, however widespread and common this practice is here.
We are, however, able to envisage other methods of testing which provide at least the same level of protection for pedestrians.
Practice has shown, however, that adjustments can be implemented remarkably faster, not in years but even in weeks, as long as the right incentives are in place.
This would not, however, get to the root of the current problem. The root of the problem lies in the lack of familiarity with the guidelines, and not in any potential unwillingness on the part of the web designers.
The Commission does also want private sites, however, alongside government sites, to become accessible as soon as possible.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendments Nos 2, 9, 13, 14 and 18, for the following reasons: Amendment No 2 excludes from the proposal a large number of insurance intermediaries, which minimises the scope of the directive.
The plenary has also adopted amendments that improve the Commission's proposal, which we have supported, so neither can we reject those improvements which, although they are inadequate, do, however, prevent us from voting against the report, which is why we have abstained in the final vote on it.
It is a state of affairs on which, however, the EU authorities congratulate themselves, since the main European tobacco producer, Bulgartabak, is to be privatised and since the privatisation of the banks, insurance companies, telecommunications companies and other industries is progressing at the same time as direct foreign investment is increasing.
It is, however, gratifying that the report gives dates for closure of the Ignalina, Bohunice and Kozloduy power stations.
We should also like, however, to see this policy reformed and converted into a 'durable CAP' (see my explanation of vote on the Olsson report).
I should like, however, to emphasise two points that I feel are important to this discussion:
Nor is a two-speed CAP acceptable on a long-term basis, for that would be unacceptable politically. At the same time, however, a situation should preferably be avoided in which inevitable transitional measures are the pretext for ending up with a huge and labyrinthine administrative and financial system spread right across the continent.
We believe, however, that it must be the task of the Member States to take responsibility for measures designed to adapt public web sites.
They are doing so in an unacceptable way. We cannot, however, allow neighbours of an enlarged European Union to behave as they have in this case.
Clearly, however, respect for human rights is an essential condition of these agreements.
The attendant system, however, is very different from what one would expect from a civilised and leading industrial nation.
Every attempt should now be made, however, to prevent FMD from being imported.
As Dr Kindermann rightly pointed out, however, travellers and tourists are already returning from Africa and Asia every day, where FMD, with its many varieties, is a common occurrence.
We should not, however, focus our attention only on Korea.
We do not, however, believe that resources additional to those in the Commission proposal need to be provided.
The Cuban Government has, however, denied them permission to travel.
A driving ban, however useful it may be, has a drastic effect on the principle of the free movement of goods and hits the peripheral countries the hardest.
The Court of First Instance, however, overruled the Commission's decision to apply this specific tax derogation to France since the manufacture of ethyl-tertiary-butyl-ether (ETBE) in France had gone beyond the pilot project phase.
The amendments by the Environmental and Economic Affairs Committees, however, by raising the possibility of complete exemption from duties, make the two proposals compatible.
It need not, however, necessarily be so. Rather, it depends entirely upon how these biofuels are produced.
I do wonder, however, whether this objective will be reached by promoting the use of biofuels.
I have, however joined with the rapporteur in tabling a compromise amendment providing for indicative targets to be linked with the possibility of their being reviewed.
I do not believe, however, that the Council of Ministers, especially the Ministers for Finance, will be very pleased with this idea.
With regard to the environmental aspects, I would like to say that there are certain amendments which we cannot however accept, such as Amendments Nos 1, 5, 6, 25 - someone mentioned this one earlier; but I am sorry, we cannot accept it - 37, 41, 44, 60 and 66, because they would imply an additional burden which we cannot take on or because they would extend this proposal too far.
The corollary of this observation on the new circumstances, however, is the need to guarantee the utmost transparency and efficacy of the appropriate safety standards in all installations in the European Union.
The problem, however, is that we are too late.
I still believe, however, that the problems between the world of industry and that of the image cannot be resolved through subsidiarity.
The national systems examined by the Commission are now fixed until 2004, which does not mean, however, that they would become illegal and that they would then have to be reviewed.
Turning to the amendments and the report itself, the Commission would first of all like to thank Mr Turchi, as the report on which he worked upholds, even strengthen the scope of several aspects of our proposal. Of the amendments which were proposed, in other words, 15 amendments, the Commission must however reject Amendment No 2, as it affects our right of initiative;
At present, however, the Commission sees itself as having no option but to prepare to mobilise the flexibility instrument.
If I might venture an opinion, however, the situation this year appears to be much more complex and problematic.
I should nonetheless like, however, to highlight two points: first of all, the failure - already mentioned many times today - to implement the budget for the structural funds.
As I said before, however, we must act coherently.
We are still a long way, however, from the transparency that characterises our national parliaments when they legislate.
In Seville, however, France and Luxembourg blocked a more extensive opening-up of Council meetings.
We already know, however, that if, by accident, they were not to vote 'yes', their 'no' vote will simply be discounted.
It is, however, reasonable to say that in the past six months we have made more progress than ever in the field of justice and home affairs.
What happens, however, with the millions of illegal immigrants who have never applied for asylum?
Despite the Rules of Procedure, however, this is far removed from our current way of working, as we increasingly, in committee, for example, vote on texts that are only available in English.
If we weaken the stability pact and fail to promote reforms, however, we will not be able to fully implement Europe's full employment policies.
Reforms which do not involve a modification of the Treaties do, however, represent reasonable progress.
Here, too, however, the impetus is as yet insufficient to deal with the scale of the problems posed by this region.
I still feel, however, that this is the only course open to us for the future.
In taking this decision, the Commission must, however, consider whether such a long time is necessary or whether a short time will suffice. This is something which the amendments do not allow.
More generally speaking, however, the problem cannot be resolved simply by means of regulation.
Mr President, as you would expect, I voted in favour of the Turchi report, which increases European financing for cross-border networks to 20%. In my view, however, the Commission's proposal falls a very long way short of the challenges and, in particular, of the new guidelines for its policy on sustainable mobility.
We are not so naïve, however, as to expect this to be achieved by the current European institutions, which are all completely committed to private interests.
The Commission intends to provide funding of EUR 100 million, however, using amounts included in the current threshold for internal policies, which will provide greater openings for other objectives under this budget heading. The Commission also proposes to reallocate EUR 50 million in favour of cross-border projects within the current transport TENs envelope.
This feeling they have is not, however, borne out by statistics on inflation.
The public's price awareness, however, is not as it should be, as the real rate of price increase in the eurozone, which is statistically verifiable and extremely low, does not relate to the inflation that people perceive.
There have recently been less favourable developments in the aggregate money supply, which, however, have a silver lining in that they indicate recovery, being a sign that enterprises are obtaining liquidity for investment in future economic growth, and this, for Europe, is a matter of life and death.
A simple graph on page 59 shows, however, the drop in the value of the European currency, which is much more significant than all the fluctuations in the participating national currencies since 1994.
Someone will no doubt tell me, however, that the European Central Bank's report was right not to emphasise these slightly less positive aspects since the euro is now faring better, and that we have come through the difficult patch.
The lack of fiscal consolidation in the year 2000, however, when economic growth was flourishing, was at the root of some of the obstacles we are currently faced with, in particular in the most indebted countries.
This figure should, however, be used with caution.
It leaves me speechless, however, to hear things like genes entering the environment.
The second reason, however, is that such a scheme would leave consumers completely in the lurch.
What disturbs us, however, about the proposals before us and the related work of the rapporteurs is some of the ways the principles of the Cartagena Protocol are supposed to be interpreted.
The firms involved, however, claim that biotechnology is needed to solve the food shortage.
We are not losing sight of the fact, however, that since the identification of GM products is problematic, the very existence of a threshold poses a problem.
We are, however, divided about the clearest way of achieving this result.
In the case of approved GMOs, however, we should accept only the lowest achievable tolerance level.
There are still a number of shortcomings, however, which, in my opinion, could have been remedied by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, and I hope that the House will support this committee's proposals.
I must say, however, that I am extremely disappointed with the industry's lack of defence of their products and processes and, indeed, even their field trials, against unjustified scare stories.
Detention will only be justified, however, if it is considered necessary to achieving a legitimate objective.
The potential risks to the environment from products containing genetically modified organisms intended for direct use in food, feed or processing are, however, limited, as these organisms will not be cultivated.
However, the proposal to include an article establishing such threshold values is, however, more relevant to the proposal concerning genetically modified food and feed.
These accidents have led to measures which have, however, proved insufficient each time.
I should, however, like to emphasise that, in my view, the individual Member States have an important role to play here.
Abortion is, however, a very real social tragedy.
It takes issues which, when taken individually, are positive, such as the rejection of abortion as a method of family planning, the need to reduce the recourse to abortion and the viewing of sex education in a global and positive way, based on mutual respect and on responsibility. The report, however, confuses these issues with others that either correspond exactly to the opposite doctrine or which lead, as has been proved, to the opposite result.
Obviously absolutely no one advocates abortion as a contraceptive method; however, it is often a necessity and is generally carried out under the pressure of adverse social, economic, psychological or cultural conditions.
This issue is, however, addressed in the context of the recommendations made to the Member States and the candidate countries with the aim of safeguarding women's reproductive health and rights.
The fact remains, however, that this debate is out of time.
I believe however, that greater attention needs to be brought to bear on the responsibilities of men in this domain.
I must stress, however, that the quality of such work will depend on the quality and compatibility of the data provided by the Member States.
Taking into account the new management provisions - provided, in particular, by the new tools - it will certainly be necessary to optimise operations during the implementation of this programme, but without, however, opting for formal conciliation procedures.
It was in fact our intention to make these rules simpler, lighter and easier to use, easier for participants to read and understand, and more flexible, without, however, ceasing to be rigorous.
I am not saying that it is now or never; however, if we do not seize the opportunity now we risk enlargement's being substantially delayed.
At the same time, however, it was emphasised that a final decision will be taken based on all relevant factors.
Enlargement, however, is imminent and we cannot just twiddle our thumbs until a new Treaty is ratified.
Let us not, however, rest on our laurels or be content with the successes of the past.
It has to be clear, however, that if a country does not meet the conditions, then those that have already fulfilled them must not be forced to wait just because the others have not yet done so.
If, however, a Muslim from the Turkish part of Cyprus wants to do so, what will happen then?
Now, however, I have something to say to Mr Poettering.
We are, however, facing some very important decisions, particularly in the Balkans, for example concerning the American involvement there and the transfer of responsibility to the European Union.
I would, however, draw Parliament's attention to the importance of giving these unfounded statements, which continue to sully the name of our institutions, short shrift.
We should be aware, however - and you are aware - that these proposals are seen as discriminatory in the countries of central Europe and as a danger signal from the European Union.
It seems clear to me, however, that this is also a great opportunity to build bridges to Russia.
In addition to this, however, we need to recognise that immigration happens.
It is, however, a very substantial move forward.
The European institutions, however, are too closely linked to the business community and its interests to exert any real pressure on it in any domain whatsoever.
At the present time, however, certain groups are out to frighten consumers, even though there is no evidence of any harm caused by genetically improved products, far less by products derived from animals reared on genetically improved feed.
2. if the regulatory committee does not approve the Commission's proposal, the matter is referred to the Council itself; if, however, the proposal is neither adopted by a qualified majority of the Council nor unanimously rejected by the Council, adoption of the proposal becomes the sole prerogative of the Commission.
The Greens regret, however, that, although animal feed will be labelled, the final product, the meat, will not.
The fact is, however, that the desire of directors to maximise their companies' profitability, a desire that is reflected in their heavy reliance on subcontractors, runs counter to the quest for the highest possible level of safety.
This FAO Summit has nevertheless confirmed, however, what we have repeatedly asserted: the objectives of the fight against hunger and malnutrition set in 1996 are far from being achieved and perhaps increasingly so.
At the same time, however, it abolishes the European Union Development Council, and the Directorate-General for Development may also be axed soon.
Good governance in these developing countries is, however, an essential prerequisite if the cooperation which is vital for the achievement of the objectives we have set is to be strengthened.
The disaffection of the Heads of State at the FAO summit, however, provided confirmation that the developed countries' would not be committing any more resources, which cannot fail to give cause for concern.
Most of this money, however, is coming from the secretariat without any sort of real discussion and coordination with the donors or the membership in general.
I should like, however, to say that, even though it is a major problem and a difficult situation, we shall not, in my view, achieve anything by describing the American bill as a threat to transatlantic relations.
In the human rights area, we have different attitudes to the death penalty. Through our long-term efforts in combating the death penalty, we have, however, succeeded in influencing American opinion.
The ASPA proposal is now on the table, however, and section 3008 concerning the use of force will constitute a dangerous precedent in international law.
We probably have to face the fact that universal endorsement of the court is still somewhere in the future. I have confidence, however, that our arguments will eventually win the day, as they have in the many other areas I mentioned earlier.
By using its veto in the UN Security Council last Monday, the United States took a very far-reaching and unfortunate step in its opposition to the court. I understand, however, that negotiations to find a compromise solution in the UN Security Council will be resumed later today.
I hope we shall not forget the hostility and deliberately obstructive behaviour of other great powers beset with internal problems and even crime - I am deliberately referring to our Chinese friends and others - who are also putting obstacles in the way of the International Criminal Court without, however, having the courage to face an open debate in a dignified manner.
It was therefore appropriate for NATO to hold an emergency meeting, but at this moment in time, a practical solution to Bosnia appears imminent; this conflict, however, may in no circumstances compromise future UN peacekeeping actions.
I must otherwise refrain from giving Parliament good advice, however. I just wanted to commend both Mrs Mann and the efforts being made in Parliament's US delegation to improve relations with the American Congress.
They also observed, however, that the decisions made at the NATO Summit in Washington in 1999 and subsequently by the Council of Ministers and the Nice European Council mean that there are a number of points requiring further discussion.
Until, however, they are removed following a referendum, we shall respect them.
There are still, however, measures which Georgia itself can take in order to help itself.
As I am well aware, Georgia is, however, a part of Europe, and there is of course a theoretical possibility, which probably cannot be excluded, that Georgia might at some time or another be able to become a member of the EU.
That is not, however, something that should play any role at all in the present depressing situation.
The report was not, however, a formal proposal from the Commission on which the Council was to adopt a position.
I cannot, however, say any more at the present time.
The Council is, however, also clear about the difficulties and problems there have been in the period leading up to the Loya Jirga.
Now, however, that the PKK is on the list, it is not without reason.
Precisely because they are objective criteria, however, it might of course subsequently be possible to remove the PKK from the list on the basis of the same objective criteria.
Specifically in order to enable everything to proceed on an objective basis, it is, however, important for matters to be investigated thoroughly.
In the light, however, of what has happened and of the threat clearly facing our countries, the international community has reached a broad agreement about the need to take action against possible terrorist organisations.
Nor, however, is it clear that punishment is justified in all circumstances.
My doubt and my concerns in this case are, however, not great enough to stop me wholeheartedly supporting Mr Ceyhun's proposal.
In practice, however, racial discrimination has never before been such an acute problem.
It is highly regrettable, however, to discover once again that Community responsibility for defining and penalising racist and xenophobic crimes is to be based on the lowest common denominator.
It seems obvious to me, however, that this may lead to interference by one State in the legal arrangements of another State, unjustly restricting its sovereignty.
It is crucial, however, that minimum standards exist at European level.
It can never be emphasised too much, however, that there must be an equitable balance between combating the scourge of racism and xenophobia and safeguarding fundamental rights and freedoms, specifically the freedom of expression, the freedom of the press and freedom of association.
For the sake of truth, however, it should also be pointed out that clamping down on racist acts, especially violent ones, is not the only way to fight racism.
On the other hand, however, the Commission has always stressed that this must be a fight of a cultural nature and has for this reason already adopted various awareness-raising measures to combat racism and xenophobia in fields such as employment, immigration, asylum policy and the education system.
It might be more appropriate, however, in this House, to talk about material targeted at a large number of people, given that racist material distributed by one individual, for example, the manual distribution of racist propaganda, could also be intended for a large number of people.
In European law, however, as in the law of every Member State of the European Union, the appropriate balance must be guaranteed.
In putting forward the proposal to amend the Regulation, however, there is one opinion that must be pointed out from the start.
There are, however, other items into which the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has not been incorporated and which must be re-stated.
What must be examined in detail, however - and here I disagree with the previous speakers - is the major impact of mergers, especially on employment, and the criteria and procedures for examining the permissibility of a merger.
Competition, however, cannot be used as the sole criterion when assessing the acceptability of a planned merger.
I do think, however, that to mix up objectives and include an objective on maintaining employment in the Merger Regulation would make it less effective.
This brings me, however, to the third point of concern: the wording does not fully address the points in our report.
The control cannot be effective, however, without cooperation between the Commission and the Member States and unless the latter fulfil their obligation, as Mrs Attwooll said, to notify any infringements that take place in this area.
It is worth repeating that the conservation of meagre resources, however renewable, is the vital issue.
This does, however, make me wonder about Europe's role if local employment policy leads to a stable climate.
The pressure to take part in the labour process, however, is considerable, and we need to strike a proper balance here.
We must, however, note that the difficulties - indeed the impossibility of applying these rather basic rights at world level - are very real.
Hand in hand with this economic buoyancy, however, go sustainable development and social cohesion.
Globalisation, however, involves further regulation of economic and trade relations and also, at the same time, new risks.
The vast majority of children, however, are involved in labour connected to the undeclared economy, which makes it extremely difficult to monitor.
We will, however, not support the Ceyhun report for several reasons.
I do not think, however, that there are many offspring of European residents in the Turkish Parliament.
. (PT) The Seville Summit focused on three main issues: firstly, the approval of a set of measures on the organisation of the European Council and the Council which, without affecting the principle of equality between Member States, will enable these bodies to function better and more effectively; secondly, the positive confirmation of the timetable laid down for the conclusion of negotiations with the candidate countries that will join the European Union in the first wave, whilst respecting the principle of merit and of differentiation; and finally, the adoption of a firm position on the fight against illegal immigration, without, however, undermining the commitments on development and cooperation we have given to the countries of origin or of transit of migratory flows and their involvement in this fight.
This does not mean, however, that workers' rights and social governance should fall by the way side.
The Angolan authorities, however - and this must be emphasised - also have the moral obligation to give up much of the wealth they have accumulated and help their own people.
We are now, however, facing a clear humanitarian emergency.
That, however, is something he did not do.
On this occasion, however, the contents of this list are very important.
We have now, however, run up against another problem inasmuch as a dispute between the Danish Broadcasting Corporation and Danish journalists means that we are again unable to obtain any news.
There are, however, substantial differences between one type of packaging material and another, both as regards the environmental benefits and also the cost of recycling.
On the other hand, however, we must not use the Packaging Waste Directive to prescribe the outcome before we in this House have thoroughly got to grips with the issues.
We are opposed, however, to the idea of specific objectives for each material, since they would lead to a distortion in competition between materials and reduce the consumer's scope for choice.
What the Committee finally decided was not quite what the Social Democrats and the rapporteur wanted; hopefully, however, we will be able to hold to that target of a 10% reduction in the generation of waste.
It is extremely regrettable, however, that Member State governments are so unwilling to put the environment before big business, in particular in light of the rhetoric on sustainable development we have heard from Johannesburg over the past week.
Let us not, however, lose sight of the fact that packaging is more than just an unfortunate side effect of our consumer society.
All in all, however, I think the report provides a starting point on some important issues.
I should like, however, also to say that enterprises must not be used as a poor excuse for doing nothing in the sphere of general aid on which we unfortunately see countries cutting back at the moment.
We should, however, meanwhile display solidarity, and the rich north must realise that solidarity and the fight against poverty are a form of peacekeeping.
The impact of this credit could, however, be limited by its small scale, and discontinuing the use of set-aside land for non-food crops might not be compensated for by the move towards some energy crops being produced by workers' cooperatives.
We know, however, that soya-exporting countries mainly grow GMOs.
This, however, is not the case at all.
The most crucial question, however, is whether to support the production of plant proteins in the EU Member States or not.
The need for a Community safety policy, however, is, in my view, beyond dispute.
The Commission, however, is less than forthcoming on this score.
There is, however, something I would like to add.
The Commission's description of how we get there is, however, incorrect and inadequate.
I think, however, that Mr Fava and Mrs Sanders-ten Holte have done a considerable amount of work, given the size of this report.
Yet, the obvious seems much less clear, however, when you study the practical details of the project and when you realise that there is already a body that regulates air traffic, Eurocontrol, which has a great deal of technical expertise and covers a much wider territory than that of the Union, since its membership includes 31 countries of the continent.
The fact that these services are covered by charges paid by the users does not, however, confer upon them the character of services that are subject to the economic rules of the Treaty.
It is at other levels, however, that this proposal concerns us most, as well as some of the amendments that were introduced in the competent parliamentary Committee.
I repeat, however: the questions that I mentioned at the beginning are crucial to the final evaluation of this proposal.
The question inevitably arises, however, of the issue of creating functional blocks of cross-border airspace.
I do not believe however, as shown by the unfortunate example of what was done with the railways in the United Kingdom - and we must learn lessons from this - that we must break up the chain of control by too great a degree.
I am not saying this on behalf of the Regional Policy Committee, but I would, however, recommend them warmly.
The proposal for a directive does, however, have one grave defect, and now I want to sound the same warning note as Mr Jarzembowski in saying that it makes for downward harmonisation, albeit involuntarily.
We therefore came out in favour of regulation which, in a market regulated by the euro, liberalises and makes uniform sales promotions, whilst ensuring, however, that the same regulation protects both consumers as well as small and medium-sized businesses.
There is nothing, however, to boast about when you see the increase in the amount of this aid.
He emphasises, however, that the poorest do not participate in this 'benefit gain' which results from technological progress and the growth of international trade.
We cannot, however, believe that the effects of liberalisation are solely positive.
This proposal, which must allow a certain amount of harmonisation and interoperability of air navigation systems, is not, however, without its problems.
We have, however, abstained on this report as it only addresses this matter from the point of view of the airlines and airport management bodies.
The rapporteur, however, sees this as a means of restoring a feeling of safety among passengers, which will greatly benefit the airlines.
The report, however, is only concerned with the trade war against the United States, on which animal feed in Europe today is heavily reliant.
The basis of the food production system, however, is morally bankrupt, as it aims only to satisfy the needs of countries and social classes with high purchasing power.
These efforts will be in vain, however, if our negotiators do not commit themselves to defending our agricultural production with conviction on the international scene.
I also know, however, that prevention always costs less than having to repair the damage.
Here again, however, the instruments available to us have their limits.
There is no doubt, however, that the other, more important part of the Community's action must relate to prevention.
We ought also, however, to look at the causes and take the greenhouse effect and other human assaults upon the environment seriously.
We need, however, to address a number of issues which go beyond these emergency measures.
I should first like, however, to refer to the debate we have just had in connection with the tragic floods.
The appropriations for payments have, however, been adjusted downwards by EUR 300 million.
That only works, however, if all the institutions consider the model binding.
There was one further reason, however, for we believe we must make the fullest possible use of all the available means for rationalising and prioritising what we do, moving resources about, increasing efficiency and creating modern management in the European Union too.
The problem, however, is that, through the commitments made in the budget, we have also decided upon a certain level of ambition to which we must try to rise.
It is not, however, certain that it is enough just to increase the payments, and we have had certain examples of its not being so.
With regret, however, I accept the constraints of the Rules of Procedure.
The Commission does, however, provide them with regular training sessions.
There is, however, a difference, in that Romania and Bulgaria are both candidate countries for accession to the European Union, while Macedonia is not.
In order to gauge the progress made by Macedonia, however, we sent a delegation of experts last June as part of the regional CARDS programme.
I do, however, remain concerned about two points.
Three years is a long time, however, for a Parliament with a five-year mandate and a Commission that also has a life expectancy of five years.
Two years ago, however, the bubble burst, causing substantial collateral damage.
We are, however, very wary about the degree of extension that can be accepted even in this case, because of our suspicion of state aids.
We will, however, give all due consideration to your comments.
In order to do this, however, I must address the issue that the rapporteur raised on the legal base of the programme.
It must be acknowledged, however, that this sign of success is also a cause for concern.
I should also like to draw attention, however, to the field of prevention, by creating more high-quality employment, better social provision and support and by paying greater attention to education against violence, by providing more information and improving promotion of women and children's rights.
In reality, however, the rules of our conception state that Community funding is additional to national funding in a task of this scale and of this political importance.
There is one problem, however, that I do not wish to ignore: the issue of the debate on funding is very closely related to that of the legal base.
I have to say, however, that progress seems to have considerably slowed down since then.
A European social agenda is also needed, however, as something which is becoming more and more important.
If the open coordination method is to be successful in the long term, it must not however be applied behind closed doors.
In 1990, the Iraqi regime chose, however, to invade the small defenceless neighbouring country of Kuwait.
UNMOVIC too, however, was refused permission by the Iraqi authorities to enter Iraq under conditions that would enable it to carry out its tasks.
We must also, however, take account of something else.
I would, however, add that desired inspections of this kind will not rule out the danger of biological weapons arsenals.
It is worth remembering, however, who it was who helped promote him to high office. It was the same country which now wants to take the lead in bringing him down, namely the United States.
Achieving this, however, is easier said than done.
We Europeans, however, can only drive forward this process of weighing up the situation if we have a common view.
For a former parliamentarian, all these debates with planned speaking times have been a misery. Relief was at hand, however, and the delightful experience of real debates with spontaneous contributions in which people respond to each other instead of reading from pre-prepared scripts.
The important thing, however, is that we see this country progressing, with our assistance, towards peace and long-term stability.
This, however, is not to say that we cannot point to early achievements in our aid effort.
It must be pointed out, however, that the military operations carried out by the United States or the West in Afghanistan, like the random detention of alleged Islamic extremists in Guantanamo or the compilation of ever-expanding lists of suspect organisations, have not enabled us to stamp out the al-Qa'ida criminal network.
Once we are there, however, we should acquit ourselves of our tasks effectively for as long as this proves necessary.
You are quite right, however, Commissioner, that the problem in Afghanistan is the lack of security and that the current government, led by President Karzai, has little power outside of Kabul.
What is more, it cannot be the intention, surely, to obstruct the legislative procedure because a group, however important it may be, fails to reach unanimity on this report.
The new rule, however, leaves no option but to vote against certain reports.
We welcome the report's criticism of the Commission, however, both with regard to issues of form and for the lack of information given to the European Parliament and the social partners, and for the delays in meeting commitments it has given, in particular concerning the following aspects:
Prohibiting any sales promotion whatever is, however, disproportionate, harming as it does all consumers rather than only the small minority who are addicted to alcohol and therefore need treatment.
I abstained, however, from voting on the legislative resolution, because I believe it is still necessary closely to observe the follow-up given to this report in the legislative process.
Having said which, however, I worry that the Commission regulation may deprive the Member States' governments of specific, additional tools for fighting unemployment under special circumstances.
The issue we need to reflect on, however, is the fact that, as the Commission is quite aware, in some regions of the Member States of the Union, the difference between being in an area receiving aid under Article 87(3) and not being in such an area is a tax reduction in excess of 12%.
I would, however, just like to focus on three points.
There are, however, many practical actions that the European Union can establish.
This has been achieved, however. I shall just highlight a couple of points here.
I remain, however, convinced that dialogue will improve our chances of moving forward in this area, too.
At the same time, however, we also notice the emergence of an increasing number of fundamentalist Muslim groups which are opposed to freedom of religion in Indonesia.
There is a host of tasks waiting to be carried out, however, and both the Commission Communication and Mr Maaten's report are very useful tools in this regard.
Wearing my other hat as Danish Minister for Integration, I should like to say, however, that, when it comes to Danish legislation in this field, it complies fully with all the international standards.
There is, however, a need for further efforts.
With the best will in the world, I cannot, however, see the Council's efforts to reform itself as being in conflict with Montesquieu's theories on the separation of powers, and I cannot see that the Council has taken powers or in any way hampered the Commission.
A solution is not, however, a prerequisite for Cyprus's accession.
If the President-in-Office of the Council wants to tell you anything else, however, I am not going to stop him.
In the Joint Statement issued after the EU-Russia Summit, however, no reference was made to the MNEPR.
This, however, was a very specific, localised problem.
No strategy in this sense was articulated, however, something that Mr Swoboda summed up with words to the effect that, if there were no such strategy, that itself spoke volumes.
The Agency has itself, however, introduced measures to prevent future criminal manoeuvres of this kind within KEK and help it to clear them up.
On the other hand, however, the competence of the European Agency for Reconstruction has been extended geographically, and I wonder whether this is the right way to proceed, given that the problems presented by each individual situation differ quite widely.
The figures on the aid managed by the agency would appear, however, to be more or less in order as regards the relationship between projects, financing, payment times and results, and this is good news.
Recognition of this European citizenship has been a slow process, however, which faces too many obstacles, even today.
If we do not succeed in doing this, however many conventions we produce we will never manage to build Europe, especially when one country - I am referring to Ireland but there may be many others, including my own - has refused to recognise, to sign and to ratify the Nice Treaty and when three Member States have refused to share our experience with the single currency.
I am, however, deeply mindful of a whole series of social rights which were quoted by other speakers.
We do have something to add, however, to the discussion, particularly when the Convention is up and running and the future of Europe and institutional reform are being so widely debated.
When we distance ourselves from this goal, however, because we want to continue sleeping easy, we shall be opening the way to nightmares and to creating points of conflict, tension and disillusionment that will undermine the European project.
It is important to make the citizens aware that European citizenship - a term which is often bandied about in this Chamber - does not replace national citizenship, which remains undiminished, retaining all its associations of cultural, historical and social roots which connect different races of peoples which, however, are united in a common destiny, the destiny of the European Union.
On the other hand, however, if we look for the cause of this lack of interest, we find them in the proposals of the Coelho report itself.
This identity is constructed, however, on respect for diversity, because national diversity is an integral part of the specific European identity.
Above all, however, it would mean the quality of participation would be highlighted and the importance attached to hearing Mr and Mrs Nimby would decline.
Unfortunately, however, much too much is made of this subject of abuse.
We can, however, show that we take our commitments seriously and make good progress in adopting the implementing legislation.
This means, then, that there is a very important lesson we should draw from this, and that we should be aware that the inspection system, however effectively it has been set up, has failed thus far.
I am, however, concerned that the EU's controls should work properly.
You can, of course, turn things round however you want and say, yes, we just need even stricter rules.
A great deal of progress has been made in this field, however, and rest assured, ladies and gentlemen, that the Commission is working on this, to ensure that we achieve the recognition of qualifications and that, especially in the field of vocational training, we are able to open up new perspectives and use new common working methods.
Such programmes are quite expensive, however, and it is consequently difficult to obtain political support for them, yet this is vital since we in Europe are facing major problems of structural change that will require radical job changes.
As we know, however, we are a long way from achieving this objective.
I do, however, have a few comments to make.
The pre-condition is, however, that they should offer high-quality education in an attempt to create centres of excellence within the academic world.
We must ensure, however, that we do not fall into the trap of the dogmatic principle that is so dear to pro-European supporters: wherever there is a European area, everything must, without fail, be merged and blended together.
These two points are not enough, however, to convince us to vote in favour of this report.
I must, however, express some reservations about the self-confessed goal of this report through the creation of a European area of higher education.
This should not, however, create overly complicated procedures that would go against the objectives of the proposal.
It has the advantage, however, of being extremely clear on certain key issues, particularly on the desire of the EU's leading bodies to take action over any unequal liberalisation in trade and in the movement of capital, and to provide the WTO with even greater powers.
In the real world, however, the European Union is behaving like an economically dominant force in Asia and the United States like an aggressive force.
As regards the offence of fraud, however, checks, will, of course, have to be carried out, but according to our records, as Commissioner Patten has said, there has been no fraud with regard to the use of the Community funds which Professor Ibrahim's institute has administered on behalf of the Commission.
The tragedy of another age, however, currently being suffered by Amina Lawal, is threatening all these promises and signatures ratified by her country, Nigeria.
At the same time, however, we need to be aware that Nigeria is by no means a unique case.
After the events that have just taken place in Ramallah, however, with the bombing and besieging of the Palestinian Authority's headquarters, this matter must clearly be our priority.
We take the view, however, that the most effective way of overcoming these difficulties would be to abolish the pillar structure in the Convention on the Future of Europe.
I wish once again to make it clear, however, that we do not consider there to be any incompatibility between the open method of coordination and the adoption of legislative measures on asylum at European level.
We must never forget, however, that the Rule of Law must not be sacrificed in the fight against terrorism.
The Commission, however, clearly states in its report that it is unlikely that terrorists would ask to exercise the right to asylum.
Non-expulsion is, however, required by the European Union in our association agreements.
From the point of view of the ordinary citizens of Europe, however, I would suggest that the notion of the victim of a crime is a very simple one.
We had a proposal, however, in which we instructed the Commission to put forward a proposal and, in that respect, those of us in Parliament no doubt exceeded the limits of our powers.
That has been put in place in order to protect our European farmers, for it is impossible to look at a sack of ready-processed feed and see where the protein or fat comes from. It will now no longer be possible, however, to deceive farmers when they feed their animals.
The report that Mr Sjöstedt has presented has, however, largely lost sight of the aim of maintaining biodiversity.
The Cartagena Protocol is, however, an agreement on biosafety.
There will, however, always be a small number of people in any country who are prepared to abuse a system.
In these circumstances, however, I do not understand why it is that when we reach this point, the Commission and, therefore, also the Commissioner, are no longer calling for transparency.
This is the Community doctrine, however, and has been the doctrine advocated in the Committee on Budgetary Control, year after year, and is still being advocated.
What this rally did not put across, however, was the way that the countryside is massively subsidised.
It seems strange to me, however, that within this reform process two areas are not being touched upon.
The Commission is making a superficial interpretation of the Cartagena Protocol (which was the result of a compromise) even though it is clear, however, that the latter is based primarily on the precautionary principle.
Today, however, that inefficiency is visible in the growth of RALs, as certain other groups have remarked here.
Not by any stretch of the imagination did I, however, at any time think that the Commission did its accounts on an Excel spreadsheet so that the figures could be adjusted without anyone's knowing.
How quickly will it be possible, however, for the work on simplification to take effect?
It is likely therefore that we will have underspending in 2002 and an increased need in 2003, which should however be able to be covered by carrying sums over.
There should be compliance, however, with the N+2 rule, as it will help shore up implementation of the Structural Funds.
Some items in this proposal, however, are somewhat confusing, and I should like the Commissioner to clarify them.
I would repeat, however, that this can only be a general indication of the content of the letter of amendment; it is too early to anticipate what it will say.
For the time being, however, the Commission does not see any alternative to using the flexibility instrument either.
Here too, however, I have already informed Parliament several times that we intend to work on these next year.
In the plenary, however, we are having to work together to fend off two attempts to render this programme of assistance powerless by extending it.
We think, however, that it is important to set targets that are as ambitious as possible.
The instruments provided to achieve this are also sensible: start-up support for new, non-road freight transport services, which should however be economically viable in the medium term; support for launching freight services or facilities of strategic European interest, and common learning actions to foster more cooperation in the freight logistics market.
That, however, is the absolute limit as far as the praise is concerned.
Mr Bradbourn's traffic-light solution, however, hardly seems appropriate.
The question that arises, however, is that of how this is to take place.
This year, however, the figures are clearly rising again.
In some countries, however, there has been an increase in employment and women in particular have benefited from this.
We must, however, improve the actual way in which the open method of coordination is applied.
We must not forget, however, that economic policy, employment policy and the respective councils must be accorded equal value.
Having said that, I still want to emphasis that, although the European employment strategy has gradually transformed conditions for drafting and implementing national employment policies and enabled better coordination with economic policies, it has not, however, contributed to kick-starting growth or fundamentally changing the employment situation.
No real progress can be made, however, if the citizens themselves are not involved in decisions, if there is no effective social dialogue on the challenges of European construction, which are far more wide-reaching than the institutional aspects currently being addressed by the Convention.
There is, however, a necessity and an urgency for the state to be involved in the protection of workers and the social protection aspects.
Differences still remain, however, between national interests and European interests, hence the suggestion that every government should incorporate the national action plan into the development of common policies in the field of employment.
Structural weaknesses still remain, however, which only a coordinated medium and long-term strategy, with the active participation of the social partners, will enable us to overcome.
The approaches found there are, however, not necessarily reflected in the Employment Guidelines and the Employment Guidelines are not necessarily reflected in these rules either.
First of all, however, such a strategy should prohibit all large companies from making mass redundancies along the lines of those currently being implemented by the extremely wealthy trust, Alcatel.
The current policy, however, which consists of privatising public sectors left, right and centre, is exactly the opposite.
The open method of coordination has no separate entry in the Treaty; however, it has been a very successful method, which is why we have used it in another two procedures, exclusion and pensions, and we believe that the Intergovernmental Conference will perhaps give us the chance to finalise it and use it more efficiently in other policies.
This mandate, however, runs over four years, and I hope, Commissioner, that it will not be four years before steps are taken.
Objective conditions must be established, however, to ensure that the participation of women in the social and political bodies becomes a reality.
Whenever change is initiated, however, intensive awareness-raising is required.
I am not indulging in hyperbole, however - especially in an extremely sensitive area such as this - and I regret the fact that both the rapporteur and the specialist committee have opted for a hyperbolic and frankly excessive approach, which goes far beyond what is necessary.
What is worthy of note, however, is that we succeeded in gaining substantial acknowledgement of the advantages of sustainable energy at an international summit for the first time.
You will not be surprised to hear, however, that I think donors should be doing a lot more.
This fact is, however, worthy of a much smaller degree of frustration than the situation we actually ought to be frustrated about, that is, the situation the world finds itself in.
It is a pity that we cannot also discuss emission quotas in this context, but I will, however, say something about the report that the Commission published about one year ago.
What was expected of this summit, however, was not declarations or intentions about Kyoto: what was hoped for was for the summit to lead to the practical implementation of the Kyoto Protocol.
Finally, however, I should nevertheless like to express my thanks, respect and appreciation.
We agree, however, that it is legitimate to expect more than what was achieved.
We also know, however, that this fund has a purely voluntary basis which is not, therefore, binding.
It is clear, however, that neither the will nor the political priorities are the same, especially on the part of those that determine the outcome of these events.
The Commission proposal on emissions trading is, however, only a part of a comprehensive strategy.
In this case, however, our credibility is marred by the fact that the European Union, in a whole string of policies, is doing the opposite of what it claims to want to do.
If Voltaire were to return here, however, he would also draw a caricature, certainly a very impressive one, of those that today think that everything is for the worst in the worst of all possible worlds.
I would, however, like to express my gratitude for the clear position that the European Union has taken up on these issues.
It is not, however, the EU that we have to thank for this, of course.
I am, however, somewhat surprised about the comments by Commissioner Nielson on this score.
Because if all it means is moralising to Developing World countries, however useful that may be, it is too little and it is highly hypocritical on our part.
As regards development aid, however, the rich nations have for the past ten years been promising that they intend to spend 0.7% of their GNP on it.
This is a requirement, however, if we consider Mrs Brundtland's commitment to achieve a good definition of sustainable development.
This does not, however, mean reducing our efforts to address environmental issues, which are, moreover, the items on the Johannesburg agenda.
Unfortunately, however, after the weekend, very few stayed in Johannesburg until the end.
The new rule, however, leaves us no option but to vote against certain reports.
It is, however, certain that the application and effectiveness of the measures taken remain entirely dependent on the political will within the organisations.
The new Rule, however, leaves no option but to vote against certain reports.
This does not mean, however, that we support the report in its entirety.
We must also pay attention, however, to areas in which bottlenecks occur and the factors causing these in these other modes of transport, so that the Marco Polo programme does not lead to a transfer of congestion from one mode of transport to another.
The objective, however, of full employment set in Lisbon is a political commitment by the leading Member States, not a binding legal commitment.
But I must say, and I hope it will not be regarded as a revolutionary observation, that however much we discuss improving instruments, however much we discuss institutional architecture, in my judgment on the basis of three years' experience there is no substitute for political will.
It will not, however, be an easy matter.
The creation of dual structures, which is currently being talked up so much, has, however, nothing to do with the people involved at the top, who do outstanding work.
What we would like to see, however, is clarification on the terms of the Code of Conduct with regard to the export of arms into areas of instability.
The anti-Americanism that sometimes emanates from here does, however, ring somewhat hollow when it is used solely as an excuse for concealing our own failure to produce a clear, common policy on matters such as Iraq and the Middle East issue.
I, however, believe that there is a middle way between killing and dying, which we must take.
Alongside this progress, however, it must be noted that things have not been going too well just lately.
The problem, however, does not only lie in the country of origin.
The most affected, however, would have been the Palestinian people, who are today surrounded, trapped and starving in their vast open-air prison.
I also said in my speech, however, that the optimism I had felt had been shattered by the events of last week. I regret moreover that I did not, then, express myself sufficiently clearly regarding the pessimism that is again on the point of getting the upper hand in the Middle East.
In the pursuit of justice, however, it is just as important to pursue wisdom, fairness and common sense.
We were, however, expecting these objections from, for example, the rogue states. They, indeed, have a great deal to fear from the Court, which is also the intention.
An ICC with formal American participation but in which American war criminals remain, in actual fact, immune from prosecution would, however, totally undermine the Court's authority.
In order to ensure, however, that the aims of the ICC are fully achieved and that International Law is given greater credibility, its universal implementation must be guaranteed.
The primacy of the law in the international order will remain a pious fiction, however, if the world's only existing superpower refuses to submit to the jurisdiction of the institutions responsible for overseeing the implementation of International Law.
I very much hope, however, that on 30 November the EU will say 'no' and that it will not allow itself to be beaten into submission.
The Union and its Member States, however, should adopt drastic measures to kickstart these countries' economies, which should be covered by the Community budget, and which are not currently included, giving special priority to exports and showing the necessary courage and resolve so that our representatives in the international financial bodies can adopt these measures urgently in order to prevent further delays.
I think, however, that even if we doubled or tripled all of these measures, we would not get to the root of the problem.
The Council of Environmental Ministers, however, proved insufficiently flexible.
The notion, however, that we might specify different emission limits for sea areas and internal water areas will not work on any account.
Personally I consider, however, that sailing is the activity in this context that is the least harmful to the environment, but that is another matter.
It is a dubious notion, however, at the very least that different noise and exhaust limits should be applied according to whether a boat is meant for internal waters or the sea.
We Swedes, and my colleagues from Finland, are concerned, however, that this proposal for a directive opens the possibility of higher environmental requirements for leisure boats used on lakes than for those used for coastal journeys.
A completely different, separate issue is, however, that of exhaustion.
The work of the Ombudsman, however, has not been without obstacles during this period.
I should like to express my disappointment here, however, that the Commission has yet to act on this important request.
I also want, however, to emphasise that Mr Posselt and Mr Liikanen have made an important point.
We are still concerned, however, that development is thus being progressively reduced to a mere dimension, an accessory to the liberalisation of trade, whereas it is specific policies that are needed here.
We need, however, in particular, to encourage technical assistance to achieve institution building, which will allow balanced results.
Fourthly, a more specific issue, however, that I feel is important and which Mr Titley has already mentioned: I am referring to the fact that customs revenues represent a substantial, if not almost exclusive contribution to the ACP countries' budgets, which means that the measures we adopt on trade liberalisation must take account of this extremely important fact.
Perhaps, however, the PPE-DE does not fully share Mr Schwaiger's position.
This, however, must not make us forget that we are not equal to the ACP countries.
Customs barriers are not, however, the most important problem for the ACP countries. Instead, this is, as several other fellow MEPs have also pointed out, the EU's heavily subsidised agricultural exports.
Because of the EU's export subsidies, the conclusion is not, however, quite so simple because the EU backs up European exports to the tune of EUR 1 104 million so that European farmers are able to sell their sugar much more cheaply than the developing countries.
It would, however, be futile to attempt to improve a system that is fundamentally flawed.
It is a mistake, however, to extend this to non-road mobile machinery, for example, tractors and construction equipment.
What kind of world community, however, should we propose to future generations?
It is precisely the implementation of this predatory policy, however, increasingly favourable to capitalist groups, both American and European, and from which the wealthy classes of Latin America have profited, which has plunged the majority of the population into misery and unemployment.
We do not however agree with certain points in it.
Paragraph 26: We do not oppose closer institutional relations between NATO and the EU as a prerequisite for the EU's actually being able to carry out military operations relating to crisis management, but we wish however to draw attention to our view that any military intervention must be preceded by an appropriate UN mandate.
And if I am not from Cologne itself, then neither is Mr Posselt from Munich itself; however, as a Rheinlander like Mrs Hieronymi, I have a regional connection just like Mr Posselt.
There is something, however, which I consider to be far more serious: we were told we could not hold a topical and urgent debate this Thursday because we held one during the first session in September.
Enlargement is not just about economics, however. It is important primarily for political and ethical reasons.
Focusing on our new European neighbours, however, should not make us any less receptive to the ever-increasing expectations of the Mediterranean countries, expectations that we have not yet managed to fulfil.
Let us not be distracted from the real task, however, namely to reform the country in such a way that it is ready for EU accession.
Neither should we forget, however, that it is not only our own voters who have to be convinced.
One thing is clear, however. The monitoring of compliance with EU laws and respect for the Union's values is not a process which should end upon accession.
In order to succeed, however, we must address each and every problem if we want to avoid providing grist to the mill for people-pleasers or the shameful opponents of enlargement.
We all know, however, that some implications of the acquis will lead to acute, serious, dangerous social crises in these countries.
More important, however, is the gain in terms of a fairer, more peaceful legal order in Europe and the establishment of a European community of values.
Perhaps, however, this model will once again prove appropriate.
It is still too early to establish the content of a new resolution. It is crucial, however, for an inspection regime that is effective and credible to be established.
I should like here finally to say that it would of course have been better if this debate had taken place at a time when Mr Solana could have been present. Since Parliament insisted, however, on debating the matter in any case, I accepted the President's earnest invitation to take part in the debate.
One of them, however, the American Scott Ritter, opportunely suggests that, upon their return, the embargo should be lifted. This mercilessly cruel burden was imposed twelve years ago on the population.
While George Bush draws the world's attention to Baghdad, however, his protégé, who, not long ago, he classed as a man of peace even though he is violating all the resolutions of the Security Council concerning his country, is attacking the Palestinians with indescribable cruelty, thereby exposing his own people to a new infernal cycle of vengeance and hatred.
If anarchy is to be avoided, however, all outside interventions in the affairs of a sovereign state must be based on an egalitarian, global world order, which applies equally to all nations.
We could not seriously, however, tell the world today that tomorrow we will be able to capture Mullah Omar or Osama Bin Laden on Babylonian soil.
UN resolutions, however, must clearly hold Iraq to account and there must be a willingness to follow through with action.
Must not, however, the EU and the United States also comply with international law?
Secondly, no situation, however serious, justifies contravening the fundamental principle of public and private morality, in other words, we must not use means that jeopardise the achievement of the objective we are pursuing.
Waging a pre-emptive war, however, without Iraq having refused to apply the resolutions of the Security Council, could doubly compromise the essential objective of dismantling the Islamic terrorist networks.
For the past few months, however, we have witnessed a veritable bid, instigated by the United States, to take control of international law - a policy of double standards. In some cases violations of human rights and United Nations Security Council resolutions are flouted and go unpunished, while in others they are not.
A more sensible and productive international approach, however, would be to defend and ensure self-determination for all minorities in Iraq, especially the five million Kurds in the north of the country comprising one quarter of the Iraqi population.
A gap clearly exists, however, in occupational and geographical mobility in the Union.
I am heartened, however, by the lead that the Danish Presidency is trying to give and I would like to thank Minister Frederiksen in particular for a most helpful letter that he sent me on 18 September.
In its opinion, however, the Committee on Culture also highlights the broader objectives of a basic education and its fundamental importance.
The overall results for the past five years are, however, fairly good.
There are, however, some shortcomings, especially in the field of democratic control.
When we coordinate the processes, however, no one process is more important than another.
In order to achieve the goals agreed in Lisbon, however, we will also need to consider better labour mobility, and I particularly have the border regions in mind.
The guidelines also speak of the means, however, and I am slightly more doubtful about the contention that the means must be just as stable.
The question is, however, whether we are always able to do this.
These guidelines should, however, be clear and simple, just like the new relationship with ESF and the funds.
In line with the resolutions which we have tabled in this House, however, we intend to monitor the implementation of this agreement on an ongoing basis and look very carefully at what you, the Council and the Commission, are doing, so that we ensure that our notions of democracy and human rights, as well as the joint campaign against terrorism, can flow into a progressively positive common policy.
It would be a mistake, however, from our European perspective, to see the Algerian crisis solely as the result of the horrendous terrorism that has taken place in that country.
The situation remains difficult and complex, however, as may be seen from the low turnout at the parliamentary election on 30 May 2002.
The future of Algeria, however, would be more secure under the existing potential for democracy than under a new resurgence of fundamentalist ideas.
This wholehearted support must not, however, be indiscriminate or unconditional.
We should always remember, however, that everything concerning our relations with these developing countries is based on the Cotonou Accord.
In order to make further progress on these fronts, however, Côte d'Ivoire needs peace.
The talks were, however, brought to a close in June 2001, and it was not thought possible to make any particularly significant contribution to the supervision of the elections, or to provide support, or to play an active role.
Establishing the Solidarity Fund is such an important issue, however, that more time should have been set aside to discuss it.
I believe, however, that if Parliament insists that flexible qualitative criteria be taken into account when releasing funds, it must be heard.
Let us use this EUR one billion first, however, if we need to.
We are prepared, however, within the framework of the 2003 work programme, to examine whether OLAF has sufficient human and financial resources at its disposal to effectively perform the duties transferred to it.
Stocks of deep-sea fish are, however, very sensitive in biological terms, as they have a very low breeding rate and grow very slowly - substantially more slowly than other types of fish.
Leaving irony aside, however, I shall say that these species of fish living away from the continental shelves are precious and are part of the rich diversity of marine life.
In this case, however, the precautionary principle must be applied.
We are, however, favourable to Amendment No 6 which requests a review of the progress being made in achieving the aims of the regulation.
It has, however, doubts as to whether fishing effort control should be the sole management tool and therefore also has doubts about Amendments Nos 11 and 14.
If we were to change the reference period, we would be permitting a de facto further increase in the size of the deep sea fleet, which however does not at all fit in with the effort limitations that are urgently necessary.
It should, however, also do justice to industry's entirely unique dynamic, a dynamic in which continuity and scope for competition are not unnecessarily hampered by new rules.
It has also, however, revealed difficulties and, above all, question marks over certain specific points which are essential to guaranteeing the success of the system.
In many ways, however, it is a timid document and thanks to the work of our rapporteur we have all-party agreement to press for it to be made more ambitious.
Kyoto does, however, mean minus 8% and not plus 8%, which will be difficult enough as it is.
The Commission proposal, however, contains several problem areas that need changing.
In practice the outcome, however, depends on how the allowances are allocated to the individual installations themselves, that is to say, how many installations will have to pay for emission allowances and what their market price will be.
Parliament has, however, proposed a number of amendments.
It is clear that, however, within this context, our rapporteur has done some very good work.
I will not be happy to see, however, limits on the allocation of allowances, on the introduction of an untried system of benchmarking, or on limiting access to international trading systems as foreseen by the Kyoto Protocol.
We must, however, be credible here at home too, and that is why we have set up the European Climate Change Programme.
We believe, however, that this can happen further down in the legislative process.
In actual fact, however, it is a state that does not belong to anyone.
The European Parliament, however, is still being asked to endorse, on the basis of representative democracy, a practice that only benefits industrial and financial groups, and certainly not the unemployed.
The crisis that has been affecting Algeria for several years, however, has its origins in the economic policies implemented since the 1970s under the auspices of the IMF.
This, however, is where Europe, and more particularly France, bears a heavy responsibility.
They did, however, vote in favour of the resolution tabled by Mr Brok.
In this brief explanation of vote, however, what I wish to highlight is that it was our colleague, Franz Turchi, from the UEN Group, who had already tabled a proposal to this effect two years ago, which was regrettably not given a favourable response.
We do know, however, that deep-water fish such as orange roughy, commonly known as the 'Emperor', have a long life span and above all reach maturity late which means, of course, that stocks are replenished very slowly.
What good is mobility, however, if it simply makes the remaining unemployed more mobile?
Most people, however, do not want this, with good reason.
It must be said, however, that the government army is no better.
The fact is, however, that that possibility exists already.
A number of amendments, however, have been withdrawn in the meantime and a number are similar to those adopted in committee.
Furthermore, we have once again, in this highly intelligent report against which the Greens voted - we said that it was impossible for Korea to maintain what it claimed to want to maintain. We said on page 9 of this report, in Article 16, that Parliament 'stresses, however, that it will continue to push for an appropriate Inter-Institutional Agreement (IIA) and that it reserves the right to block transfer of funds to KEDO at any point in the future'.
Along with these benefits, however, Economic and Monetary Union brings specific responsibilities.
I, however, want Europe to win both battles - stability and growth.
The diagnosis is clear, however, and the remedies are within our reach.
This theoretical threshold, however, contrary to the powers granted to the European Central Bank or the rules on the euro, has never been the subject of popular consensus.
The defenders of the dogma, however, as we have seen once again today, are opposed to this because in the eyes of federalists, it is one of the main symbols of the supranational integration that has been achieved.
That includes, however, efficient coordination of economic policies, with Parliament involved.
If we want intelligent, flexible rules, however, a common economic authority must be able to take decisions according to the common situation.
Today, however, we do not know how to coordinate these economic policies.
On a day-to-day basis, however, the Commission must stand by the Member States, supporting them, not intervening like a policeman at critical moments.
The need, which I fully endorse, for flexible application of the Stability and Growth Pact and for coordination of economic, social and environmental policies, starting with the eurozone, has, however, been completely disregarded during the recent years of recession, not least because of the serious forecasting errors made by the European Commission and the European Central Bank, which actually discouraged any attempts to promote or coordinate an active, counter-cyclical economic policy shared by the Union's governments.
I have said, however - and I reiterate it before the House - that this is not enough!
This is not, however, a slip of the tongue.
In the long term, however, it will be a mistake.
Now, however, in my capacity as President of the sitting, I cannot speak on the matter.
This does not mean, however, that some technical adaptations should not be made, especially with regard to the so-called 'general' or 'horizontal' clauses.
From our point of view, however, that time has not yet come.
One looks in vain to the report, however, for a serious discussion of this legally and politically quite crucial issue.
By making a simple treaty change, the EU should, however, endorse the treaty as a matter of course, and that is something also recommended in the report.
When that happens, however, there will be an inevitable clash between the Court of Human Rights and the EC Court of Justice.
All the same, I do think, however, that we must think longer and harder, for if the idea is that people should identify with the treaty, they must be able to consult the treaty or constitution and see outright what rights they have in relation to the EU.
If we opt for the maximum solution, however, we must at the same time be open to the anxieties that might legitimately be felt by certain Member States, especially when it comes to issues of national identity.
We disagreed with the Commission, however, on the point of protection being afforded by a state-like agency, such as the UNHCR, and felt that this effectively imposed the duties of a state on a body that could not be held legally accountable.
Asylum policy is one thing, however, and integration something else.
Persecution is not always due to political, religious or ethnic reasons however, and the rapporteur is right to condemn the fact that no protection is provided to those - and I quote - 'who are forced to leave their homes due to poverty'.
Between the rapporteur's approach and that of the European People's Party, however, there are fundamental differences.
Subsidiary protection exists, however, to bridge the gaps found in some interpretations of the Geneva Convention, under which a refugee is defined as a person persecuted by a government.
This does not mean, however, that the granting of asylum can solve all this world's social, economic or environmental problems.
In these matters, however, it is better to move slowly and appropriately rather than rapidly and get things wrong.
For the moment, however, a good part of the ground has been covered, as have the bases for a common European asylum policy.
With regard to the issue of equal rights amongst refugees and beneficiaries of subsidiary protection, the Commission believes that the rights pertaining to the beneficiaries of these two different types of protection must be the same. We feel, however, that there should be a 'cooling-off' period and, therefore, we proposed that there should be a distinction, precisely in order to acknowledge the primacy of the implementation of the Geneva Convention.
It is also important, however, that the performing arts develop a satisfactory business dimension.
We know that the issuing of an authorisation for a medicinal product does not, however, mean that checks are no longer needed on its efficacy and safety.
We must avoid, however, any move leading to the development of deceptive and misleading information that seeks to promote the prescription, sale or taking of a specific medicinal product.
Health policy in Europe should not, however, be limited to the text on which we are about to vote, and should have been the subject of a more thorough deliberation.
This must be re-assessed, however, in order to take into account the effects related to its use as well as any new scientific data available.
We are, however, in favour of providing patients with extensive information.
This time, I believe, however, that it would be important for the Commission to follow up trends in medicine prices, taking into account differences in different countries.
I should, however, like to repeat that it is not commercial interests but health care that should come first.
Admittance to Member State markets, however, remains at the discretion of the individual Member States.
Spending insufficient time, however, on research and trials in order to rake in profits more quickly will certainly have a detrimental effect on the safety and health of patients, not to mention those working in these industries.
Too many previous examples, however, such as thalidomide, show us that the side effects of a medicinal product can last for much longer than five years and, in addition, developments in medicine happen so quickly that treatment for the same condition can swiftly change.
This simple idea, very different from the cost-benefit ratio, should however be understood by researchers within the pharmaceutical industry.
The proposal for a regulation and the two directives before us do, however, at the same time demand that the pharmaceutical industry, in view of the almost ideal framework conditions - data exclusivity standards are nowhere else as high as in Europe - should demonstrate its capacity for innovation.
I am, however, also supporting Amendment No 40, which grants existing medicinal products an additional three years' data exclusivity in the event of a new indication.
The Commission cannot, however, accept amendments that establish relative effectiveness as a fourth hurdle for marketing authorisation.
I am opposed, however, to the full withdrawal of the decentralised procedure to the exclusive benefit of the centralised marketing procedure.
I agree, however, with the Commission and not the rapporteur on Amendments Nos 7, 8, and 9.
We agree with the rapporteur, however, on the question of comitology.
Doctor Mouthon, however, a professor at the Maison-Alfort vet school in France, cast considerable doubt upon the reliability of the method.
The scope of these extensions, however, is small.
These proposals, however, ultimately attracted more no-votes than yes-votes.
In some aspects, however, it upholds the line taken by the Commission, as well as suggesting the communitarisation of policies.
What, however, is this 'ideal' we are being called on to support?
Apart from that, however, I cannot see the interest of such a text.
Despite this, however, we are moving the money and our priority is clear, what matters is enlargement and the future of the EU.
No one takes responsibility, however, for allocating the resources needed.
As regards the budget for external policies, however, I am not in complete agreement at present. One example here is the Global Health Fund to fight diseases such as AIDS.
We should, however, bear in mind that the enlargement of the EU is a very good investment in the future, an excellent investment.
I would, however, like to say this, Commissioner: it is not enough for Commissioner Barnier to examine how Structural Fund bureaucracy can be dismantled.
I cannot, however, agree with the President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi, regarding the stupidity of the Stability and Growth Pact.
I should, however, like to make a suggestion to the Council.
It is, however, also important for us to send out a political signal. We are a political forum, after all.
This aspect, however, is still missing from this budget which spends millions on fisheries agreements with third countries, from which only a minority of countries and shipowners benefit.
Since not all commitments can be met, however, and not everything can be funded when money is scarce, we have to turn to the excuse of the poor implementation of certain geographical programmes.
I would, however, immediately add that, in my view, it is also an excessively technical budget with only a very limited political dimension.
In this context, however, I hope that the Member States concerned, and in particular the German Government, will now also announce their figures quickly.
I do not agree, however, with eliminating the specific line for that young and much-benighted country.
In fact, however, since then, the United Kingdom has become a net recipient.
This budget is not only catastrophic, however. It is also nostalgic.
The 2003 budget, however, is an initial response to this need, and that is why it is historic.
The public, however, should know what quality is.
I would not like you to think, however, that our draft budget is bad.
Since this was agreed with the Commission and the Council, however, a new problem has arisen.
I am disappointed, however, that my amendment on landmines was not accepted - the EUR 3.15 million - because that would take us up to the amount to which we had originally committed ourselves.
Trade unions and employers, however, have done very little to promote the presence of women in their organisations.
He knows that I am a man of legendary generosity of spirit, so perhaps I just have to take it as a fact of political life that however much you tell some people the truth, they prefer to ignore it.
I would, however, be quite happy to answer your question in more detail in writing.
The age of sexual consent, as defined by national law, is, however, used as a dividing line for different levels of penalties.
With your permission, however, I would anticipate this possibility now and will continue my address in Hungarian.
We must not, however, go too far at the outset, because this is a very sensitive area and at stake are the security interests of the Member States of the European Union and all of our fellow citizens.
Having a small group of members who have access to these highly sensitive documents is, however, one way of ensuring a certain degree of, admittedly limited, parliamentary control in this area, which thus puts pressure on the Council.
The Group of the European Liberal, Democratic and Reform Party believes, however, that it is necessary to make sure that it does not become too common for documents to be automatically referred to this small committee.
I have to tell the rapporteur that I cannot, however, accept that discharge should be deemed to have been granted if, in April, the plenary rejects a proposal from the Committee on Budgetary Control that it be deferred.
Hearing what we have heard from the Netherlands, and other positions, makes it possible, however, to live with a fellow-countryman saying that sort of thing.
We should, however, have liked the Commission to have looked at some of the amendments that try to make the recommendations more binding.
We will, however, have another opportunity to discuss these issues.
The EU has not, however, ruled out examining the possibility, and the Presidency will continue to work towards a solution which satisfies all parties to the greatest possible extent and can win the support of the European Council.
That is not, however, the case where this debate on the future of Europe is concerned; and this, I believe, bodes well for our ambition to create European cooperation which is more democratic and has grass-roots support.
On top of that, however, the first wave of ten new Member countries will bring enormous economic benefits for the Union as a whole - for both current and future Member States.
That, for me, however, is perhaps the most disturbing factor.
As again became clear yesterday, however, political momentum is strong enough to carry us onwards to Copenhagen and make Copenhagen, too, a success.
The issue, however, is not only access to the Kaliningrad region, for beyond it, of course, lies Greater Russia.
Our main problem in the European Union, rather than in the candidate countries, however, is managing to muster political enthusiasm and historic vision.
The Member States' lack of solidarity, however, and unwillingness to reform is making living together in an enlarged EU increasingly problematic.
There is a problem, however: neither you nor they are ready.
This could not be achieved, however, by sacrificing a sector of our population, in this case, farmers and the rural community.
It is not enough, however, to grow in body; one must grow in mind as well - this European mind that the German philosopher Karl Jaspers characterised as 'the meaning of History, Science and Freedom'.
This idea, however, does not tie in with current reality.
Thirdly, in connection with other issues which may have prospects or require decisions, the European Union of the 15 or of the 25, or of however many other members there may be, must remain an area of social cohesion, development and democracy.
If a number of conditions have not yet been met, however, the acceding countries will be required to make a final effort and, if necessary, introduce safeguards in areas such as food safety, the internal market and justice and home affairs.
The politicians, however, must now roll up their sleeves as a matter of urgency, not as carpet dealers, as Mrs Schröder mentioned, but with the necessary vision and courage.
The most important thing, however, is to keep the citizens informed, something which has been the subject of much discussion today and which is poorly organised.
The opportunities outweigh the problems, however, although obviously we do need to solve the problems.
There are, however, sufficient arguments to suggest that enlargement will offer answers to people's questions rather than raise new problems.
We have been discussing the provision of information to our citizens on enlargement. Is it, however, the Commission which is going to do that?
It is, however, surprising how often the discussion is typified by unilateral thinking.
The question does arise, however, whether the Commission intends to actually deploy these sensitive instruments if necessary.
I have to say, however - and I apologise to Parliament for this - that the new Eurobarometer statistics only reached me this morning because they were only published this morning, and that they are remarkably more encouraging than those I read out a few hours ago.
The two-year period that the Commission has proposed does not yet, however, exhaust the possibilities offered by the law.
I, however, have experienced the difficulties which you mention.
Who can benefit from this confidentiality, however, and what purpose can it serve, other than to conceal the real situation from those living near to airports, from users and air transport staff, other than to safeguard the commercial and financial interests of airlines?
The situation remains quite critical, however, in some Member States.
The new rule, however, leaves no option but to vote against certain reports.
We have voted in favour of the report, however, as we agree with its political ambition of improving working conditions in the Member States.
All the agreements which are made between the Council and Parliament must, however, observe the fundamental principles of loyalty and the obligation for the institutions to make information mutually available.
We are of the opinion, however, that it is reasonable to accept changes even to the substance of the clauses, as we find it hard to see how the Charter could otherwise gain binding status and an application in law which works in practice.
Like other Members, I welcomed the drafting, the vote and the proclamation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in 2000 and I too joined the House in celebrating its achievements. We can still campaign, however, for further progress - which is something I can always hope for and even seek - in areas affecting society and the life of citizens.
the ambition to create a legal instrument that would attempt to subordinate the national constitutions of the Member States as far as possible, however much it protests to the contrary (note its aim of increasing Community competences in various areas).
I do think that, however important the steps taken in the aftermath of 11 September, only a part of what was discussed at the time has become reality.
You will understand, however, that I am a stickler for dogma and that I am obliged to take the texts into account, otherwise I could be blamed for this.
Eighteen months later, however, do the European Union and the Member States still deserve this trust?
Parliament's present joint motion for a resolution, however, is proving to be of little use in this context.
We must, however, bear in mind that the chief target of the terrorists is the open society.
We must admit however that there is something particularly silly about the problem that currently occupies us, an issue known by the expression the 'fight against terrorism'.
If we wish to combat terrorism at international level, however, we of course also need to take a critical look at ourselves.
At the same time, however, I note that Members were basically positively disposed towards the anti-terror legislation and voted in favour of it.
This does not, however, in any sense serve primarily to combat terrorist activities; above all it gives the EU greater powers to conduct investigations through, for example, the Schengen Information System II and the European arrest warrant.
There are, however, still many more measures that we need to take.
Well then, when we produce definitions of terrorism, we specify, for simplicity's sake, the groups which carry out terrorist activities. It would be shame, however, if this were to induce us to fall down the slippery slope and lump together with these groups what we define as religious movements, only very small parts of which may be involved in terrorism.
Even when we were still drafting the report, however, it was already clear that the Commission was treating the matter like the famous three monkeys who, in the Buddhist tradition, are supposed to report on mankind at the Koshin festival in accordance with the dictum, 'Hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil'.
With regard to democratic control, however, little appears to have changed.
It is, however, regrettable, that Commissioner Patten is not here to inform us further about the international aspects I mentioned a moment ago.
Mr President, if I had been asked in the question to provide the information that is being requested here, I might perhaps have been able to do so. The information was not, however, requested in the question, and I cannot therefore offer an answer.
Perhaps the honourable Member could, however, table a written question if it is important to have it answered. He might also perhaps telephone the Belgian Foreign Ministry, which I think would be obliging enough to give an answer.
I would first of all, however, emphasise that the Council's conclusions concerning the International Criminal Court do not encourage the signing of bilateral agreements on immunity.
It is stated, however, that certain persons do not come within the Court's jurisdiction because they have immunity under international law. Apart from such cases, any solution should, however, only cover those who, because they have been sent there by the sending state, are resident in the country that is being requested to hand someone over to the court.
A simple rejection of the American proposal would, however, have had very negative consequences for transatlantic relations, and it would have endangered the absolutely vital American commitment to worldwide peacekeeping operations.
As far as the Council is concerned, it is, however, still prepared to allow Libya to become a fully fledged participant in the Barcelona Process as soon as the country has accepted the Barcelona rules fully and without reservation.
There would appear, however, to be two conflicting trends in Libya.
With regard to this abduction, I can only repeat that the Council has not received any information about it. As I said earlier, however, the Council is well aware that many abductions have taken place and it has, in common with Parliament, regretted the fact time and time again.
Mr President, a question such as that cannot be answered in general terms. If, however, something along the lines of an answer is desired, it can often be a good idea to ask the democratic forces in the country concerned.
Mr President, I am sorry, but I seem to be repeating myself here, for the Council does not comment on statements in the media, either. I can nonetheless confirm, however, that there is a Europol document concerning the subject we are now talking about.
In order for the Regulation to be effective, however, it must provide a powerful incentive for people to volunteer.
Ultimately, cancellation equates to universal denied boarding for an entire flight. Only cancellations for which the corresponding airline is responsible would be covered, however, because, obviously, in some circumstances, it would be unfair for the airline to bear sole responsibility.
In this case, however, they would not be entitled to compensation.
In spite of this, however, consumers have valid reasons for dissatisfaction. Denied boarding and cancellation of flights provoke strong resentment, and the assistance provided during the excessive delays all too often leaves something to be desired.
We must not, however, lose sight of the overall context of this proposal.
In my opinion, however, the Commission proposal is seriously lacking when it comes to flight cancellations and delays.
If there are not enough volunteers, however, and everyone wants to go home or to their business appointment and passengers are denied boarding, then they must have some legal redress.
This should not mean, however, that passengers are treated like herds of animals.
Above all, however, improved governmental and administrative systems as well as democracy and the rule of law are necessary, as has already been said, to enable robust policy-making.
The main issue, however, concerns these countries' self-sufficiency in food.
All the evidence suggests, however, that specialising in exports of raw materials is relatively unprofitable and weakens economies by making them subject to the whims of world markets.
It should not, however, go unnoticed that the EU is the world's largest food importer, with 53% coming from developing countries thanks to the CAP compatible trade concessions.
The European Union is, however, still guilty of dumping in return for export subsidies.
In this case, those policies will not be acceptable and, however difficult the exercise will be, others will have to be found which are good, fair and provide a balance for the North, while being good and fair for the South, and providing a balance in terms of relations between the South and the North.
The Commission considers, however, that the proposal in its current wording will not bring about the achievement of this goal.
We must, however, make a distinction between commercial trade in ivory and the question as to the most appropriate CITES list for the elephants to be entered in.
I would insist, however, that the broad objectives of the programme seem to me to be good ones: to understand the operation of the taxation systems and to cooperate between administrations in order to eradicate fraud.
It is a shame, however, that the Council's agreement with the positions adopted by Parliament has been established only for a minimum period.
European law must, however, be the same for everyone.
Those whose actions are innocent but have unintended effects will not, however, be penalised.
Article 1 of the directive mentions having 'a considerable influence on the prices of financial instruments' - a concept which ought to be explained, however, on the basis of the effect of the directive in practice.
Like some other colleagues, however, I am worried about some proposals whose basic intention might be good and respectable but whose effects would be devastating.
The Commission considers, however, that these countries need to undergo an initial period of increased competition in the energy market before implementing the priority axes.
This programme and this amount of money, however, will have only a limited effect, and will not solve the problems of Europe's energy infrastructure.
Network operators, however, have no interest in removing bottlenecks in the supply to their neighbours.
Let us not forget, however, that we need energy to put into these networks and a number of conditions must be met if we are to achieve that.
The real issue, however - as the report makes quite clear - is to make the construction and the maintenance of infrastructures in the field of energy subject to the laws of the market.
We do not think, however, think that by allowing themselves to be guided by private interests, the current European institutions will achieve this.
I shall concentrate, however, on explaining Amendments Nos 8, 10 and 11, which concern Annex III and, specifically, the use of the comitology process.
We are sorry, however, that the aid for East Timor is being reduced, since the country is still in a phase of consolidation in the immediate aftermath of its declaration of independence.
On a slightly longer term view, it is not however enough merely to redistribute resources within the agricultural sector. Instead, the agricultural subsidies must also be considerably reduced.
We do not feel, however, that this is sufficient reason to disregard the fundamental provisions of the law.
At the start of the Brussels European Council, however, we must not lose sight of the serious threats to the CAP posed by a new, historic enlargement of the European Union.
Given the extremely broad majority achieved in plenary, however, it is also a sign that Parliament remains equal to its political and moral responsibilities and is not breaking the commitments it has given to the Timorese people.
In the absence of alternatives, we are, however, voting with the Group of the Party of European Socialists, that is to say for three levels of compensation.
This brutal and increasingly terrifying climate, however, lays bare the vulnerabilities of modern society and should, for this very reason, counsel us against the ambiguities and the traps of pseudo-justification of which, unfortunately, the text of the resolution is full.
The problem, however, is that Russia has already promised on several occasions that it would ratify the Protocol and this has not yet happened.
I do feel, however, that on this issue too, embarking on a charm offensive is not enough.
It does, however, highlight a possible need to establish correct agricultural management systems and practices for the different crop types to ensure their coexistence and consumer choice.
Even with one International Criminal Court conducting an investigation into a few crooks who bear a large part of the responsibility for the massacres in the former Yugoslavia and another conducting an investigation into the genocide in Rwanda, however, there is absolutely nothing to suggest that all those guilty of offences which are just as serious will be prosecuted.
Iran's leaders, however, should be in no doubt about the universal horror felt by us about the barbaric and medieval Sharia punishment of stoning to death.
We do not need good will, however; we need results.
At this juncture, however, it seems to constitute the most effective available means of promoting our attempts to bring about tangible improvements in the grievous human rights situation in Iran.
On this occasion, however, throughout Europe and further afield, people were deeply touched at the tragic loss of the lives of so many young children.
My dear Mr Cohn-Bendit, I would, however, ask you to ensure that, in future, our groups have the time to discuss such an issue in a democratic manner.
You did not, however, state, Commissioner, whether countries will definitely be able to refuse to receive waste they do not want.
It is, however, important that standards of safety attained at Union level are so high that we can also demand the same from the applicant countries.
I must emphasise, however, that enlargement is far from secure yet.
We now have a road for our further negotiations to follow, however: the Presidency and the Commission have a solid foundation on which to negotiate at the Copenhagen Summit, and that creates clarity.
It is clear, however, that if we are to achieve a result on time great efforts are needed, along with a willingness to compromise on the part of everyone involved, both Member States and candidate countries.
It is clear, however, that at least one category of citizens will not benefit from these policies after 2006, and this is the French farmers.
Could it really have done anything else, however, without sparking a crisis, or even a disaster?
Three days later, however, before the Convention, he presented a preliminary draft entitled the 'Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe'.
We would, however, like to express our concern regarding the impact of this agreement on the much-needed reform of the common agricultural policy.
In relation to the Palestinians, however, three important things are happening.
It remains to be seen, however, whether the effect on the peace process will actually be as is feared.
Neither international efforts at laying down a promising road map, nor the Palestinian Authority's efforts at reform have, however, been able as yet to bring about any improvement in the situation on the spot.
As far as Chechnya and our relations with Russia are concerned, we have just heard Mr Prodi express his commitment, and we are asking you, Mr Solana, to speak on our behalf and, I am sure, on behalf of the entire House, and condemn in the strongest possible terms the cowardly and criminal act of terrorism which took place in Moscow. At the same time, however, you must warn against the response in Russia by the public and by some of those responsible for combating terrorism who could confuse the ordinary Chechen population with the extremists who are guilty of preparing and carrying out this crime.
This is because, first of all, on 29 October, the new government of the Palestinian Authority, approved by the Palestinian Legislative Council, was presented with, as you said, a broad majority. President Arafat was still, however, the target of severe criticism even within this House, due to the ineffective reshuffle which kept most of the ministers axed by the same Council in their posts.
Both of them, however, held very closely to the time that they were allocated.
I was extremely surprised, however - since President Bush has not yet ruled out the threat of another war against Iraq, with or without the UN resolution - that the Brussels European Council found nothing to say about this.
What we do not need, however, is to go down the road leading to unilateral war.
There is a theory that you have not mentioned, however, and that is if Iraq no longer has any weapons of mass destruction, what happens then?
As regards Europe's policy on Iraq, however, I feel that we must not confine ourselves to purely diplomatic measures but, mindful of the commitments made after September 11, exploit all the possibilities offered by intelligence in order to get to the heart of the matter and tackle the roots of terrorism, which are in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States.
No economy, however much aid we give it, can survive unless its citizens enjoy freedom of movement.
We also acknowledge, however, that there is a risk posed by weapons of mass destruction, and that this is not the problem of just one country.
As far as rice is concerned, however, there was initially broad agreement on the need for change in the sector - the adoption of the 'Everything But Arms' initiative makes this inevitable.
As I have mentioned previously, however, there is no agreement on the choice of tools for achieving this objective and the debate in the Council revealed divergent attitudes on matters such as the choice of instruments and distribution of the resources.
The majority of the delegations however feel that in the first instance it should be a voluntary system that is attractive to farmers, so that we can get as many as possible to use the scheme.
I needed, however, to clarify what is really happening.
In order to be able to continue the debate on a constructive change to agricultural policy in the long term, it is important, however, for the proposal put forward by the Commission in its mid-term review to be able to get off the ground.
The ceiling of EUR 300 000 would affect only 1 900 of the four and a half million farms; according to our calculations, however, the annual 3% reduction would affect an entire range of farms, from the very small to the largest.
We must, however, guard against acting hastily, against robbing Peter to pay Paul, which would ultimately satisfy no one.
I would remind you, however, that it was only once we had started that we discovered the Commissioner would have to leave to attend another engagement and there is nothing I can do about that.
It would be a mistake, however, to confuse this funding stability with the status quo of the CAP.
Mr President, the resolution presented this morning in plenary is indeed the result of agreement and consensus across all the political groups within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. Consensus would never have been reached however, without the wonderful work of Mr Daul, the Chairman of the Committee.
As always, however, the debate was opened and closed without any progress being made.
Paragraph 3, which calls for a more precise definition of the objectives of protection of the environment, public health and animal welfare, describes what have always been the parameters of mountain farming, what I would call endemic mountain farming. Above all, however, mountains are implicit in the section on rural development.
The reform of the CAP, however, only increases this uncertainty.
To put these sums into perspective, I would like to remind you that the Republic of Korea's contribution amounts to over three thousand million United States dollars. Japan's contribution, however, is approximately one thousand.
This is the approach we should adopt. At the same time, however, we must ensure that the International Atomic Energy Agency's inspectors in Pyongyang are able to continue their monitoring duties.
There is no need, however, desperately to cling to so completely ill-conceived and discredited a project as KEDO.
As you may remember, however, In September 1994, the Estonia disaster occurred in the north of Europe, causing 800 deaths.
We must fight against social discrimination wherever and however it manifests itself.
I have however noted what Mr Lagendijk said regarding conditions. I agree with him on strengthening of the rule of law.
In fact, the boycott of the elections by the Serbian population of North Mitrovica meant a complete rejection of the very generous seven point plan proposed by UNMIK chief Steiner - a proposal that, however, actually wants to go a long way towards meeting the interests of the Serbian minority in a predominantly Albanian Kosovo.
I would, however, like to comment on some of Mr Lagendijk's fundamental observations, because they seem very important to me.
As I see it, the Stability Pact - and this is Mr Bussek's intention in his role as Special Coordinator - needs to become more focused, with a reduced role and tasks being increasingly transferred to the Commission. This should not, however, take place outside the enlargement process, but should come in at the latest with effect from 2004/2005, when the new Commission will meet in accordance with the enlargement process.
What we are experiencing today is not however in line with that approach.
I cannot, however, support paragraph 16, nor part of paragraph 17.
So far, however, the European Union has failed, for there is no climate tax.
Since that time, however, we have witnessed a wave of mergers and take-overs in the media with the emergence of vast conglomerates such as AOL Time Warner, CBS, Viacom and Vivendi Universal.
Ten years ago, however, it would appear that it was sufficient.
There is, however, a paradox which I would like to point out in this debate.
I would, however, like to point out that this issue affects other sectors as well as politics.
This is not enough, however, as the plurality of private operators alone cannot fulfil the fundamental role of information in a modern democracy, nor safeguard cultural diversity.
I should point out here, however, that the Commission has submitted this more restricted proposal, which takes account of the legal framework set by the Court of Justice, in tandem with a proposal for a recommendation containing the elements which, as I said, have been excluded from this directive.
Such a ban on newspapers and magazines would, however, not be permissible.
Customer relations of this kind do, however, take their toll.
I should, however, like to urge the European Commission to continue its search for ways of reducing the use of tobacco, particularly where young people are concerned.
At the same time, it is important, however, to send out the right signals, above all to children and young people.
It must, however, be borne in mind that cannot be achieved only by means of a regulation covering only the territory of the European Union.
Confronted with this genuine evil, however, the only solution being proposed is to strengthen prudential rules or to improve supervision, as if the financial conglomerates could be supervised from above by the political authorities responsible for protecting them.
Our rapporteur, Mr Lipietz, however, is proposing that the common position should be approved without amendment so that work on implementation might begin without delay.
We should, however, ensure that we do justice to historical catch rights in the new common fisheries policy; these should not be jeopardised.
I believe that, however many debates we have held and however many issues may legitimately divide us, it is clear that we must resolve the problem of how to guarantee sustainable fishing.
The social component of the measures we are to decide on, however, plays a key role in this.
Madam President, Commissioner, unlike our esteemed rapporteur - the basic approach of whose text I do, however, appreciate - I am convinced that our work is neither superfluous nor useless.
It must also be said, however, that the proper legislative basis is the action plan endorsed by the Amsterdam European Council of June 1997 and drawn on by the Vienna European Council of December 1998.
The added value of this initiative, however, is that it addresses extended powers to confiscate the property of a person convicted of a serious crime, especially when the convicted person was involved in organised crime.
It must be clear to us, however, that there is still a range of things in this process that need to be put in order.
I do think, however, that the achievement of something as self-evident as this must not go hand in hand with watering down the Copenhagen political criteria in order to gain a political trade-off.
This naturally presupposes an understanding with this Parliament to the effect that 10 Commissioners will be able to accede without portfolios and, presumably, without being approved by Parliament, its being specified however that, when the new Commission is appointed, presumably as per 1 November, all the Commissioners will naturally have, as always, to be approved by Parliament, which by that time will have been newly elected.
Before they become Member States, however, further efforts are of course required.
It appears to me, however, that Estonia's economic structure has in the meantime become healthier than in many other candidate countries.
It is also the European Union's duty to itself, however, to be capable of being integrated, of taking decisions, of taking on a transparent and democratic form, and, on that point, I have to say that the Western side has to do its homework better.
The EU, however, is different; this is far more involved.
My most burning question is, however, why is Turkey doing this; surely there must be some underlying belief?
The moment of accession, however, is not the EU's final destination.
We also know, however, that the transition, or rather the process of transforming the economies of the countries concerned, will take much longer.
Since yesterday afternoon, however, everyone can see that, on every additional display screen installed in the Chamber for the benefit of the new arrivals, the future members, only one language is used, that is, English.
We should, however, be asking ourselves what we expect of the citizens of the future EU if they have to deal with the same amount.
Following accession, however, we must continue our work to enlighten and convince people throughout the enlarged EU.
There have also, however, always been members of Bohemia's second ethnic group here, the Sudeten Germans. I am thinking of Volkmar Gabert and Egon Klepsch.
In certain quarters, a number of people are, however, sceptical about this cooperation, which has been accused of being only for the richer countries in our part of the world.
It depends upon ourselves, however, and upon how we deal with the challenge now facing us. What we are concerned with here is a more diverse Europe that is richer economically, socially and culturally.
Criteria for membership, however, must be kept in mind right up until the negotiations have ended.
We are, however, concerned that the practical problems may delay the implementation.
We must also bear in mind, however, that some regions of the current European Union of 15 are also very poor, and hence the European Union cannot at the same time abandon the policy of economic and social cohesion that it has been pursuing for these countries for some years;
I would, however, like to raise a matter that President Prodi mentioned today.
The good-neighbour policy should not, however, remain just words on paper: the European Union should also develop a proper practical policy with goals and action.
After enlargement the Baltic Sea will virtually be an internal sea of the EU, except, however, in one corner where it meets Russia and what is almost that country's most populous region, St. Petersburg and the area around it.
At the same time, however, by integrating Cyprus, the European Union itself is demonstrating that it is an international entity with international credentials and this will help enormously in resolving the Cyprus problem.
Since there is broad agreement here that we welcome this process and we are taking for granted that ten new states will soon be sending their representatives here officially, I should, however, like to raise one aspect again, that is the necessity of canvassing in all future 25 countries for this also to find acceptance with public opinion, with the citizens.
I think it is very unfortunate, however, that it has been suggested that there should be a change of policy.
In the pauses between the celebratory speeches, however, we have to remember that achieving a viable Internal Market required and will require, in the future too, great effort on the part of all concerned.
A great willingness to compromise is required, however, together with great understanding of the other party's needs and points of view.
From everything I have heard, however - yesterday, too, from the Member States and the new Member States - there is an awareness of the fact that decisions must be taken so as to prevent the bottlenecks Mr Maaten talked about or, in other words, problems involving the inability to take decisions.
Although this dialogue did indeed take place last spring, however, it was difficult to differentiate between this specific legislative planning exercise and what are known as regular meetings which take place throughout the year between parliamentary committees and commissioners in their respective fields of competence.
I did note, however, Mr President, that you would like the Commission to present monthly reports to Parliament.
The Union, however, continues to implement a security and defence policy based on the military option and alliance with NATO, instead of working towards conflict prevention.
This effective border control, however, is entirely illusory and distances us further from the inclusive Europe you spoke of yesterday morning, Mr Prodi.
As representative of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, I do, however, feel that we should be basing our assessment of this legislative programme on the agenda for sustainable development, outside as well as within the European Union.
Now however I should like to take a closer look at the third priority: sustainable development.
In Annex 2 however I see that the main focus of attention is on completion of the internal market.
We must not, however, exhaust them with excess legislation and authority.
It is a wide-ranging issue with major political implications, on which, however, there are a whole series of operational decisions to be taken, for we cannot limit ourselves to making declarations of principle.
This acceleration, however, will not exceed 1%, which means, and I quote, that a rate of growth of around 3% therefore seems impossible to achieve for 2003.
The socialists, however, advocate a proactive policy in favour of growth and employment, because in politics chanting has never produced results.
In any case, when Russia accedes to the Union - however far in the future - we will not be able to stipulate that only the part on this side of the Urals can do so, and that will bring great changes, particularly in the way the Union defines itself.
In practice however this is still not happening.
'External presentation' and 'internal behaviour' are, however, two very different things.
I believe, however, that it is high time we regarded a coherent energy policy strategy as being part of our external policy.
I do recognise, however, that Mr Prodi's observations about increased flexibility in relation to the stability pact are not reflected in the work programme, not directly at least.
I cannot believe, however, that they will be achieved more successfully in 2003 than in 2002 or 2001, unless the necessary financial and political means are provided.
Should we then, however, not do more so that the populations of these countries actually become involved?
It is, however, the very nature of the policies imposed by the EU that is the primary cause.
This assessment, however, concerns European integration as a whole.
Given that dock dues have existed for 150 years, however, it would appear that it does not actually protect workers against unemployment.
The new rule, however, leaves no option but to vote against certain reports.
The new rule, however, leaves no option but to abstain on certain reports.
It must be said, however, that the term 'labour-intensive services' actually hides a barely-concealed subsidy for employers in certain sectors, without consumers enjoying, as we are led to believe, even the slightest advantage.
At the same time, however, it advises linking research to industry and creating a favourable business climate; in other words, it is pushing for the EU model to be adopted and wants research to operate in accordance with market rules.
The rapporteur does not really believe this himself, however, as he only foresees stabilisation in the long term.
The amendments proposed by Parliament, however, are highly ambiguous and do not adopt a position in favour of public health, but quite the opposite.
Difficulties arise, however, as a result of the disparities between the various Member State legislations.
The report does highlight some of the threats to the balance between human beings and nature, and some of the threats to people who live entirely off the sea and have no other means of making a living. The report does not however challenge in any way the rationale of a social system in which producers, workers and the natural world are always sacrificed on the altar of capitalist profit.
We are, however, amazed at some of the circumstances surrounding the Brussels Summit.
As regards security and defence however, though we are working hard on the relationship between Russian and NATO, we should also start to reflect on the relationship between European Security and Defence Policy and Russia.
I would like, however, to end by saying that it is important for Parliament to hold fast to its ideals and take the Council to task if there is a risk of our not doing the same.
I do not, however, think that there is any reason to admonish the Council or the Presidency for the way in which they handled this very difficult summit which has just taken place.
Being a political animal myself, I will not engage in a more substantive political discussion on the nature of the conflict and these other issues, however tempting that might be.
In the end, however, we are sorry to say that this opportunity was largely wasted.
Simply implementing elections does not, however, guarantee democracy.
What I do not understand as the nominated rapporteur, however, is that at a moment when we are anxious to tackle employment policy and growth in an active way, we are wasting time.
In this particular week, however, I agree with Mr Ettl that it is appropriate to add something about the need for early involvement of the prospective new members in the tripartite social summit and the state of dialogue within those countries.
The Legal Service of the Council is however of the opinion that this provision cannot be used because it does not give the Council unrestricted decision-making competence.
Increased financial integration, however, also creates a need for improved cooperation on financial supervision in the EU and greater vigilance as regards financial stability.
We must all be aware, however, that this is a broad issue which does not solely concern financial legislation.
It does look, however, as if each Member State is independently trying to re-invent the wheel.
We shall, however, be taking a closer look at this in the remainder of the debate.
We must, however, constantly ask ourselves whether the process selected will help to contribute to that stability.
We are not, however, just dealing here with the institutionalisation of further transparency mechanisms.
We are, however, aware that the national regulatory structures are not just different but entirely out of line with each other.
I do however have serious concerns about the developments regarding independent supervision in the accession countries.
There are two point which should be corrected, however, and which I would like to explain as follows.
There are, however, different views in our group also.
The key issue in all aspects of food safety legislation, however, is the principle of traceability and transparency, as well as risk assessment.
In the European Union, however, herbal medicinal products are not yet regulated on a uniform basis.
From a European perspective, however, it is preferable to provide a European solution.
In many countries, however, temporary employment is looked down on, mainly when flexibility and quality of work are not pulling in the same direction.
With this attempt, however, they are also trying to take the sting out of it, because pay is of course the most important condition of employment.
We have, however, suggested various amendments in case the proposal is not rejected outright.
What is interesting, however, is that temporary work is most readily accepted by society, and is also increasing to the greatest extent in those Member States where the principle of equality applies, namely in France and the Netherlands.
It is a directive that places temporary work within its own part of the labour market, recognising its importance and value without, however, pushing it until it becomes almost the only system for hiring people.
Mr President, this report will introduce some improvements in working conditions for temporary workers in Europe. Its main aim however is to legitimise the flexibility and fluidity of the labour market.
There are, however, also very many Member States that do not offer good protection, Mrs De Rossa made full reference to this.
This is not regulated in law, however, but through negotiations between the social partners, as should continue to happen in the future.
The committee's decision to allow employment agencies to receive reasonable costs, however, is an improvement on the poor proposal put forward by the Commission.
The concern expressed by the broader public, however, with regard, for example, to genetically modified organisms and to cloning is a very clear sign, which the political, scientific and industrial world must heed.
This does not, however, alter the fact that the committee has been overtaken by events.
This directive from 1998, however, has simply been ignored by the majority of Member States.
The Commission's action plan, however, already provides for the initiation of a social debate.
We must also remember, however, we cannot have science without awareness.
I abstained, however, from voting on the Brok report, because I believe that enlargement as envisaged by the report is taking place under very poor conditions.
We condemn, however, the Board's refusal to agree at this stage to a further increase in the next five years.
It is, however, also important to invest in social infrastructure.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the report we are currently considering, which I must commend for its quality, clearly emphasises the importance of the European Investment Bank as a crucial instrument for the funding of projects throughout the European Union. It also, however, highlights the decisive role that this bank plays in the economies of the candidate countries for which it proposes, as a matter of fact, to create a special social policy programme.
This aim can only be achieved, however, through support for structural investments and is, consequently, unfettered by restrictions that could endanger these investments.
As we all know, nothing is so good, however, that it cannot be improved, and that applies too to access to information in several languages.
I would emphasise, however, that the EIB's efforts in the Balkan countries, which are part of its remit, deserve increased attention.
We must, however, first solve one problem, which is that of medium-sized enterprises.
There is also, however, the sector of EIB activities which have nothing to do with Community funds and are financed by our earnings from financial markets all over the world.
I would, however, like to make a few comments.
I am, however, keen to specify, quite clearly, that the improvements which we expect to see in the instrument will in no way mean a more lenient policy.
Judicial control, which exists and is strict, should not, however, only be effective in terms of thoroughness, but also in terms of speed.
In particular, I am unable to consider one point which I know, however, to be of great interest to the Chairman of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, Mrs Randzio-Plath, and that is international cooperation, an area in which considerable progress has been made over the last year.
The effective implementation of competition policy, however, has led to debate.
This is not to say, however, that the Commission, which has been given considerable competence here, wishes to restrict its rights in the field of competition.
We would, however, urge the Commission to fulfil a justified desire on the part of companies to obtain more legal certainty, particularly in complex matters.
At the same time, I would, however, put forward a proposal that I hope the Commission will consider.
In the process, however, it is not only the individual company that needs to be assessed; the entire net product chain of which the company is part needs to be taken into account.
I am not especially happy, however, with all of the recommendations in this report.
I have yet to hear, however, that tobacco consumption in the British Isles is much lower than in the other Member States as a result, let alone that the problem has been solved.
May we emphasise once again, however, that an anti-smoking campaign is not the same thing as an anti-tobacco campaign and that the anti-smoking campaign should not take the form of a campaign against tobacco cultivation in ?U member states, as the EU argues in Amendment No 17 of the report.
According to the evidence, however, it does not scare people.
We would, however, emphasise that diversity and a wealth of ideas provide the best impetus to successful research.
We reject, however, the many direct and indirect indulgences in the report of private companies.
Other, broader initiatives, should not, however, be ruled out.
It is, however, unable to support Amendments Nos 4 and 5.
Significant progress on technical matters was made at the COP8, however. These related in particular to mechanisms for clean development, reporting, and review procedures.
Locating the Agency in Galicia could however go some way towards compensating the area. I know this falls outside the competence of both Parliament and the Commission, but I feel moved to express my thoughts aloud.
She went on to say, however, that despite Parliament's express wish to the contrary, vessels without protective ballast tanks will be able to ply the seas until 2012. Those that do have such protection will be permitted up to 2026.
Community aid must retain its credibility, however. You will recall that Galicia was recently let down when no Community agreement was reached with Morocco.
Next, we must respond to the future: we must get the European Safe Seas Agency up and running - I personally would like it to be based in Portugal - and increase resources for port and coastal inspection. Above all, however, we must go along with the positions of Commissioner de Palacio.
We should be aware, however, that this disaster could be repeated any day, Commissioner, because for years it has been the same old story.
There is, however, a debate which, although not quite as urgent, is nonetheless of the utmost importance: that of responsibility.
We must, however, go beyond looking for someone to blame.
In any case, we will not go there while the current situation persists. We do hope, however, that this will be possible at a later stage.
Now that the negotiations are only to be resumed in January, the international pressure upon the warring parties to reach a definitive peace settlement definitely must not be relaxed, however, and certainly not now that a solution appears to be in sight to a conflict that has already lasted for 19 years.
In the north we are dealing with a problematic regime, which is however displaying clear reformist tendencies, and which is supported by Egypt.
I would, however, like to emphasise that the implementation of the measures laid down in the national strategy document is subject to progress in political dialogue.
This minority has however lived peacefully alongside the Muslim majority for decades.
It has, however, become clear in the demonstrations that the demonstrators are not only concerned about Dr Aghajari, but that they want more democracy altogether.
Iranian society is, however, one step ahead of the conservative judiciary and clerics.
This sort of information is not, however, sufficient for administrative measures aimed at efficiency, and that is, as it has been emphasising for years, what the Court of Auditors is concerned about, and it is also a matter for concern for the Commission.
Without doubt, the most serious point in this annual report is, however, the general criticism of the reliability of the EU's accounting system and of its financial management.
The Commission acknowledges most of the defects that the Court of Auditors points out. It never ceases to amaze me, however, that the Commission did not take action back in 2001, on the basis of the draft action plan which was submitted in that very year with a view to responding to some of the most pressing problems.
I wish to hold the Commission to this promise, and I welcome the action plan. I also hope, however, that the plan will get straight down to addressing the areas requiring immediate action, especially given that the Committee on Budgetary Control is to focus on just this accounting system in connection with the discharge for 2001.
The way the report has been set out has improved a little bit; however, I think the document itself is still largely impenetrable.
It is no secret that the final negotiations will not be easy. Given the right willingness to compromise on the part of both present and future Member States, however, I am convinced that we shall achieve a successful result.
It is not the Presidency, however, that is standing in the way of a different, earlier, date.
Some Member States have expressed reservations regarding the substance of the offer to the candidate countries. We, however, do not share their view.
There are times in history when narrow sectoral interests, however legitimate, must give way before the general interest.
We are not talking only about Turkey, however, when we agree, absolutely and 100%, that it would breach our own requirements and be in contravention of them, if we were now to throw overboard what we have defined as conditions for the commencement of negotiations.
A date for a date, however, would be the right thing to do.
There are a couple of things, however, that have disappointed me about the Danish Presidency.
I will, however, specify the points which we consider to be essential.
We now have, however, a candidate country which is first in line to become a member of the European Union, namely Cyprus.
We shall not forget the prospect of Turkey, however, neither shall we forget Bulgaria and Romania.
I must, however, advise against suggestions that we should discuss whether we can add another couple of billions to the amount set out in the ten packages.
There is the structural question, however, which some Members of this House have quite rightly raised, that is: are our rules really designed to allow new members, who are poorer than the European Union's present average, to gain from their membership in the first few years?
It is also true, however, that it repeatedly has to be pointed out by both sides that the European Union is not a cash dispenser.
The problem is, however, that we did not have that option.
We went along with it, however, in the interests of a common statute, and what was the outcome?
That does not however apply to taxation arrangements.
I would, however, like to say a word about the Prestige disaster, ladies and gentlemen.
Parliament, however, gave its opinion on this recovery plan on 13 June this year.
That cannot, however, mean, ladies and gentlemen, postponing the necessary measures again.
In their place, however, Canadian fishermen are finding huge stocks of snow crab and shrimps, which are netting them around four times the dollar income that the cod used to earn.
The sums forecast for implementing the reform, however, are fairly modest, and include, in Chapter B-II 90, 'Support measures for the Common Fisheries Policy': EUR 1 million to create a joint inspection structure, EUR 100 000 to create four regional advisory councils and EUR 1 million to improve scientific advice.
I would like to ask the Commission to clarify one point with regard to improving scientific advice. The framework Regulation stipulates the sum of EUR 4 million; the Commission, however, in the preliminary draft budget, states that only EUR 1 million, held in reserve, will be allocated to this action.
As this is not clear, however, my question to the Commission is this: is the EUR four million increase - three plus one - allocated to improving scientific advice, as stipulated in the framework Regulation, or on the contrary, will this action benefit solely from the EUR one million held in reserve?
In the short term, however, we also need measures such as those that I have just mentioned.
CFP reform would not require the use of funds; it would, however, affect access, but the FIFG was not specific, and certainly not across the board as the Commission claims.
Under no circumstances, however, can we accept a continuation of the present situation, in which the European fishing fleet is becoming larger and larger at the taxpayer's expense.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the reports we are currently discussing are well structured, contain useful explanatory statements, put forward good arguments and, as Mrs Figueiredo said, are broadly to be welcomed. I do, however, have some observations to make.
This fact does not appear anywhere, however; it does appear in the Commission document, but Parliament has rejected it.
Sweden has decided, however, that a unilateral fishing ban on cod will apply, for we are living by the precautionary principle.
I genuinely fail to understand, however, why it is that we cannot succeed in coming to an agreement.
In my view, however, it is not because the money is public money that fish are disappearing!
An old boat, however, is a dangerous boat.
Above all, however, most of them were modernised some months or not long before, in other words destabilised and made heavier, because fishermen have no other choice.
We must not, however, use the subsidies for renewing and converting the fishing fleet.
Amendments Nos 19 and 50 do not pose any substantive problems; however, the precautionary principle already takes account of environmental considerations per se and I therefore feel that these amendments are superfluous.
It also means, however, if the scientific data are not misleading, that Angola has considerable opportunities for fishing and that Angolan waters contain a wealth of fish.
We had a fair degree of overlap in the past; on occasions, however, we also had contradictory approaches to the two strategies.
We are agreed, however, that the concept must be expanded.
There are, however, a number of other provisions that are to be avoided.
I should just like to emphasise that, however pleasing it is on paper, this directive needs to be applied in practice.
This proposal for a directive is however based on thorough practical knowledge of experts active in the field.
What is forgotten, however, is that what this directive is offering in the end is only a minimum.
Mrs Sörensen's proposal improves the directive which can, however, be made better still.
Mrs Sörensen however immediately puts her finger on the weak point in the Commission's proposal.
This term does not fit the bill either however because what happens then to the physical harm the Commission is talking about?
We cannot, however, support the proposals that eliminate the granting of social benefits such as access to the labour market, to vocational training and to education.
The Council, or a group of Member States, may, however, ask the Secretary to present suitable proposals to the Council to achieve common objectives.
This 'innovation', however, serves as a pretext in all areas to increase the powers of the body, previously considered to be the sole guardian of Europe's general interest.
We can also vote for democracy, however, for a Europe that its citizens can understand - in other words, the Community method, in which the Commission is the elected European government and the premier is chosen by Parliament, the direct representatives of European citizens.
I have a question to ask, however. I understand that you are in a negotiating position, but it seems to me that, when we speak of preserving the Community method, and this is obviously what the Commission desires, this method is based on the role of the three points of a triangle, with a necessary balance.
I would, however, urge you, Mr President, to let this House decide.
The new Rule, however, leaves no option but to abstain on certain reports.
The only 'economic policy' that the European Union and its Member States know, however, consists of constantly favouring the interests of businesses and their owners.
It appears however, according to professionals and scientists, that only certain species need to be protected.
We cannot, however, hide our heads in the sand.
This balance, however, must be based on a fair assessment of all the elements involved.
At the committee stage, however, the vote went in favour of an amendment by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market which blocks such access for the holders of this residence permit.
What the new Member States need, however, is solidarity, democracy and public services.
The time has come, however, to pursue integration without losing our national identity. The time has come to accept globalisation and competitiveness on the basis that our diversity is our strength.
After 30 years of structural change, however, we have been unable to engage, we have been unable to connect structural change with a new period of sustained economic growth that generates jobs worthy of employees, that generates income and that increases internal consumption and consequently improves the quality of life of the people.
I cannot, however, turn a blind eye to what I am seeing and hearing.
If I am, however, I make no apologies.
We are sad to see a possible chain reaction in the region and, however responsible we are in handling economic policy, nothing can shield us from the chain reaction due to which the region is once again swinging between new authoritarian regimes with different faces.
What, however, is good about not having inflation?
I was not elected to govern on behalf of my party, however, I was elected to govern on behalf of all Peruvians and I have firmly decided not to adopt government decisions with the next elections in mind.
This mission has not been able to take place, however, due to the fact that neither of Parliament's two main groups, the PPE-DE Group and the PSE Group, was able to provide two MEPs.
I want you to know however that, among those Cubans who are not allowed to leave the country, are dozens of people who, after having put their names to the Varela Project calling for a referendum, have been expelled from their universities, imprisoned, harassed, maltreated and arrested.
Let us call all of these laws, however, because they are laws.
I cannot say the same for all his proposals, however, so I will focus on those which we feel to be most problematic.
On reading the description provided however, one realises that this is what, in his speeches and in his draft constitution, President Prodi calls supranational democracy.
This does, however, pertain to the constitutional bloc; as far as the other blocs are concerned, we naturally endorse the view that these should be simplified.
There is a point on which your report is absolutely essential in relation to the powers of the European Union, however; that is the question of the consequences of codecision on comitology.
I would not, however, want any unfounded accusations to be made.
My proposal, however, does not discriminate in any way against small or medium-sized States.
With regard to Community competence to implement European legislation, however, we, like you, would like this to be clearly awarded to the Commission and monitored equally by Parliament and the Council, in other words by the two arms of the legislative and budgetary authority.
It is to be hoped that SIS-II will be developed by 2006. Given the danger of this development taking longer than planned, however, I think it is acceptable and appropriate for us to be making some improvements - at least those that are possible at this stage - to the SIS in force.
In this regard, we particularly appreciate the opinion of the Joint Supervisory Authority on these draft initiatives, with which we largely agree, including the reference to the fact that extended access must be granted to the authorities responsible for issuing residence permits, to the data of Article 100 of the security information system where identity documents are concerned; safeguards must be in place, however, to ensure that such access will not infringe the rights of citizens whose identity documents have been stolen.
The adoption of Amendments Nos 2 and 3 tabled by the rapporteur and other Members of Parliament would, however, result in the third option, which is the most restrictive one.
Compliance with the precautionary principle, however, does not mean preventing any technological progress in the field of processing foods.
I would, however, like to tell Mrs Breyer that I have not been subject to any pressure.
Today, however, it would be more effective and more logical if we concentrated on our legislative work.
Having said that, I would, however, also insist that there is no reason whatsoever in modern Europe for irradiating anything other than, specifically, spices.
The irradiation of food does, however, result in new substances being formed, as is also the case when food is cooked.
I do, however, still have a comment on labelling.
I took the view, however, that Socrates and 'Youth for Europe', being topics of overall relevance to many areas of European policymaking, have to be presented to a broader public, as this public has had various grumbles and complaints about the way they have been managed.
The Commission has, however, made proposals within the framework of the hygiene package to withdraw exemptions from the strict animal health conditions and control procedures for imports.
The Commission takes the view that emergency vaccination should, however, be moved to the forefront of the response mechanism in the event of future outbreaks.
I should recall, however, that the Commission is bound to act on the basis of Council Decision 90/424.
This, however, was not the specific aim of our committee or the reason why it had been set up.
In this context, however, the Commission had assumed statutory responsibility for dictating the nature of planning undertaken by Member States - the so-called contingency planning.
On this point, however, I regret the fact that the Commission did not make bolder proposals.
That does not, however, necessarily include ongoing prophylactic vaccination, to which I wish to express my opposition.
Although this Danish initiative seeks to establish a system of information-sharing between the Member States on disqualifications issued against an individual in a criminal judgment, it does not, however, provide for any type of mutual recognition of sentencing for the purposes of its implementation.
These positive comments, however, are simply ways of improving programmes which, as we have stressed time and again, have been designed for purposes which bear no relation to their lofty titles.
The chaos he criticises is not just in the texts, however, but also in reality.
As with any exercise of this kind, institutional mimicry does, however, have its limits.
International trade, however, is also a factor that should be taken into account.
No control on imported products, however, could ever be as comprehensive, precise and rigorous as those applied by Member States and professional bodies themselves.
I am certain that my fellow MEP, Mr Stenmarck, will talk more about this as it relates to the budgets for Parliament and the other institutions. Enlargement has, however, also made its mark on other areas.
It will, however, be historic because it is the last budget with the old budgetary terminology.
The most difficult situation, relatively speaking, however, is in the area of pre-accession aid, where EUR 8.5 billion in outstanding commitments has accrued in three years, with just under EUR 2 billion being paid out in actual aid.
We are, however, critical of the fact that the ball has been set rolling for the EU budget to be used to finance the common foreign and security policy.
The issue becomes even more clear and urgent, however, if we consider the fact that the volume of payment expenditure being proposed for adoption represents an increase in 2003 of only 1.9%, in other words, lower than the expected level of inflation, which will lead to a real reduction in the payments budget.
The final consensus, however, for which we have so much to thank the Danish Presidency, which was so willing to hold discussions, does not hide the fact that there are still thorns in the sides of Parliament.
Is not, however, attention being drawn to the Swedish model, also endorsed by Poland and Latvia, as a way of ensuring future sustainability?
Experience shows, however, that the future system must be a fully integrated system for bookkeeping purposes.
So far as complete integration allows, however, account should also be taken of the services' different requirements and respective management tasks, which are also subject to different requirements for the various sections of the European budget.
I consider, however, that the European Commission should speed up its work to take practical measures with a view to preventing these matters from being resolved through the courts.
The different rules in the Member States have meant, however, that we have not been able to decide that unremunerated donation should apply in all the Member States from day one.
I must also, however, refer to the sickening trafficking that takes place in countries where people have no other means of survival but to sell blood or other organs.
According to my information, however, experts say that this product was banned for good in Regulation 2377/90.
It should, however, be pointed out that decabromodiphenyl ether, which is mainly used in insulating products, in construction and textiles, is a particularly effective, fire-resistant flame retardant.
Unlike Mrs Schörling, however, I believe that the outcome, whereby the result of the conciliation is being adopted, is, in spite of everything, a clear improvement upon the current situation.
We have made labelling compulsory so that the costs can also be assigned and resources will be available for recycling, however the Member States do it - and we are more than willing to leave that to subsidiarity.
I do, however, believe it would be an incentive to bring about real sustainability in this area.
Ten tonnes of lead in one place are absolutely harmless. The same amount in small pieces all over the place, however, is a problem.
The second reason is perhaps more important, however, and strikes a very positive note.
The fact that we in this House achieved a compromise between the various groups as early as the first reading and held our ground up to the night-time session with its accompanying noisy exchanges contributed, however, to our success and, for that, I should like especially to thank Mr Florenz most sincerely.
I would, however, also ask the Commission to strictly control and enforce this individual financing later.
I believe, however, that in this case the worst was able to be prevented.
I should like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for this constructive cooperation. Above all, however, I wish to express my thanks for the unqualified support of Parliament for the implementation of the Danish Presidency's greatest task: concluding the negotiations with ten new Member States.
I am not overstating the case, however, when I say that the Copenhagen European Summit is a landmark in European integration.
The moment of truth, however, in the coming year will be institutional reform.
In the current discussions in the Convention, however, where the issue is what we might replace the six-month presidency with, we must be very careful in bearing in mind that the arguments in favour of any change would have to be very good ones, as your presidency is proof - as others have been - that, when a country has the presidency, what it has to contribute is not only ambition, but also commitment to Europe.
Mr Prodi and Mr Verheugen, I would also, however, like to say a word of heartfelt thanks to the Commission.
We have to tell the Russians that, however friendly we are - and we are very close - certain things will not do!
There is no need for me to do so, however, since they have congratulated themselves enough, given themselves a celebratory pat on the back, which, in my view, did seem a little excessive.
The fact remains, however, that this scar, this wound, on Europe's body has now healed.
I should also like to say that it was impressive that the Kaliningrad problem was solved in the difficult circumstances that prevailed at the very time this took place. This, however, was another demonstration of our will, unity and cooperation playing the role that was needed to put this, too, in place.
This, however, is of course a little, humble wish for the future on the part of my country.
Have you not, however, really underestimated the costs involved?
Not all of the problems were resolved, however, although they were properly worked through.
It was, however, a prudent decision that was taken on Turkey last week in the European Council.
I do wonder, however, to what extent the financial arrangements are scuppering the political debate, specifically the arrangements with Poland and especially those relating to agricultural reforms.
I do not, however, want to forget either the enormous contribution made by Commissioner Verheugen in the negotiations that led to the success of enlargement.
Perseverance, however, was rewarded with success, and I think Parliament should acknowledge that across the parties.
The EU, however, must not sit on its hands.
If we are more specific, however, this will give Turkey a chance - not by exerting pressure but by demonstrating that European values and standards are normative, in Turkey as elsewhere.
With the pre-programmed decision to welcome Turkey, however, it has also decided to put an end to this era and perhaps to the Union itself.
It is our belief, however, that we should welcome our new partners in a particularly splendid way, and there is in my view no better way to do this than on the Acropolis, so that we celebrate the unity of Europe right there on the Acropolis.
At this time, we should, however, also make some critical observations.
The discussion in which we are engaged has, however, moved on to include Turkey and other countries.
This timetable is very important, however, for the success of the reform and for the European Parliament.
Not all of the Commissioners have realised, however, that when this House delegates and cedes the power to make laws, we can, of course, do so only on certain conditions and in conjunction with a right of recall.
We must not, however, forget that a solution to the problem still needs to be found and that Copenhagen was unable to find one because the Turkish and Turkish-Cypriot leaders refused to focus on a solution.
However, I would point out that the solution to the Cyprus problem, however badly needed, must keep the fundamental principles of the Treaties of the European Union intact.
So far, however, there has been no single instrument to record, transmit and evaluate labour costs, which constitute the most significant factor in price stability.
Our esteemed colleague could not, however, restrain himself from pointing out in his Critical Appraisal that he does not share the Commission's, and the Council's, viewpoint that labour costs are one of the largest sources of inflation.
We condemn the over-scrupulous nature of the text, however, and particularly the lengthy timeframe given to manufacturers to apply this directive.
Unfortunately it has happened again, however, and thus maritime safety and the prevention of oil slick disasters is back on the agenda.
Although this must be our immediate concern, however, we also need to act immediately, urgently, to prevent any more disasters of this kind.
This ecological, social and human disaster, however, requires us to mobilise all the financial means available to the European Union and also the recently created Solidarity Fund.
Here in Parliament we must do what a parliament must do, however, which is to make rules and reinforce existing rules.
It is good in the sense that we will adopt firmer, more rigorous and tougher measures for the future; it is bad, however, if we undertake, or plan to undertake an investigation of crisis management in a highly emotional state or in one of biased shock.
This does not, however, detract from the need to improve the general conditions for transporting oil by sea.
It is, however, in everyone's interest that we establish double-hull transportation capacity so as to avoid a shortage of supply.
If it does happen again, however, we clearly cannot act as we have done here.
As we all know, however, they may not be enough.
We must also go further, however, as my group has proposed in the proposal to which I have added my name: banning flags of convenience and the transport of oil products and other dangerous materials in single-hull tankers, establishing shipping lanes that are further from the coast and stepping up inspections are crucial measures for preventing further tragedies.
A committee of enquiry, however, will not help, as we already have a legislative package and a committee would be a waste of our time.
Unfortunately, however, we do not have an emergency response team, and we do not have a professional approach.
We must, however, stop simply passing the buck.
We are going to ask for more European means to achieve better coordination and civil protection; however, Mr President, seeking to use the tragedy for electoral gain, as some politicians are doing, is simply repulsive.
I am, however, also of the opinion that they are still inadequate.
What we need to do now, however, is to talk more about the future and this is why I would like to address four issues.
There is also, however, the liability for environmental damage, of course.
The crucial thing, however, is that the right places be inspected and that they be inspected in the right way.
It goes without saying, however, that these should include other aspects than just the return clauses.
There is, however, currently no sign of an actual common asylum and migration policy, and that is not the Commission's fault - no, it is the Council's fault.
After the Tampere Summit in October 1999, however, the Commission approached the task with a positive outlook.
One cannot rule out forced repatriation, however; if we were to rule that out, we might as well pack up and forget all about an asylum policy, including a common asylum policy.
As you mentioned, however, it is about the fact that French authorities have removed a sign in the Basque language which points the way to a railway station.
The Presidency also concluded, however, that the Council would do its utmost to reach such an agreement in good time before the European Council's spring summit in 2003.
That solution will, on the other hand, be less ambitious than some might have wished. I believe, however, that it will be viable and also be able to survive an Intergovernmental Conference.
There is, however, a division of labour and I think we should keep it as long as this is the wish of Kofi Annan.
All the information - both military and technical - that we have at our disposal, however, points to the fact that, in any case, a very dense metal was used, either uranium or tungsten.
For me, however, it all keeps coming back to the importance of asking what we mean by fair play, which is inseparable from sport.
In view of its enormous impact, however, sport is also often approached negatively with feelings of chauvinism, racism and violence, and it unfortunately also gets negative publicity as a result of violence, corruption or hooliganism.
That said, however, I welcome the Council's recognition of the will of Parliament on this issue.
I too believe that we cannot wait for a Green Paper to be drawn up in a few months' time to address this issue, however useful a Green Paper might be.
It does, however, strike me as incomprehensible that the final conclusions and specific initiatives associated with it are to appear as long as six months later.
There are, however, still certain differences of opinion regarding the classification of the expenditure in the budget, on which the Council reserves its rights.
The Council is, however, able to accept the budget as it emerges from Parliament's second reading.
As the text has been rejected, however, there is no point in discussing it any further.
Enlargement in the form that you are undertaking it, however, simply enshrines the hegemony of the major capitals of Western Europe over the poorest and least developed countries.
The Commission must also, however, undertake and provide us with a detailed and rigorous study of the entire Prestige crisis, including the way in which it was managed in practical terms.
These floating dumps, however, are treated with a reprehensible tolerance by some shipping companies and some flag States, not least Turkey, which heads the blacklist.
What oil slicks also demonstrate, however, is the complete surrender of their sovereign role by flag States who do not ensure that their ships comply with maritime law.
Unfortunately, however, the European Commission report is also unsatisfactory.
This type of farming cannot exist, however, without people, hence the need to preserve these mountain areas from desertification and to do everything possible to maintain a human presence there.
You also emphasised, however, the need to define mountain areas and not to forget hilly areas, because these play a crucial buffer role between mountains and lowland areas.
In certain mountain ranges, however, pastoralism is being put at risk by the reintroduction of predatory species, and the poor management of their populations.
Article 23 of the Basic Law, however, is a potential time bomb under all of this.
This is more than just a question of preserving old buildings however: the Old Cities are inhabited by women, men and children, like those in the refugee camps in Jenin and Rafah who have no roof over their heads.
It may seem derisory or even distressing at first sight for Parliament to issue another resolution on this subject, this time to protect stones, however loaded with history they may be, while human lives continue to be sacrificed every day in the infernal spiral of violence and fear, blood and vengeance that has been unleashed in this land that is so dear to so many of us.
The Commission cannot, however, see how the measures planned would increase security in Hebron; if anything, these measures will serve to exacerbate the situation, which is already extremely tense.
Perhaps there is, however, a very small light at the end of the tunnel inasmuch as a cautious dialogue has been instituted between Beijing and representatives of the Dalaï Lama.
I only wish that it did. I do not, however, believe that that is the case.
It is also a so-called autonomous region in China, however meaningless this autonomy is in practice.
However necessary the war on terrorism may be, and however much we may all support it, it cannot be waged without respect for the law and for human rights.
Selection procedures for recruitment and admission to higher education should, however, ensure gender neutrality as far as possible.
We will, however, take note of your comments.
We have learnt something, however, since the agenda was drawn up.
The American Government, however, has admitted that the United Kingdom took part in aerial attacks in Al Qasidi, Al Kut, Al Basrah, ?
The existing arrangements, however, will stay in place until that change is actually made.
The most worrying thing of all, however, Mr President, is that a Member of this House, Mr Borghezio, a member of the Lega Nord, not only justified the act but said that he was in favour of this kind of behaviour.
What he failed to do, however, was to make a proper distinction between reproductive cloning and therapeutic cloning.
The same cannot be said, however, for therapeutic cloning.
We must, however, take care to preserve the uniform, and therefore equal or fair, application of European law.
Regions with legislative powers, however, which have their own responsibilities, are facing difficulties that we do not want to ignore.
I do not, however, share Mr Napolitano's perspective which, at heart, appears to be in some way trying to reduce or even do away with the importance of the national political democracies.
Of course, every Member State can determine for itself how its own constitutional system should be organised, however, and that naturally means that decentralisation in one country is organised differently from decentralisation in another.
Even if all the regions were constitutional, however, the need to design a European institutional architecture which has room for all of them, in which they all have their place under the European sun, would be all the greater.
This little trick, however, is rather too transparent.
We must, however, take an honest look at ourselves as well.
We must also be willing, however, to regard serious human rights violations in one or more Member States as a European matter and to ask ourselves what the European Union as such can contribute towards improving the situation.
At the same time, however, a pragmatic and effective assessment must be made of the quality of protection of fundamental rights.
There are three points therefore: drawing up a procedure, which I shall come back to; establishing resources, either parliamentary resources or external resources which could help us, without replacing us, however, which would be available to the network of experts; and the call for joint action, in other words, in fact, to work with the three rapporteurs, namely those from the year underway, the previous year and the following year, so that a consensus might be established, provided that this work concerns facts and is therefore not, a priori, too controversial.
There is perhaps, however, cause to stand up and ask ourselves whether the end always justifies the means.
In the light of the situation the world is in, however, this statement is a long way from reality.
Any layperson can, however, see that the violations of human rights that take place here and also the human rights themselves that have been violated are of a different order from those taking place elsewhere.
How can we speak of fundamental rights, however, when the right to employment and the right to a decent salary are not guaranteed because decision belongs to a moneyed minority who have the majestic power to close their businesses and plunge their employees into poverty?
For the most impoverished, however, and even for the working-class majority of the population, these are hollow words.
There has been such a right in existence in Finland, however, since 1931.
The good thing about the report, however, is that it identifies a whole series of infringements, such as the torture of prisoners, trafficking in human beings and the suppression of rights in Genoa.
Neither the situation on the ground nor the report, however, are of any benefit to the European Union and improvements will only come about if the grass-roots movement steps up its fight.
Whilst containing aspects that deserve our support, such as the issues of terrorism, trafficking in human beings and human rights and the highly topical problem of achieving the necessary balance between security and human rights, the report we have been presented with this year , however, gives way in some points to demagogy and generally shies away from the rigorous principles which a resolution adopted by the European Parliament should uphold.
We must not, however, shy away from this.
There are, however, positive new things in the report worth mentioning.
The report does, however, fall short when it comes to the severity of the treatment, and could thus become a millstone in the struggle for the communitisation of the third pillar.
Secondly, however, by also establishing a code of good practice for establishing common standards.
It is, however, clear that in a European market such as this, where more players are entering the arena, there must be proper safety arrangements.
With regard to the operational side of things, however, I think that the safety bodies must be able to make use of the existing railway companies' know-how, knowledge and experience.
I do not however see why and how it should be deemed necessary to undertake the development of the rail network and opening it up to competition at the same time.
The harmonisation of safety standards should, however, take account of the real situation of the sector, especially as regards implementation time.
We must get away from the 15 different systems I mentioned earlier; however, we must ensure that Member States have an input, and in those areas where higher standards exist we must insist that they are maintained.
Development of the railways, however, was far too late in getting started.
Our group believes, however, that the same principle should be followed regarding the composition of the Agency's administrative board as that which applies to the Maritime Safety Agency.
That there is a problem is, however, demonstrated by the poor rail connection between Brussels and Strasbourg I got a taste of yesterday.
During this time, however, the volume of goods requiring transportation has increased considerably and people are travelling ever more frequently.
I do not think, however, that the proposals presented in the reports of our fellow Members, which the Commission supports, address the situation appropriately.
It is quite clear, however, that the committee is concerned by certain delays in the Council and has made this clear in more or less formal terms.
The market and safety issues are however clearly incompatible.
We think, however, that we will have to take a good look at what this liberalisation of passenger transport is going to deliver, because it is not going well.
I have many more reservations however about international rail passenger services.
In principle, however, the PPE-DE Group is in favour of amendment.
This will, however, do nothing to change the fact that in the future road transport will continue to be one of the major players in transport as a whole.
We should not become accustomed to them, however, because there are - as the statistics show - two main causes of accidents on our roads.
There is, however, something wrong with the way in which Member States interpret and apply the regulation.
I would, however, particularly like to focus attention on a couple of amendments which we are in favour of.
The question remains, however: what possessed the Commission to come up with such poor legislation in the first place?
I also know, however, that cooperation often depends on personal input and sympathies and therefore still takes place on a relatively informal basis.
I do not however consider this to be a purely linguistic or philosophical issue. It is an issue of crucial importance.
Barring these companies, however, is only part of the solution.
The report before us describes a package for the liberalisation of railway services, which is intended to take place by 2008. In this respect, however, it is important to learn from the British experience over recent years, which indicates that the public authorities need to carry on supervising and checking compliance with rail safety regulations, particularly as regards infrastructure maintenance.
The measures relating to interoperability are however contained in a rail package which propounds extending competition to the rail transport sector and opening it up to privatisation.
The report stresses long-term profitability and is expresses concern about a reduction in the competitiveness of rail transport. It does not however take a clear stand against privatisation and competition or against the consequent dismantling of a public service.
It is sickening, however, that a text entitled 'social legislation' would allow drivers to work 56-hour weeks.
Furthermore, the laws that provide protection, however minimal, for workers must not remain a dead letter, as is often the case, but must be made mandatory for employers.
The rapporteur, however, has also succeeded in introducing amendments which I consider to be crucial.
The Markov report, however, does not go far enough with regard to weekly driving time and the possibility of dividing breaks.
It has only, however, ironed out the most obvious problems.
We would point out, however, that the content of the amendments must not be included in a possible future European constitution but be included in a future treaty.
The Napolitano report, however, still contains some very positive aspects and I have therefore decided to vote in favour of it tomorrow.
What I find entirely unacceptable, however, is that, in a way, he prevented me from speaking on all the other matters on which the Rules of Procedure allowed me to speak.
If the European Union is to succeed, however, for its current citizens and its new ones, it will need reform.
I would, however, say that the Greeks are well acquainted with what we in the rest of Europe understand by the word 'marathon'.
Today, however, all those who said 'yes' to intervention in these two cases must say 'no' to pointless intervention.
Where do the responsibilities lie, however, in environmental terms?
In that case, however, both Turkey and Greece need to approach the problem of Greek and Turkish nationalism.
To give this country a prospect of acceding to the European Union is, however, complete madness.
Unfortunately, however, we cannot cure all the ills of the world even though we might want to.
Things have, however, gone the opposite way. The United States of America has rushed off even further into the distance.
Their beneficial results, however, may be delayed if we have to deal with war with Iraq.
At Union level, however, as I have already said several times to my fellow Members here in Parliament, we should not accept what strongly resembles a decision to forge ahead without having considered it further.
We cannot, however, see anything: there is no such summary!
The Commission would point out however that the report by the Council of Europe which the honourable Member refers to was followed by a detailed response by the Greek authorities, which in the current situation is providing a series of responses to the concerns expressed by the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture.
Should we not, however, be aiming for a 'both/and' approach?
I understand, however, the point made by the Member.
We know, however, that these regulations exist at national level, as well as at European level, and fragmented infrastructures and rules predominated until recently.
I would, however, like to emphasise that a solution must be transparent and controllable. That is in the interests of confidence in the financial markets.
Employment of nursing staff has already increased by more than twice the average in the last five years: a level of employment which, however, is still not enough to meet the demand.
In order to ensure care for all, however, the European Union Member States need to take steps to raise young people's awareness of paramedical professions.
Cooperation will develop via the internal market, as a result of that internal market and through other cooperation, such as cooperation on research. As for a common EU policy on residential homes, however, my response is no thank you.
Beyond that, however, how can we talk about the future of health and care for the elderly without raising the problem of pensions?
The first step in prevention, however, is guaranteeing acceptable living conditions for pensioners.
Both the Afghan Transitional Administration and the international community, however, still have a great many challenges to meet between now and then.
I also became aware, however, of the persistent threat posed by fundamentalist terrorists, who had just taken dozens of innocent lives by setting off a bomb in a market at the heart of the busiest quarter of Kabul.
The passage of time does not, however, help democratic forces: Commissioner Patten also said this, just as he said we are arriving late; perhaps we could have done more in 1980.
I do, however, think that the time has come to do more than just acknowledge that the position of women has deteriorated over the past year.
The question arises, however, of to what extent both the military victors and the present government have the authority to achieve real stability and get reconstruction underway.
Some people maintain that they took part in the massacre. There is much, however, to suggest that they were present.
It is also true, however - and the last Bonn Conference showed this to some degree - that the most committed donor countries are asking the Karzai Government to show more determination.
Lastly - a final word on women's rights - I would like to refer here, to the European Parliament, to the appeal which the Minister, Mrs Sarabi, made to us: each donor country has chosen a specific area of intervention; however, no one has chosen the specific issue of women's rights.
Let me point out, however, that many other important aspects are included.
It is, however, important to criticise those who deserve criticism.
There were a number of Member States and also parts of industry that did everything to block decent rules concerning animal experiments. Thanks to Mrs Roth-Behrendt's and others' stubbornness, however, acceptable results were in actual fact achieved in two areas.
The conciliation text is along the right lines, however, so I would once again congratulate you on your worthwhile struggle, Dagmar.
We do not want to put the cosmetics industry in difficulties either, however, since it is an important part of our economy.
Reading the pages of the Swiebel Report, however, it can be inferred that this important commitment to everybody's rights is being transformed into an accusation against some quarters: in particular Italy and those who, in Italy, took the liberty of voting against the rapporteur's wishes.
It is, however, unfortunate that the report does not simply focus upon fundamental rights but also expresses certain political aspirations.
That does not, however, mean that imprisonment and deportation should be excluded as punishments for serious crimes.
On principle, we do not however believe that this is best achieved by developing a common European refugee policy based on the supranational first pillar.
The report's explanatory statement also contains less rigorous information which did not, however, influence my vote, because I do not feel they are important in determining the report's content, since they are not being voted on or published.
Having failed to achieve a unanimous vote, however, it will be buried alongside other pointless reports.
We do not, however, share the rapporteur's absolute conviction that, basically, the only way of bringing about sustained compliance with human rights in the European Union is to introduce the Charter of Fundamental Rights into future treaties.
This report would be sadly mediocre, however, if the scattergun approach that has produced all these recitals had not also produced the request to lift the ban introduced in 1045 on women entering Mount Athos, the Greek orthodox sanctuary for monks.
Aside from this aspect, however, which is in itself unacceptable on principle, the main cause for indignation is the instrumentalisation of the Charter against the Member States.
The narrow margin between votes, however, which meant that my own motion for a resolution was not adopted in plenary (by only 23 votes) and the extremely slim majority (of only five votes) that has just adopted the final resolution, clearly show that the wrong course has been taken.
Since the issue in question is not an EU matter, we European and Christian Democrats were, however, successful in removing item83 (279 votes in favour, 259 against and 9 abstentions), with its invitation to the Member States 'to open up marriage to same-sex couples'.
It would be useful, however, for the Member States that, by virtue of their geographical position, bear significant costs in this regard, which benefit their neighbours in the Union, to receive appropriate technical and financial support from these neighbours.
We must all be aware, however, that we cannot sacrifice the other fundamental rights in order to achieve it.
We are, however, doubtful about the idea of an EU-financed Corps of Border Guards.
This doorman at the external borders, however, is not doing his job.
Essentially, however, and as affirmed in the Commission Communication, it would pose delicate constitutional problems in various Member States.
Secondly, the positive approach of the rapporteur, who continually emphasises that the management of our borders is still a national competence and must be applied at the national level. This must not, however, in light of the experience gained from applying the Schengen acquis, prevent the development of a coordinated policy for the management of current and future external borders, incorporating into this policy the best practices established by the Member States.
In order to create this system, however, we would need to apply restrictive regulatory measures to the Member States, which they refuse to accept.
We are for the enlargement of public services that are of use to the people. We could not care less, however, about the state of mind of financiers facing problems due to the very nature of their own system.
This does not mean, however, that the ongoing need to protect those who are particularly vulnerable or who have serious financial difficulties due to the high cost of treatment should be overlooked.
There is no question, however, of the world powers spending even a fraction of these sums on improving the life of the people.
As always, however, we are content to welcome, request and invite.
As my predecessors on the floor have said, however, there are a number of points to which we are keen to give further attention, such as the issue of the Syrian military presence.
We are, however, conscious of the concerns expressed by the Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee on specific points of the human rights situation in Lebanon.
I am aware, however, of the remaining difficulties which both you, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, and the Commissioner and Mr Brok and Mr Galeote have raised in this debate.
I remain more than sceptical, however, as to the positive effects of creating a free-trade zone.
All the organisations fighting for democracy in this country, however, support the idea of this association agreement.
Other types of problem remain, however, which are today entirely undeniable, especially concerning security and the fight against terrorism, but also concerning the fight against corruption and money-laundering as well as promoting democracy and human rights which, in the particular case of Lebanon, are a cause for concern.
We can only deal, however, with a sovereign State, a peaceful, honest and impartial State.
Our most crucial problem, however, is making Russia an integral part of this work.
It is for that very reason, however, that, while the next Northern Dimension Action Plan is in force over the period 2004-2006, we should work hard to increase political activity in that direction to reassure the Russians that cooperation between us is advantageous to both parties, although it is definitely more important for them than it is for us.
I myself, however, have already had the opportunity to hear this assurance personally.
I now wish in particular, however, to focus the Commissioner's attention on something he has already touched on here, which is how we might be able to get border cooperation to function more efficiently.
A policy that does not withhold criticism, however severe it may be, but one that also sounds out and exploits constructive ideas.
You have also, however, incorporated issues of health, research, infrastructure, energy and the information economy as a whole.
The Russians are selling us more and more gas, because it earns them more money than if they use the gas at home - where, however, they are using coal and atomic power instead.
We must not, however, forget to enter into low-level political relations with Belarus.
The Northern Dimension, however, has to be seen as a dynamic process.
As for the question of creating new organisations, one might - in theory - agree that this would be a useful, necessary exercise; however, it raises a series of institutional and practical implications which the Council would need to consider following an in-depth evaluation.
The Union has, however, made it perfectly clear that it would prefer a united Cyprus to join.
I cannot, however, help but feel that you did not write it yourself.
In the early 1990s it was estimated that this contribution amounted to approximately EUR 40 million. In recent years, however, it has increased to an average annual sum of EUR 300 million.
There are, however, still many countries that are, and will be, outside the EU's internal market.
Mr Lemierre, you have described the Bank's task as being a 'classical' general interest service which, however, makes use of private-sector intervention instruments.
This is a matter for concern, because no economic or financial manoeuvre, however good it may be, could replace the support that small banks have always offered to small and medium-sized enterprises.
The EBRD's actions must not, however, be cannibalised or cancelled out by the tasks determined and defined for the European Investment Bank.
It is, however, abundantly clear that aquaculture is beset by a range of problems. The latter relate for instance to its size, marketing, the environment and health.
We must, however, remain rational in this regard and not make ridiculous demands.
As the rapporteur emphasises, however, its development is conditional upon a number of precautions being taken.
An expansion in aquaculture products can only, however, be envisaged as a supplement to traditional products which, let it not be forgotten, make an active contribution to economic activity in our coastal regions.
It is not, however, the high number of regulations that provide guarantees of effective legal protection in this field, but improved quality in the production of Community legislation and in the definition of measures to be adopted.
Like many dreams, however, this one came to nothing.
The Bambi or Walt Disney syndrome needs to be avoided, however, with its talk of fishes' well-being. Otherwise, a halt will have to be called to opening oysters, on the grounds that it is cruel, or to squeezing lemon on them, on the grounds that it causes them suffering.
This was practised more, however, as a costly and fashionable pastime than as an economic activity.
Only in the latter decades of the twentieth century, however, did we see the rapid expansion of aquaculture, in response to the danger of fish resources being exploited to extinction.
Such changes are not made, however, Mr President, without problems, particularly of an ecological nature, with regard to consumer health protection and even with regard to the well-being of the fish.
A few problems remain, however, especially for small-scale fishing and traditional fishing.
It must be stated, however, that intensive production is not necessarily synonymous with the absence of hygienic conditions.
The quest for profit - most particularly by the multinationals which, as the rapporteur points out, are the subjects of the EBRD's attentions - is, however, at odds with the fate, or the well-being, of a country's population.
We must, however, overcome the crisis of confidence in aquaculture products, promoting food safety measures and modernising production technologies.
I do not however agree with the rapporteur's assessment of the need to revise voting arrangements within the RFOs.
On the question of sanctions and the RFOs, however, we believe more control is required to ensure that fisheries products from vessels flouting international regulations cannot be traded within the European Union.
The Council has retained the possibility of providing financial support through the FIFG for the establishment of such ventures until 2004. Support will only be available however if there is a fisheries agreement in place to lend consistency to the arrangement.
We have, however, regularly expressed our concern on two issues.
The European Union's real policy, however, is not in accordance with this view and nor is fishing in Community waters.
It may well be that intense tones transmitted at low frequency do disturb these creatures. More detailed research is however called for to establish just how seriously the transmissions affect them.
This is a question, however, of what sort of technology we choose and what its price is in ecological terms.
Researchers have said, however, that testing is not safe even in the middle of the Pacific Ocean because no one can be absolutely certain as to what the whales' routes will be.
Satellite pictures provide incontrovertible evidence, however: there really are slave camps for political prisoners.
After visiting that country three times, however, I believe the most aberrant, most monstrous kind of breach of human rights is the fact that, if today North Korea held free, democratic elections as we do, the current leader, Kim Jong-Il, would win them.
As a Dane, I should particularly like, however, to call for the two amendments to be adopted.
Car bomb attacks, indiscriminate murders, kidnappings and other methods of terrorism can in no way be justified for any cause, however legitimate it may seem.
While being clear about the limits of our role, let me however make a number of points.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must also, however, keep reminding ourselves of the logic involved.
We will not, however, achieve this through bombs and blood.
At the same time, however, let us show the world what we are capable of.
Let us take advantage of this situation, however, to contain the problem and avoid making war.
At the same time, however, we must issue a warning about the need to prevent the Iraqis from indulging in time-wasting manoeuvres in order to put off complying with the UN resolutions without good reason and to ensure that the current status quo remains in place.
It must, however, be made clear that this must be kept up to the very end.
It should not, however, be forgotten, when considering this issue, that Saddam Hussein is a mass murderer.
Mr President, no one should be in any doubt that I shall celebrate on the day that Saddam Hussein's regime of terror comes to an end. I do not, however, believe for one moment that a war is the correct solution to the problem.
Later on, however, after 20 days, will there be a different strategy?
What the United States is asking from Saddam Hussein, however, is not to prove his innocence but to provide evidence of his own guilt, that is, to put his own neck in the noose to be hanged or be bombed to smithereens.
Next, and without wishing to be anti-American, I think that the people of Europe vaguely dislike a single government deciding the priorities of the international calendar, however powerful this government considers itself to be.
What is surprising, however, is that we still take them seriously.
For now, however, the observation that we must make following the inspectors' report is that Iraq has not clearly refused to implement resolution 1441.
Until now, however, no proof has been provided, whereas substantial grey areas remain.
If the proof, however, is not yet sufficient, then the United Nations inspection mission must be given the time it requests to try, again, to avoid a war.
You will understand, however, after what I have just said, that we must not in any way give the impression that we are excluding the possibility of military action.
That is, however, the optimum option ahead of any military engagement in the Gulf.
We should not forget that Pinochet and Bin Laden were agents recruited and trained by the CIA, that Israel has never applied a single UN resolution and that fortunately, however, nobody is considering bombing Israel.
The active quest for peace must not, however, Mr President, cause us to forget that we are all committed to safeguarding the values of freedom, tolerance and respect for human dignity, values which suffered attack on September 11.
What I would say, however, is that the democratic changes in central and eastern Europe, where we have found new partners, did not come about by taking sides and engaging in conflicts.
In any event, for my part, I will always be prepared to appear before this Parliament, however many Members are in attendance, in order to try to move forward and overcome the difficulties facing all of us at this historic moment for good or for bad.
Since then, however, progress has not been so evident.
This is not however just an issue between the DPRK and the United States.
A clear condition, however, is that the delegation must be received by Chairman Kim Jong-il.
The timing of such a visit must however be decided only after careful consultation with the partners concerned and when we are certain that our delegation will be received at the highest level.
It must also, however, send a very clear and strong signal to North Korea - which, rather surprisingly, listens carefully to our pronouncements - that it will not tolerate nuclear blackmail in the event of UN sanctions.
I believe, however, that KEDO was ill designed from the start, neither addressing North Korea's immediate energy needs, nor delivering technology adaptable to the country's infrastructure.
There must, however, be two indispensable conditions in our negotiations with North Korea.
At the same time, however, the EU's decision on a resolution cannot be divorced from an assessment of the prospects for progress within the framework of the dialogue.
Europe's abstention in respect of Libya's chairmanship, however diplomatically tactical that was meant to be, is an admission of weakness and creates a lack of clarity with regard to Europe's position.
A meeting is only successful, however, if it is feared by the violators and applauded by the victims.
Other countries too in old and new Europe are, however, guilty of plundering the natural resources of Africa.
I believe, however, that what is necessary is a simplification of regional policy and the bringing about of economic and social cohesion.
We are certainly not arguing for all payments of agricultural subsidies to a specific country to be suspended, however; what we are saying is that if things continuously go wrong in a certain sector, the Commission must be able to stop paying the money into the Member State's account until the situation improves.
The Conciliation Body has not been sufficiently effective either. It has however contributed to the overall improvement in the clearance of accounts.
These include the division of the clearance procedure, the structure and activities of the Conciliation Body and the financial corrections applied. The shortcomings are detailed in a constructive manner however, and solutions are proposed.
I must point out, in conclusion, that it will not, however, be at all easy to harmonise the different national laws with European requirements and directives.
The reason why this reform is more important now than the previous one, however, is that car manufacturers are continually developing engines which are cleaner and which produce fewer emissions.
I think this is a good solution and a good compromise. Whatever your point of view however, although this measure will improve air quality, the production of the new fuels will undoubtedly cause an increase in emissions from refineries.
Several makes of car are currently able to run on mixtures exceeding 5%. There are however, no technical standards relating to vehicles of this type.
The European Union, however, extols the virtues of free trade at world level and forces the developing countries to open their markets.
That being said, we must, however, state that our arrangements so far have been quite inadequate.
That is, however, no reason to close our eyes to the fact that there are still real famines in large parts of the world today, especially in Africa.
At the same time, however, we must help the developing countries to meet the EU's important food safety standards by taking public and plant health measures.
The situation is not normal, however, as consumer prices are artificially high in Europe, and are therefore ruining the world market.
Land - in the sense of a class struggle - is not the whole of the problem, however; we must also ask the following questions: Who can work that land?
It is also true, however, that it was the deep-seated differences between the European Union and the developing countries, especially in the trade and finance dossier, that prevented more far-reaching results from being achieved.
They have one thing in common, however. They first and foremost affect the poor people of the world.
Faced with this legislative regulation, however, its attitude changed.
I am afraid, however, that the situation is still alarming and there is no time to lose: we still can and must do much more.
This catalogue of disasters is not only the sum of millions of human tragedies, however, but it is something that affects whole societies.
AIDS can be avoided, however, and that is worth every effort.
Two of the provisions, however, are not acceptable as they stand.
Although it seems logical for these measures to be coordinated with those planned in the fields of sexual and reproductive health, however, there should be no question of endorsing changes in direction and of imposing, in particular, abortion as a strict boundary for development aid. We should also seek to make people take responsibility by pointing out, among other things, the need to respect life and the human being, whatever its stage of development or state of health.
If it has any effect, however, particularly the effect of being celebrated in Baghdad and of weakening international political pressure on Saddam Hussein, this vote might have brought us closer to war.
Foreign and domestic plunderers cannot, however, do this without the active cooperation and the culpability of big companies that are respectable over here but guilty over there without our doing anything about it.
That did not mean that we voted in favour, however, because in reality the report does not stand up against the exploitation of the Congo, but solely against the exploitation that it describes as illegal.
It is, however, a matter of concern that the Rules of Procedure be strictly applied.
I think that Parliament should intervene, however, rather because what is at stake here is democracy, the consolidation of democracy in Cambodia.
It was thought that the legal system would not be able to bring his murderers to justice. The legal system did work, however, and his murderers were convicted, with stiff sentences.
These two events, however, have many things in common.
The challenge, however, which we feel to be particularly important for our institution and the European Union is the Cancún conference and reform of the international financial institutions.
It was not so hard to understand, however: Lula explained to the audience of politicians, businessmen and experts gathered at Davos, and I quote 'that his war was different; it was the fight against hunger and poverty, for access to better education, against diseases and epidemics such as AIDS, not the war against Iraq or to call for higher rates of growth at the expense of unemployment and of greater poverty'.
It seems to me, however, that in Cancun, Commissioner, you should help us to defend our idea of globalisation.
The main question remains, however: how will we in the European Union, in the Commission, receive these proposals?
On the contrary, however, some proposals create discrimination between first-class countries with a production capacity and second-class countries with no production capacity, which are, in fact, the poorest countries.
I do not however wish to revisit these issues today, nor do I wish to delve into the issue raised by a number of countries, namely whether the right to health should take precedence over the right to patent.
In accordance with the principle of equal access to medicines and therefore to health, I would urge the European Union to use all its influence to support these authorisations. At the same time, the Union should however ensure that a specific framework is created and that the process is completely transparent.
On the contrary, we know that they are just as effective as other medicines. Making such products available, however, could only be one aspect of curing disease and fighting the epidemics we are trying to curb.
I would, however, like to put forward one criticism, although I agree with all the things that have been said here.
For the first time, however, there is hope that people - even those who are HIV positive - can in fact improve their lives and the quality of their lives if they have access to medicines.
The failure of Doha does, however, make us pessimistic.
I am however concerned about the declaration of the Council for TRIPS. It means going back on the undertakings we gave at Doha.
In December 2002 however, opposition to the agreement, for which the United States was entirely responsible, clearly demonstrated that the interests of the pharmaceutical industry took precedence over the health of millions of people.
On that occasion we did not however settle the issue of countries which have to resort to imports. This implies that the system of compulsory licensing could be applied across international boundaries, giving rise to complicated legal problems.
There will still be much to be done, even after the difficulties relating to patent law have been overcome, which I trust will be soon. This is not however a reason for giving up on our determined efforts to ensure that this first, important and highly symbolic step is taken with the help of the European Union.
We are pleased the Council of Ministers recently approved the Union's negotiating position. It was unfortunate, however, that approval was only possible after heated debate and several delays.
They demonstrate that the European Union is in a position to negotiate on agriculture further to the reform of its common agricultural policy. At the same time, however, the Union is determined to negotiate so as to ensure that development becomes the driving force behind bilateral negotiations.
We must also be aware, however, of one important aspect, which is that an excessive reduction of customs tariffs could undermine preferential access to the EU market, which is already benefiting some countries with which we have trade agreements. Amongst these are the ACP countries, under the Cotonou agreements, and the countries on the southern shores of the Mediterranean.
This is not a new practice, however, since there are precedents in the reform of the CAP of 1992 and in Agenda 2000.
I would, however, like to point out to the Commission that this does not help everybody.
We also realise, however, that the ACS countries must do their homework better and come up with proposals more quickly.
You know him better than I do, however, so you must be best placed to judge if he really is one.
In our opinion, however, the agreement must be well balanced and must be an agreement which benefits everybody.
Commissioner, I am concerned, however, that the model of agricultural multifunctionality may be jeopardised.
I do think however that we have already gone too far in reforming the common agricultural policy in recent years. This was perhaps the essence of what Mr Hyland was saying.
Agriculture is also about a service, however, and there is far less talk about that. The goods component of agriculture can be found on the market and in trade links.
I would like to draw attention to an amendment, however, which could to a certain extent respond to the concerns of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
We also, however, support the progressive definition of the family incorporated into the proposal.
I conclude from Mr Pirker's amendments and comments, however, that the definition remains extremely controversial.
This approach, however, results in discrimination on the basis of nationality, something that was prohibited in the European Union a long time ago.
This freedom of choice must not, however, be lost when these citizens cross the border.
Here again, however, this is a problem for the Member States and one in which the EU authorities should not interfere.
The justification states that 'individuals who are illegally present in the country should, however, also be offered the opportunity' to obtain a contract of employment.
The Group of the Party of European Socialists, however, despite the irresponsible inclinations in favour of illegal immigration I am accused of by certain Members from the PPE-DE Group, will vote in favour of the inclusion of Ecuador in the list of countries whose nationals require a Schengen visa.
The European Union must, however, continue to support alternative forces in Belarus, such as the independent media as well as the third sector and what we call civil society.
It does, however, remain depressing and very frustrating.
That would be too simple, however, for the generations of self-styled 'fathers of Europe'.
This pathetic haggling and these short-sighted measures are, however, a good illustration of the gulf between the ostensible desire to build a unified Europe of the nations and the reality of a Europe that remains divided, surrounded by barbed wire and incapable of ensuring genuine freedom of movement for those within it.
They must not be required to have the same nationality, however, because in practical terms, this would basically nullify the effects of this proposal.
The directive proposed by the Commission, however, switches from one meaning to the other, taking the case-law of the Court of Justice as a basis but going beyond it, without the necessary adjustments being made in the Treaty after democratic debate.
This, however, does not prevent us from constantly talking about European citizenship!
We voted in favour of this report, however, because its recommendations would considerably improve the directive currently being prepared on citizens' right to move and reside within the territory of the European Union, in particular with regard to the rights of spouses and children.
Implying that swifter progress on the road to a market economy would be a source of hope for the Belarusian people, however, is to ignore the many dozens of poor countries throughout the world, such as Haiti and almost all of Africa, which are thoroughly integrated into the market economy and some of which, nonetheless, live in even greater poverty, under the yoke of equally despicable dictatorships.
These grandiose perspectives are, however, more cause for concern than for celebration.
Just as we want a Europe of free nations, however, rather than an antinational, antisocial Europe, we want the nations of Europe to base their cooperation with the nations of Latin America on the principle of national sovereignty and economic realism.
We are now attempting to increase what needs to be encouraged rather than what needs to be reduced: on the one hand the use of less-pollutant vehicles and, on the other, what can only be a positive process towards the definition of long-awaited pricing systems which will allow us to provide an organic response to the problem, towards the solution which can further our cause, adopting an approach certainly of recognising European priorities, which, however, presuppose the consistent shouldering of national responsibilities, those investments which, in the future, will make compatible the sacrosanct need for environmental protection and the free movement of goods, the rights, not least, of producer communities which live south of the Alps and could not be fobbed off with solutions which they considered to be merely uncalled-for restrictions.
W are continuing this reflection, however, and providing certain constructive criticisms and specific proposals which should be analysed by the Commission as appropriate.
Commissioner, I am partly satisfied with your reply; however, I was hoping that the Commission would use its authority to put pressure on the United Arab Emirates.
I should, however, like just one thing to be clarified in this connection.
In the long term, however, diversification is probably the key that will make it possible to reduce dependency and vulnerability among these countries and peoples in the face of fluctuations in basic products.
This is an economic approach which numerous countries need to take; at the same time, however, we cannot increase the retirement age unless there are specific policies and incentives, as you said, for these people to enter the labour market, which is why, at European level at least, one of the main priorities in our Employment Strategy and in our recent review of this strategy has been the over-55s.
There is a serious legal vacuum, however, because these sexual assaults are dealt with within military jurisdiction as abuses of authority and not as violations of human rights, which is what they are.
As always with such compromises, however, there are of course a number of inconsistencies that I should like to point out. paragraph 9 states that there should be some degree of shift to rail, but that under no circumstances should this negatively affect the competitiveness of road transport.
Like all the directives issued in this field, however, it is always the pursuit of liberalisation in all transport sectors that is emphasised, as if this were the only viable solution.
As you will have understood, however, I cannot support his backing for the liberalisation processes underway.
I believe, however, that we should also strengthen public services by modernising them.
It is however already 2003 and tomorrow we are finally approving the report of our colleague Izquierdo Collado on the transport policy White Paper.
We must, however, remember that roads are of very great importance in certain parts of the EU, for example in the sparsely populated and peripheral regions.
This is certainly a profitable business for these companies. The same is not true, however, for public operators.
I must repeat and underline now what we already heard earlier: for as long as it is cheaper to travel through the Alps and other sensitive areas by lorry, however good the alternative infrastructures on offer are, it will be to no avail.
Even basic trade, however, would not be possible without an efficient transport system which is available to all.
This sector of the third generation, however, seems to be in difficulties.
The legislation does, however, require clarification in terms of network infrastructure sharing.
Confidence in the sector, however, has plummeted and we know the reason why, as we have spoken about it so many times.
Intervention may however be necessary to guarantee competition.
Perhaps, however, it is not just the market that will benefit, as has just been maintained.
It is also, however, a society in which the risks of exclusion are many.
It is essential, however, for the European Union's public policy to keep pace with the development of these markets and harness the benefits of this development.
Under the capitalist system, however, scientific progress serves the market, not society.
In the case of the commissioners or their colleagues, I do not believe we have access to the particulars of their work and travel or of the items they use. In Denmark, however, we do have access to this kind of information relating to such people and, in this connection, the Internet is used, and it is made available free of charge.
I am not, however, asking you to respond now.
Above all, however, we must bridge the gap between Community legislation adopted and its implementation at national level.
Those objectives, however, cannot be met without far-reaching changes in our societies. Far-reaching changes that call for political decisions, a shared outlook and rules.
I must say, however, that the picture is disconcerting.
Confidence can only be restored, however, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, if we put an end to the fine words and magnificent plans and actually concentrate on implementation.
It would be good, however, if we could have much more clear-cut agreement on how to proceed with this open coordination.
It is very ironic, however, to state that the European Union is going to be the most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010 and then do absolutely nothing dynamic about living up to this.
I do think, however, that it is not just confidence in governments that matters, but that it is also significant that European business is at last affirming its responsibility for contributing towards growth, investment, and employment.
What, however, can we do about it now?
We cannot, however, resolve Kyoto merely through industry and energy.
Despite the fact, however, that we in Europe are living in a carbon economy, we are still dependent on Russia's agreement for the Kyoto protocol to enter into force.
In Gothenburg, however, the Union had taken a big step in that direction by announcing its desire to measure sustainable development through the Spring Council meetings.
What seems obvious to even the simplest mind, however, is that we must promote the sharing of information at European level and the establishment of conditions of access to this information as well as rules on charging.
The UK, however, has chosen not to opt into this report, in line with its position on maintaining control over admissions.
We do not, however, support it, firstly because the opinion of the European Parliament is no longer relevant once the Council has taken its decision and secondly because the resolution does not question the basis of that decision.
We are in favour, however, of the proposal to set up an inquiry into the development of new methods for funding major infrastructure projects of common European interest.
There is also another reason, however, namely the risk of destabilising the whole region, starting with the Middle East, where the Palestinians are currently facing one of the worst situations in their history.
If we are to avoid becoming bogged down, however, there is only one new argument, and that is the threat of armed intervention.
At the same time, however, the Seville Council also laid down objectives and timetables for adopting the other decisions in the field of asylum and immigration policy laid down in the Tampere Council conclusions.
We cannot forget, however, that these matters are of enormous political sensitivity.
It is also the rights and the obligations of their citizens, however, that are at stake here and which must be acknowledged and defined with a sense of responsibility, in an attempt to respond to the needs imposed on us all by the complex current situation.
These new concerns do not mean, however, that we should indefinitely extend the rules of Community initiative and of qualified majority in this entire area.
The precautionary principle, however, would seem to argue in favour of an additional protocol to the 1980 Convention, explicitly prohibiting these depleted uranium weapons.
There are, however, other places too in which this could be relevant.
The fact is, however, that sometimes we cannot escape the need for military intervention or its inevitability.
New types of armour-plating, however, can only be pierced by weapons powered by kinetic energy.
These new activities must not, however, be carried out at the expense of the campaign against landmines; extra money must be made available for this.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, however, raised this financial framework of EUR 52 million to EUR 67 million.
I do, however, think it problematic that the rapporteur has included measures relating to forest fire prevention in this regulation.
The difference of opinion is connected, however, with how this should be financed.
We cannot, however, support the third part relating to common monitoring of biodiversity.
We cannot accept, however, that European Union funds would be applied in abortion-oriented policies.
I would have liked us, however, to have put things in more precise terms - and perhaps tomorrow will find us managing to do that - so that we can indeed be united in our endorsement of this programme and of this report.
That said, however, there is still a long way to go.
In today's climate, however, there is another barrier.
The onus is on him, however, to take a long hard look at every Member State to see where these countries, while proclaiming the benefits of the internal market, are at the same time blocking its completion by using internal rules to flout it.
Such efforts must, however, form part of a coherent strategy aimed at bringing about lasting change and lives not dependent upon illegal and other drugs.
That is not to say, however, that there is nothing wrong with other drugs.
Faced with such problems, it is impossible to be absolutely sure of what approach to take. We must, however, move in a new direction.
There are, however, not only social consequences, but also social causes.
We do not, however, have to strive towards a uniform approach, although we must be willing to learn from one another.
The scope of the recommendation is, however, focused on risk reduction.
The Liberal Group does not, however, support all the measures advocated by this report, specifically mandatory entry in national registers, or Amendment No 3, which proposes the introduction of a passport for wearers of implants, which strike us as being like so many ideas which appear to be good but turn out to be misguided.
There was, however, a clear indication of the various kinds of inconvenience caused to women who wanted, or felt obliged, to undergo implant operations.
I feel, however, that the tone is excessively alarmist and I will tell you why.
For others, such surgery takes on a reconstructive role and helps them heal their wounds and rebuild their bodies. In the former case, however, it is material external to themselves that their bodies are having to incorporate.
Aid does not, however, mean imposing our European models on countries with different cultures and traditions.
That, however, is what this report is leading up to, even if Mrs Sandbaek says it is not.
A number of colleagues have, however, chosen to deny women these basic rights by proposing another route, that of supporting them in choosing to have their babies.
It is, however, going too far for Europe to say that women should protect themselves.
In order to maintain their global position, however, companies need to engage in a continuous process of adapting their structures.
I think, however, that the situation raises the broader question of what ambitions Europe intends to have in terms of drawing up a new Treaty?
That is not the only thing, however, that demonstrates that the type of problem being raised here is not only regional but also European.
In the ELDR Group, however, we have had an extensive discussion on the ability of this industry to compete and in particular on the level playing field within which this sector of industry is supposed to move.
We should not, however, bury our heads in the sand, because here we are facing a perfect example of deregulated globalisation.
I must ensure compliance with the Rules of Procedure, however, which state in Rule 146 that intentions to request the adjournment of a debate must be notified at least twenty-four hours in advance to the President who shall inform Parliament without delay.
The signals coming from Kazakhstan, however, are more reminiscent of a return to Soviet methods than of a transition towards the rule of law, democracy and a system that respects human rights.
The Commission believes, however, that the matter of human rights in Kazakhstan is to be viewed in its regional context.
To that extent, I should be grateful if we were all to support the motion for a resolution. I should also like, however, to see support for the amendment tabled by Mr Ribeiro e Castro, asking for the European emigrants living in Venezuela not to be forgotten.
It is not, however, for us to tell the Venezuelans what to do.
I would simply say, however, that we must now act intelligently.
Redundancies, however, are not more justified simply because the trade unions have been consulted.
Together with the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, I had voted in favour of Amendment No 53, which was however rejected, with 181 votes in favour, 264 votes against and 11 abstentions.
I should like to point out, however, that the former Member of Parliament, Leyla Zana, has been in prison for some ten years now.
For over 18 months, however, these women have been in prison without trial, in that they have never had a public hearing.
Since our last plenary, however, Mr Pasqua, a Member of our Parliament, was re-elected president of the departmental council of Hauts de Seine on 27 February last.
Others, such as India, have also announced active interests without, however, having tabled specific requests.
I would, however, like to say one more thing.
I would, however, like to say something about computer-related services.
We cannot turn our backs on current events, however, and Iraq is of course putting us into a situation in which the world community is split right down the middle.
I seem to remember, however, that your mandate for Seattle in 1999 included the promotion as well as the preservation of cultural diversity.
We must not, however, negotiate solely on the basis of our own interests but also on the basis of the interests of other countries and other parts of the world.
Madam President, Commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, concern is growing in every quarter at the wave of opening up and privatisation of services that the negotiations under the General Agreement on Trade and Services might unleash, however much the Commissioner insists that this will not happen.
Congress has not said it will not proceed with the necessary legislation on this issue. Should it fail to do so however, the WTO has endowed us with the means to focus our minds, to use an English expression.
I will let my colleague, Mrs Reding, respond to Mrs Fraisse's comments. I would, however, like to remind Mrs Fraisse that the secret of a successful team, especially a sports team, is to have a strong defence and a strong attack.
To my knowledge, the coordinators have had this information at their disposal for almost three weeks. Nobody, however, has approached me to say that the detailed proposals do not correspond with what I had previously announced.
Once again, however, we should not act as if the Pandora's box of deregulation had been opened. It remains closed.
In my opinion, these two debates are quite different. Given that these misgivings and concerns do exist, however, we must respond to them patiently and as clearly as possible.
In fact, our recent document on this issue demonstrates our will to resolve the problem while respecting, however, the provisions of the Treaty, Mr Jarzembowski.
We are, however, prepared to try to seek, together with this Parliament, an approach which is acceptable to everybody.
What we do want to set straight, however - and everyone is always talking about workers' rights, Mr Bouwman - is that employers have rights too, even if nobody ever stands up for them.
More likely, however, because they are coming up against a cold, liberal Europe that subordinates safety, safety at work and health, social matters and jobs to blind liberalisation dogma.
At the same time, however, we are creating - and I do not understand this, Commissioner - an additional competition-distorting element in this directive itself.
There are, however, aspects which should not be exclusively regulated by the Union.
Sadly, however, these are also the vessels with the biggest outstanding debts to the banks.
In order to attain this objective, we need not, however, confine ourselves to these draconian measures for limiting the number of days on which fishing is engaged in.
Clearly, such dramatic decisions can, however, be damaging to the regions and to those communities that depend upon fisheries and the industry surrounding fisheries. The EU must therefore intervene and raise some of these problems.
The Union's task, however, in the area of enlargement does not end with the decision taken at Copenhagen.
It is the future Members, however, those that are to join next year and those that will join a little later, which warrant the greatest attention.
That is very difficult, however, when those policy intentions are tabled so late: too late to discuss them at length in the groups and also too late to compare them with the guidelines drawn up by the European Parliament.
That, however, is the only part of this debate with which I agree.
Within the Union, including old and new Members, there is a kind of Community fundamentalism; in relations with neighbouring countries, however, flexibility and variable geometry allow the implementation of differentiated frameworks for cooperation.
The Council, however, has also said that we shall have to wait until 2004 to look at whether negotiations with Turkey can begin.
As the new Member States will also, however, have to transpose legislation on competition and the environment from day one, the Commission will also be asking the budgetary authority, as soon as this year, to authorise additional posts, and, as we will have to cope with a new linguistic diversity, half the posts required in 2004 will be reserved to the language services.
At the close of the period it will, however, apply to 25. This will call for an additional effort to reach understanding between the three institutions, whereas relations are currently somewhat strained.
A constitution is being drafted, however, which is at a higher level than the Member States' national legislation.
The elaboration of this policy area in concrete terms, however, is once again at odds with our idea of security and stability in Europe.
The greatest challenge, however, concerns the Structural Funds.
Whilst the importance of this issue is not to be denied, I do, however, have my doubts as to whether these Budget lines will actually enable the Commission to handle these challenges.
Specifically in the context of the cancellation of funds, it is my view that Rule N+2, which forces Member States to use funds within two years of their being programmed must be seen as an incentive for the rapid use of funds, without, however, compromising the quality of the expenditure undertaken.
In any case, however, we must realise that, should a disciplinary procedure be necessary, all the rights of those involved in the procedure must be respected.
I must say, however, that the fact that 400 requests - as you said , Mr Elles - have yet to be addressed, might mean that too many requests have been made.
Unduly rigid provisions have sometimes served to safeguard expenditure. On other occasions, however, such rigidity has hindered more effective allocation of resources.
This makes no sense in my opinion, however, when we are restricting self-handling to crew members.
There are, however, some obstacles to this control and it cannot be undertaken simply by prohibiting the use of these substances.
In general, we think that the proposal is balanced and constructive, with the exception, however, of the inadequately justified limitation upon self-handling.
Should the adoption of this draft still be imposed by the large groups, however, we consider that it would be vastly preferable for these appropriations to remain within the budget of the Commission, which would remain in charge of their implementation and would thus shoulder the responsibility for its initiative all the way, rather than offloading them onto Parliament's budget and perpetuating the confusion between parliamentary groups and political parties.
We are, however, completely opposed to a system that could lead to Parliament's being given influence over how much money is to be allocated to the EU.
The minute the situation is less good, however, they are left standing.
If, however, we look at the differences, that is very alarming.
In our opinion, however, that also means that the economic guidelines must take more account of the ambitions with regard to employment, the fight against poverty, the future of pensions, and health care.
The role of the social partners, however, which the rapporteur has rightly emphasised, is a consideration worthy of mention.
Mr President, there can be no doubt that Europe was in need of an employment strategy in 1997 even though the economic cycle was at a high and it was possible to argue that the market itself would provide for our needs. In the light of the present situation, however, it is even more necessary to make every effort to improve this strategy, particularly as we face up to a war situation and its aftermath.
Improvements are called for, however, to clarify the frequency and order of rotation in this type of voting.
Gulliver's syndrome, however, leads some capital cities to believe that governors from small countries might be led to impose a lax monetary policy.
It is not, however, entirely clear what that reform is to look like.
The model proposed by the ECB Governing Council, however, is overly complicated and vague, and will not make it any easier for the general public to follow how monetary policy is formulated.
Proposals for decisions are not, however, put to the vote before there is consensus in the discussions. According at least to the statements made in Parliament by the President of the ECB, Wim Duisenberg, consensus means more than a majority but less than unanimity.
What we are concerned with at present, however, is the enabling clause established at Nice.
The Commission is of the opinion, however, that there is not sufficient justification for the proposed system of rotation.
The enabling clause does however provide for this.
We find it hard, however, to imagine enlarging Europe even further without launching a debate which is now urgent: ultimately, how wide can Europe's borders stretch?
Mr President, President of the Commission, I support and welcome the Commission's statement which expresses the political desire to build closer relations with neighbouring countries. I feel, however, that the issue of borders constitutes an element of discord in this climate of rapprochement.
I should also, however, like to thank the questioner for even raising this matter.
I also said, however, that you need to bear three different things in mind here.
The only way of finding this out is, however, by contacting the Belgian authorities.
The experts are telling us, however, that these by-catches have fallen significantly thanks to new fishing technologies and that in the future it will be possible to virtually eliminate them.
We do however expect - and quite rightly in my opinion - the national governments to at least provide correct information.
We have an entirely legitimate expectation, however, that no false information is put into circulation.
Other things have been left out, however, which have already been debated in the special committees on agriculture.
I would however like to comment briefly on what you said.
This is, however, as I said, the responsibility of my fellow-Commissioner Mr Byrne.
Now, further reforms are needed, however, as well as compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact by the Member States.
Further investigations may, however, be needed, something that we are now also requesting in this report.
In two areas, Sweden is considered, however, not yet to have fulfilled the criteria.
In my opinion, this does not mean however that Sweden is disqualified from the third stage of EMU right through to 2006 or 2007.
I nonetheless want to say, however, that I hope to be able to achieve as large and as broad a majority as possible.
The broad guidelines for economic policy, however, should not be seen independently from the Stability and Growth Pact.
The Stability and Growth Pact, however, as modified in the Communication in November, introduces an additional element in relation to this policy so that it may further promote development in Europe.
In its analysis of the pact, however, the Commission has seen that in certain cases temporary deviations are justified provided that they are for reasons aimed at improving growth.
3% is still the nominal deficit limit; however, we have to take account of the evolution of the cycle and therefore the evolution of cyclically adjusted deficits is an essential element.
This cannot however absolve the Member States from applying strict standards in their budgetary policy, as prescribed by the Commission.
A great deal of work will have to go into reforming the labour markets, especially as regards training and qualifications. We must, however, remember that this involves reorganisation and there will be a price to pay.
If Sweden is to be able to introduce the euro as a currency, we must however formally meet five convergence criteria.
Item 5 states, however, that referendums are to be held and that the outcomes of these must be respected, even if they entail rejecting the introduction of the euro.
There is not much, however, to indicate that they will do so.
One of the possible causes of this slowdown is the economic climate. The main cause, however, is to be found in the huge public payments and the lack of structural flexibility.
We think, however, that the French Government is right to maintain their programme of reducing taxation in order to avoid aggravating the current crisis.
If we say 'yes' to the internal market however we must finally see to it that the barriers in the internal market are eliminated, that we really do create an action plan for financial services, that we really do implement the Risk Capital Action Plan, that we really do make the Charter for Small Enterprises a reality.
This situation is particularly serious, however, for the cohesion countries, such as Portugal, whose specific problems require a dynamic public sector and major public investment in order to attain a high level of real convergence, which is being hampered by the blind application of the Stability Pact's irrational criteria.
He does not, however, mention that Sweden has higher growth and lower unemployment than most countries that have the euro, and without in fact having either high inflation or a budget deficit.
The three biggest economies in the euro area, however, have not done enough up till now.
In order to avoid reducing the money allocated to business, however, the French Government is cutting public spending.
This apart, however, there are two elements which I do believe to be important.
With regard to the Stability and Growth Pact, however, we have also constantly insisted on the need to achieve greater ownership on the part of the various Member States.
I should, however, flag up some residual concerns which we still have.
A submitted compromise, or a wording presented by the Commission, has a history to it, however, and such compromises or wordings seem to me to be matters of dispute within the ECOFIN Council where, according to what I have been told, one or other of the Member States was, in the end, quite prepared to use another veto.
At the end of the day, however, we believe the amendments have a limited scope. This is down to the agreements between the different components of the political groups and what the Council deems to be acceptable to avoid conciliation.
With Mr Karas' amendments, they were already far from being pensions. The compromise amendments, however, have made everything quite clear.
We have sacrificed these positions, however, because we have always been aware that this directive was essential, at least for three reasons.
To present pension funds as a panacea however would be a deliberate lie.
Pension funds that are based on the accumulation of capital, however, will experience exactly the same demographic problems once they reach maturity.
It also goes without saying that fund managers always take their cut of the funds, however the fund is doing.
Once again, the Group of the Party of European Socialists are not opposing the second and third pillar pension funds. We do, however, think that we need to act very prudently and that very strict prudential requirements are necessary.
In a European context, however, a far more profound discussion is needed about the content and the quality of second-pillar pension schemes.
To address this challenge, however, we have a difficult message for the people of Europe.
The differing views among Member States on this subject, however - something we are discussing today - held up for too long this directive, which hopefully we will adopt in tomorrow's plenary debate.
Even a one-off payment - however generous it might be - does not provide security.
Naturally, the directive can be made to reflect a pious desire for the arrangements concerning occupational retirement provision also to cover the famous biometric risks such as disablement, widow's and orphan's pensions etc. It should, however, be left to companies and their employees to determine what they wish to cover that is not already covered by the public social security system - in other words, the first pillar - in the full knowledge that higher and diversified benefit entitlements naturally have their price.
No-one can seriously dispute, however, that it would be preferable if - a huge 'if' - we were able to disarm Saddam Hussein by inspections.
At the outset of a potential invasion, however precise the operation is, massive collateral damage will ensue.
If things turn out differently, however, and if the unfortunate people of Iraq, especially the children, are sacrificed to the demons of war, the consequences will be disastrous.
We want to unite the Twenty-Five, the Twenty-Eight or however many we are, in a new strategy for a Europe of peace and cooperation, a Europe working for democratic progress throughout the world, the so-called crisis prevention and management policy; we do not, once the crisis is over, want to have to decide how to deal with the problem of refugees, casualties and so on.
The UN is, however, seriously wounded at present.
This time, however, Saddam Hussein will not be able to continue to defy international law.
I also wish to make it clear, however, that we will not remain neutral in the event of a conflict.
We accept, however, that they have made progress.
Europe must also make its loud voice heard, however, by avoiding divisions and conflict.
The paradox, however, is that war has never been so close, and that, if disarmament is the objective of this war, disarmament is, in fact, taking place.
Who knows, however, what real public opinion is in the Arab countries?
That means, however, the Cyprus question needs to be resolved.
In today's debate, however, we have clearly felt, among certain speakers, the beginnings of a slide towards a sort of anti-American exaltation.
I am, however, in favour of rejecting the common position on the grounds that it is completely unsatisfactory.
It should be emphasised, however, that this is taking place with the agreement of the governments, and even at their instigation, even when they pretend to stand apart from the WTO or other similar bodies.
How can we accept, however, that health care and education, which are essential social areas, should be placed in the hands of stupid market and competition laws?
The general line of the project is clear, however: to pursue the liberalisation of services and strengthen the role of the WTO within the framework of unequal globalisation.
I must emphasise, however, Mr President, that one should call a spade a spade and say what one thinks.
Although I think that the intended adjustments made by the Commission, which recognise that the budgetary deficit has both a structural component and a component linked to the economic cycle, are indeed well founded in that they strengthen the growth element without endangering the stability element, I cannot, however, forget that this spectacular u-turn is part of a more general strategy aimed at making the Commission the economic government of the Union.
I do not want to bore you with the details; however, I would simply like to mention that it has been decided that the operation in FYROM will be carried out using NATO assets and capabilities; consequently, the planning will be as decided in Nice.
The members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy are, however, keen to see this debate on plenary's agenda, because we take the view that it is not acceptable for the European Union to decide on a military operation in the name of the European Union without formal consultation with the European Parliament, which is the directly-elected forum for Europe's peoples.
In reply to Mr Gollnisch, however, who said something that is not wholly accurate, that the name does not imply any territorial claim, I would say that, unfortunately, the whole problem is that historically, the name was used for territorial claims.
Transfers may however benefit from one of the exceptions in Article 26(1) of the Directive.
Since such an exception could be challenged, however, this solution lacks legal security.
The interest on the American side in the personal data of aircraft passengers cannot, however, be seen separately from their efforts to bring about a Global Computer Surveillance System.
There are, however, a number of legal principles involved here that we cannot dispense with, and the Commission's efforts to uphold these legal principles are pitiful.
The Commission is not, however, immune from criticism here, because it has been aware of this issue for 15 months and has had ample time to tackle this problem, to consult Parliament and to seek appropriate solutions.
We do not believe, however, that the end justifies the means.
A form of technical data protection has, however, been established, which is obviously quite effective, and perhaps as effective as it can be.
The only point of contact is the well-known high-level agreement of 19 February, which, however, is not a written agreement and has no validity, certainly not enough for us to take to the Court of Justice.
My question, however, actually concerns whether it would be possible to raise this issue of fuel shipments, particularly in the Baltic, at the next EU-Russia summit.
What we must do now, however, is seek an appropriate strategy with which to do this.
The Commission, therefore, has a role to play and we have asked the Commission in repeated debates in the Council to come forward with a proposal for this new common region and how these bridges for cooperation with our neighbours can be strengthened; however, this has not been linked with candidates' prospects.
The debate has moved back into the home. This, however, is to ignore the facts.
I do not think, however, that systematically implementing the principle of preference for women candidates for positions of leadership is a suitable alternative, as long as this imbalance persists.
The basic thought behind this approach, that is that women's problems are cross-cutting problems, goes back much further however and was applied in policy far earlier.
Training and awareness-raising in the field of equal opportunities should not only target these women, however, but society as a whole.
As both Mrs Avilés Perea's report and analyses by quite a few women's organisations show, however, the gender dimension has not, as Commissioner Diamantopoulou pointed out, been anything like adequately incorporated.
The other side of the coin, however, was that, in many cases, women experienced their work as nothing more than a mere duty, and not as a right, and there was no question at all of equal wages and therefore, of course, no question of equality either.
Let us be honest however; we are talking here about 6% of the money spent and not 6% of the amount budgeted.
This is no longer a true reflection, however, of the situation in the Member States.
This is, however, an extremely important weapon in the Commission's armoury for ensuring that positive actions to benefit women are implemented.
On that occasion, however, the plenary of the European Parliament also tabled other amendments that were not included by the Council in Regulation (EEC) 881/2002, or by the Commission in its current proposal.
There is no doubt that the proposal contained in the report represents a type of progress. On the basis, however, of the current arrangements, it has to be said that the rules surrounding the regulation on the freezing of funds and economic resources, involving the entry of names on terrorism lists, is without any form of legal certainty.
When it comes to fraud prevention in order to protect the EU's finances, however, it is not just a question of cooperation between the Member States and cooperation with the Commission, nor are we just talking about the candidate countries. We are also talking about cooperation with third countries, for instance Switzerland.
We are unhappy, however, with the low recovery rate, which has fallen considerably.
I can, however, accept the one other new amendment by Mrs Thyssen, whose report we are also discussing and who has played a very constructive part in these debates.
Studies have shown, however, that, outside the border areas, European consumers do not know how to make use of the advantages provided by the European Union.
I therefore endorse the demand that complete harmonisation of the legal provisions be restricted to what are manifestly special cases, subject, however, to the condition that this principle is not misused and that minimum standards will be deregulated.
I do not agree with harmonisation, however, if it means even one Member State having to forsake higher levels of consumer protection.
It is also all right when it is a case of declarations of content, washing labels and so on. The modern consumer is, however, a different type of citizen.
In this context, however, I think it is appropriate and crucial to protect and also deal appropriately with the high value of domestic and intra-family work.
As always, in the end it comes down, however, to the content of the agreements and not the fact that everything is subject to the same regulations.
This model, however - it must be stressed - will still have to take due account of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality.
Although there is no doubt that the closure of a plant is a matter for the management of the enterprise in question, we cannot, however, disregard the fact that the many restructurings currently in progress in Europe are not all comparable with each other.
What the Commission will do, however, is to exercise a comprehensive monitoring function, with the primary objective of ensuring that the directives on worker information and consultation are adequately transposed.
I congratulate her on this, however, although I feel bound to note the contradiction.
We are also aware, however, of the damaging effects of relocations, especially when they take jobs away from regions that have no alternatives.
They do not, however, have to repay more than the amount of the aid plus interest.
The real problem, however, is not even that.
For now, however, there is total refusal to do so.
These stock market transactions, however, completely disregard the men and women whose lives they are destroying and the increased stress and workload they create for those described as survivors.
Permission for such activities in public can, however, be obtained from the Ministry for Education and Religious Affairs.
Although we are aware of the totalitarian nature of the Burmese regime, however, and the motions for resolution are coming from all sides, the current state of affairs, in other words, the absence of the rule of law, continues under the Burmese sun.
At the same time, however, we need to consider what the repercussions of this war will be, what repercussions it will have on Turkey itself, because we need to safeguard its progress towards Europe and its reform movement.
There are, however, more urgent, pressing signals we must send out, and the first concerns the Middle East.
I feel somewhat uneasy, however, because I actually believe that we have all been to some extent taken for a ride.
Today is not a day, however, to argue our differences over the reasons for this.
The universal reign of democracy and human rights, however, will not be established through the use of weapons and cultural violation.
It will, however, be at the cost of many innocent victims and significant collateral damage in Iraq and the surrounding area.
Today, however, we must draw a line under our regrets.
A conflict such as this, however, jeopardises the efforts made over 50 years to build a world founded upon law and collective security.
The voice and the agenda must, however, be ones that we can be proud of. There must be one voice that speaks for freedom, democracy and human rights, and not only on our own continent.
We are fully aware, however, that humanitarian policies alone are not enough, just as it is not enough to outstrip the other main players in the area of development aid policy.
Here, too, however, we must be honest with ourselves.
The issue we are confronted with today is quite straightforward, however. Will Parliament make a clear statement on this war or will it not?
I have to tell you here and now, however, that this debate will take place in other fora, including the level of the Convention.
To have the so-called economic giant settle for the lowest common denominator in its economic, social and environmental conclusions is, however, cause for despair.
I think, however, that we must also realise that the growth in unemployment in Europe naturally started long before that.
All these worthy objectives are included in the Lisbon strategy; however, we have to admit that we are in the third year and, in certain sectors such as education, for example, things are not going quite according to plan.
Now, the war is under way, however, and we must look to the future.
This has never, however, resulted in their being enforced under the auspices of the UN.
Because of the secret service, however, there is apparently great stability, which cannot, unfortunately, be attacked from within - I see no sign of it being so.
Is there, however, sufficient formal basis under international law for the coalition's military presence?
I also think, however, that we must all acknowledge that this stage in the discussion is now finished and that we in Parliament must stop shadow-boxing with the past.
I congratulate it on that. I would however point out that at present what is required of us is humanitarian aid for those most in need.
In order to do this, however, it urgently needs to provide itself with a common foreign and defence policy.
The strong, influential political Europe of the future cannot, however, be created with an anti-American stance.
The USA's status as a military hyperpower means, however, that it will not work without a military component.
I also, however, deplore the challenging behaviour of Saddam Hussein who has continually managed to ignore the UN resolutions.
Last but not least, however, we must do all we can to eliminate the divisions in the European Union.
I will, however, move on now to the economic part of the Spring Summit, focusing upon two aspects: progress in innovation and enterprise, and environmental protection.
We were in agreement in condemning Saddam's regime; however, we had different opinions on pre-emptive, unilateral war, since mainly innocent victims pay the price for war and since the post-war situation is still completely unclear.
I believe, however, that this should also filter through to other files that were mentioned in the summit conclusions.
When they go back in their constituencies, however, they are incapable of asking their voters to endow that same security and defence policy with the necessary resources. They have failed to understand that a united Europe can be strong whereas a divided Europe is bound to be weak.
I am here to talk about Lisbon, however, and I think that the agreement reached at the Council about common action by the European governments is an important element of political stability with the present split in Europe.
It is a blessing in disguise, however, that this problem is easy to solve, because once it realises that, the Council can simply obtain the amounts from the Treaties.
Parliament is not, however, prepared to proceed to the agenda without further ado, and so the Council is now willing to negotiate on texts; however, these texts will not make the problem go away because the Council wants to keep the amounts in the Treaties unchanged, which in fact violates Parliament's rights.
In our innocence we believed the interinstitutional agreement was binding on all parties. Much to our dismay, however, we now find it only seems to be binding on certain Council officials when it suits them.
Ladies and gentlemen, as other honourable Members have made clear, Parliament is committed to enlargement on 1 May 2004. We are not in any way committed to a celebration on 16 April in the shadow of the Acropolis, however, though we would like to be part of it.
In this case, however, it is the people who will take the decision.
That does not mean to say, however, that this Parliament will not be continuing to take a keen interest in the whole process of the reforms because the regulations themselves have to provide the right framework in which the reforms are carried out.
They may wish to live in a cooler place, a hotter place, somewhere cheaper or somewhere more expensive. We must however ensure they have a free choice.
For example, the use of a new category of staff, namely contract staff, however useful it may be, must not lead to the abuse of this formula, because that would run the risk of weakening recruitment conditions and would undermine the workings of our institutions.
Honourable Members will however be aware that of course several Member States do not share our joint enthusiasm and there is much work to be done independently of the negotiations on the staff statute.
I am speaking now, however, as the spokesperson for the opinion of the Committee on Budgets and, as such, I welcome the Commission's assurances regarding the cost of reforming the staff regulations of the European Civil Service.
This cannot be done, however, without acting gradually, over a period of time, and above all in a spirit of consultation and dialogue.
We are not only talking about obsolete stocks of pesticides here, however, although it is important to tackle that problem very meticulously.
We are talking about much more than that, however; our drinking water, our surface water and our groundwater contain more and more residues, and these days even rainwater no longer complies with drinking water standards.
Such targets should, however, be considered by the Member States when they establish their national action plans.
As Mrs Redondo Jiménez pointed out earlier, the use of an active agent is, however, far more a matter of location, local weather conditions and a plant's general condition in terms of development and health.
These binding national programmes must, however, take the current situation and the national and regional action programmes into account.
I really have not done that; I have, however, had a look, I have taken advice and I have, for example, seen that there has effectively been quite significant reduction in other Member States of the European Union, like in our esteemed Commissioner's country.
We can, however, cut down on their use.
We have serious reservations, however, about the need and the appropriateness of the directive on cement, on various grounds.
Well, the agreement on the sole point at issue during conciliation stipulates that the Commission must submit as soon as possible a legislative proposal aimed at banning the use of products - products this time - containing substances classified as carcinogens, mutagens or substances toxic to reproduction where, however - and emphasising this is very important to the rapporteur - there is scientific evidence that these substances are released by such products, thereby exposing the general public to the risks described above.
During the conciliation procedure, however, the Council was unwilling to approve the proposal to extend the subject matter of the text to include products, so as to avoid legislation which in its view would be too complex and which would run the risk of being impossible to apply.
The same cannot be said, however, for the way funds are being used on social measures, and this is where there are problems.
This is an erroneous assumption, however, because although in some cases shipowners do actually manage to send their vessels to fish in other fishing grounds, they are only able to make a partial profit, or to provide a partial alternative to what they had previously in the Moroccan fishing grounds.
There are, however, other diseases, such as sleeping sickness and river blindness, which have been neglected.
Like other speakers in the debate, I believe however that success depends crucially upon preventive work and efforts made before the disease has broken out.
What we must not forget is that treatment with what are known as retardant medicines is, however, an extremely complicated form of medication that also requires a functioning medical and health care system.
We should, however, be clear that the provision of funding for the research programme will not in itself solve the problems.
It is terrifying because it presents a tragic view of the health situation in countries where the three major scourges of this century which we are discussing are concentrated: AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis claim more than five million victims every year. AIDS is the most recent scourge with, however, 90% of cases found mainly in developing countries and 70% in Sub-Saharan Africa: there are more than 40 million infected people.
That also means, however, that the actual charge must be brought before national courts by national public prosecutors.
At the same time, however, it underlines certain issues which it considers important.
Over all, however, openness to the project of a European Public Prosecutor has grown appreciably as the year has gone by.
The important thing now, however, is that a European criminal prosecution authority should be anchored in the Constitutional Treaty itself with a basis in law for developing the secondary law that will then be necessary.
At the same time, it must however be acknowledged that this is basically a national problem in as much as approximately 80% of the EU budget is administered by the national authorities. I think that, in this area, the Member States display a fundamental unwillingness to take the necessary initiatives to deal specifically with fraud involving EU funds.
That having been said, however, I do in actual fact support in principle the idea of setting up this authority and embedding it in the treaty.
The mere decision in principle is, however, not sufficient: if we really are in favour of establishing a European Public Prosecutor, we must be consistent in also providing him with the effective means to operate.
This has proved impossible, however, now that this report has overreached itself and is aspiring after the European Union as a political entity.
The need for action is greater than ever, however, because the amount of fraud, mismanagement and nepotism is growing.
The purpose of Eurojust, however, is to remedy this problem while respecting national competence.
During the debate and the assessments made by the Parliamentary committees however, the original measure was in danger of being distorted and taking on a different, dangerous form in the European institutional context.
As representative of the Pensioners' Party I would like, however, to urge a directive to be adopted in Europe which reduces working hours - for harmful working activities such as bricklayers' work - so that we have fewer occupational diseases.
It is important to recognise, however, that while this is a very welcome step, it is a small amount compared with the cost to the world if these diseases are left unchecked.
In 2001, however, when they were under threat from anthrax, they considered that the patent on cyclosporine, owned by the Bayer laboratory, should be waived.
This participation cannot, however, replace the EU's financial commitments to combating these diseases.
I wish to note, however, that also because of the sums involved, this form of European cooperation requires the implementation of Community funds to be closely monitored.
In fact, however, the Council hardly discussed Iraq either, in order to avoid exacerbating the existing division.
This possibility, however, is not currently part of the Convention's plans, which are still mainly along the lines of the united model.
In terms of maintaining and improving employment, the measures will be of little use, however necessary they are, if our companies are not able to export as a result of the unfair competition in the field of external trade which the EU is obliged to control.
I do, however, welcome the rapporteur's proposal to create national monitoring databases that contain all available non-chemical alternatives ?
It is important right now, however, to emphasise that the EU's prosecuting office must only devote itself to protecting the EU's financial interests, and nothing over and above that.
We cannot however support the establishment of a general European Prosecutor with wider powers.
I would also like to insist, however, that one issue does not cancel out the other.
That said, however, it should be stated here that it is impossible not to be disgusted by the Chinese Government's behaviour, which was both thoughtless and irresponsible.
The fact that cases have been discovered not only in Asia but also in Europe and Canada, however, has everything to do with a policy that is too laissez faire and too tolerant.
We do not, however, know that for sure.
We hope, however, that this will be re-examined in the course of the evaluation, for I believe that this amendment that we have tabled is an important one.
We therefore again urge the Commission, and, through them, the Council and the Member States that, if we want to create this liberalised European transport area, in which, however, this job can also be done under proper conditions, in which working conditions are right, and in which training will now also be right, these texts will remain nothing but fine words if the Member States are not willing to systematically implement them.
There are certain amendments, however, which the Commission cannot accept, such as No 3, No 4, No 8 and No 9.
There is, however, a catch, and I would like to speak to the Commissioner briefly about this.
Honesty compels me, however, to say that it is not only mental and physical fitness that contributes to road safety but also properly developed professional skills.
In order to maintain the internal coherence of the text, however, they must be combined with Amendment No 53.
The Erasmus Mundus programme, however, concerns the field of higher education.
It could, however, review its position in light of a possible increase in the ceiling of heading 3.
What is most important, however, is that the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport has managed to deal with the Commission proposal swiftly.
I would, however, like to make a comment about this report.
In order to belong to the world of research and higher education, however, we are quite aware that there must also sometimes be restrictions and that objectives need to be emphasised and in more than just a few words.
There are other aspects, however, that have given a clear advantage to the United States, since if we are to resolve the same problem in Europe particular attention must be paid to these aspects.
However many courses in the language of the host country might have been provided before students attend an advanced course, however many parallel courses the universities open to their foreign students, it is clearly unrealistic to think that in a short space of time, we can reverse the trend that currently benefits the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Everyone has something to learn, however, and it is therefore important to be able to use the programme for supporting the promotion and dissemination of best practice, for example by supporting school twinning.
This not only means extra work, however; it can also mean an enrichment for education.
It will, however, also require commitment on the part of a future generation.
As my colleague Mrs Hieronymi has already said, however, virtual encounters cannot replace real encounters, although they can be an important enhancement of them.
This externalisation, however, needs to be supervised more actively, more coherently and not in a way that merely goes through the motions.
I think, however and I say this in my report that a number of things have gone wrong, not on Parliament's side, but on the Belgian side.
I am concerned, however, that there is a risk of a gap in control arising.
No employee of the agency was involved in the fraud. Ultimately, however, the agency is responsible for control of the EU funds spent.
It is, however, the Commission which forced the agencies to sign the contracts.
I promise you, however, that we on the Committee on Budgetary Control will still be keeping our eyes open in this area in the future.
I must concentrate here, however, on a few points that proved the most important in the discharge process, namely the accounting rules and the book-keeping system, the contracts with the Statistical Office and the question of the rate of implementation of the budget.
Nevertheless, we consent to the discharge for 2001, giving notice, however, that we will be following these three matters in particular very closely in the months ahead.
Let me begin, however, by thanking all the rapporteurs for their conscientious and responsible work and the members of the committees for their constructive cooperation and in particular the committee secretariat for its excellent support.
It must be said, however, that the situation remains entirely unsatisfactory in the large areas that fall within the Commission's remit.
The reality, however, is that the EU's administration is such that responsibility is an entirely undefined concept.
We are, however, sending the wrong signal by adopting all the accounts.
This is a cautious approval, however, which is accompanied by many recommendations which the Commission should not ignore. I am sure it will not and that it will cooperate in this regard.
The fact is, however, that, for the eighth time in succession, the European Court of Auditors has refused to issue a statement of assurance to the Commission attesting that the latter has managed European taxpayers' money prudently and thriftily.
Let me turn now, however, to the details of the report on Parliament.
I should, however, just like to return to something that I find very dangerous: here I am talking about the risks of direct budgetary support.
You should take a look at what those countries are doing in East Congo, however, and see how they share the guilt for plundering the land.
The work that should have been done in response to that paper, however, was delayed for several months because of a situation of which you are all aware.
- (FR) The issue of wheat from the Black Sea is symptomatic of the systematic refusal by the Commission to apply the principle of Community preference, of which it is, however, the guardian according to the Treaties.
The real problem, however, is the Schengen cooperation's closure of the external borders.
Fortunately, however, Parliament did not see any reason why it, as a European political forum, should not give them.
In 2003, however, the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is making known that virtually all of the Member States of the EU have developed alternative strategies.
This debate should not just be based on ideology and pipe dreams, however, but on reality: how to deal with reality; the diverse realities.
We do, however, have to be prepared to have a good look at those Conventions.
I do not, however, accept that label with regard to this report; as the essence of this report is a rational recommendation, an evaluation.
Let me warn you very strongly, however, against supporting it.
I do think, however, that those who can - who can carry out an evaluation on the basis of global data - should be free to do so.
The importance of these studies wanes, however, when one considers the background of this unit's former director.
The European Council recognised, however, that progress on this was slower and less substantial than expected and that new impetus and new guidelines were needed in order to make up for the delay.
It is expected, however that they can be monitored after reunification when the family members' residence permits are renewed.
Overall, the proposal falls short of our initial intentions but it does not, however, involve any obligation to harmonise family reunification requirements downwards, and we see it as a first step on a path that we wish were faster but which we shall continue to tread with conviction and persistence.
I am, however, critical - as I was with the initial proposal - of the Commission's decision not to differentiate between the various reasons for immigration.
At the same time, however, I do not consider it wrong for us to link certain requirements to the rules on family reunification.
We utterly reject, however, the proposals tabled by the rapporteur, which would extend the concept of family far beyond the limits that the European Union can accept as a tolerable basis for its immigration policy.
It is, however, a very sensitive subject in which it is natural that national realities should loom large.
This approach, however, does not represent a radical break with the past, since the basic strategy implemented over recent years, particularly since Lisbon, is still valid.
It must, however, be emphasised that ECHO is not an implementing organisation.
For the time being, however, ECHO sees its presence as adequate.
You have talked to the new Spanish Minister about it, however, in Spain there is a difference of opinion between the Catalan Government - which also has a say in the matter - and the Spanish Government.
It would be a mistake, however, to become complacent and overlook just how much remains to be done to move not only Macedonia but the whole region towards a point where a return to instability becomes inconceivable.
I should like to say straight away, however, that I regret two things: firstly, that we have had to wait so long; secondly, that the end result is such a cautious position, the unfortunate consequence of a policy that is based exclusively on controlling migratory flows, despite the objectives set in Tampere.
I am also sure, however, that this is not the last time that we will discuss family reunification.
I should like to add, however, that this political agreement must not be any weaker than what is already on the table.
It is not, however, a regulation that sets the levels of classification of Council or Commission documents.
I am of the opinion, however, that they are moving in the right direction.
As Mr von Boetticher has just pointed out, however, the Convention on the Future of Europe is right now discussing a draft article on Europol which, as I see it, addresses precisely the concerns I have just mentioned.
This should not, however, prevent the adoption of the initiative by Denmark.
While we support the introduction of operational powers in Europol, which the Treaty of Amsterdam itself provides for, however, we have also repeatedly pointed to the need for the strengthening of its role to be accompanied by measures to ensure both democratic control and jurisdictional control.
We must, however, seek to adapt Europol's position to its present tasks, and to give it the best working conditions possible.
I would, however, question both the realism of the proposal and its political wisdom.
Without, as mentioned previously, doubting the good intentions behind it, as a Scandinavian I am convinced that the rights of control that we have over our Danish police - and which are far from satisfactory - do however serve democracy and the rule of law far more securely than any supranational system.
The truth is, however, that the European Union's image is either promoted or harmed directly as a result of the actions resulting from the various sectoral policies.
Has not the same thing happened, however, with regard to the Member States themselves, which are so indifferent that they are not implementing the Lisbon process?
It has never been possible, however, to use such matters as arguments for voting against the accession of the candidate countries.
We cannot however approve Mr Brok's report on the conclusions of the negotiations between the European Union and the candidate countries.
I am very much afraid, however, that this is merely wishful thinking and that the basic issues concerning the future of Europe are not being addressed.
President Vaclav Klaus's political gesture should not, however, be played down.
According to the law, however, Cyprus does not comprise two separate States.
This does not mean, however, that it was easy to reach agreement on all chapters of negotiations.
Apart from the technical aspects of the negotiations, however, I wish to recall some facts that have marked the Hungarian socio-political situation during the period in which these negotiations have taken place.
There are, however, a number of problems that are so stubborn that they are unlikely to be resolved in the immediate future.
We deeply regret, however, that all of these decisions have been taken without Parliament having been consulted at all.
The real work, however, is about to begin.
Poland, however, is taking part in a war in violation of international law and the Charter.
The Baltic States, however, which are neighbours of Königsberg, home of the philosophy of the categorical imperative, are failing to respect this law.
Lastly, Europe represents memory, the memory of the tanks of the Empire in Budapest (1956) and Prague (1968). Václav Havel and Hungary, however, are supporting the tanks of another empire in Baghdad, which has been turned into a ghetto.
Mr President, I should like to say first of all that I support the enlargement process, and I want to see the applicant countries as part of the EU; however, what I am about to say may seem to contradict that.
Like many other Members, however, I feel a kind of vertigo on the verge of taking this decisive step, particularly because the state of the Union itself is far from satisfactory.
The economic and democratic criteria, however, while necessary, are not enough.
We cannot, however, allow Portugal's interests to be called into question.
The euphoria of this momentous decision, however, must not cause us to lose sight of the current state of EU policies and of the challenges that lie ahead.
The Iraq conflict, however, has cruelly exposed the discord that exists within the EU.
The rapporteurs, however, would have needed... a Constitution.
I was unable to vote in favour, however, because the enlargement decided on at Copenhagen will not be implemented in an open and systematic manner. We shall instead descend into confusion.
The House will however be aware of the attitude adopted by the Kingdom of Spain and the Republic of France. The Convention has not led to any breakthrough regarding explicit recognition of the right to self-determination and internal enlargement.
In my view however, it is unfair to penalise innocent parties for a delay that is entirely our fault.
Our own shortcomings cannot, however, justify our holding 10 nations hostage as we struggle with the Council, nor can they justify our slamming the door against the prospective entrants.
I will, however, vote in favour of the accession of each of the 10 candidate countries when it comes to the vote on the various recommendations.
The historical division into masculine and feminine worlds persists, however, both in Eastern and in Western Europe.
We do however wish to speak out against the conditions of this enlargement on the cheap. It does not provide for equality between the members.
By contrast, however, Scotland, one of the most ancient small nations in Europe, remains no more than a 'region' of a Member State as things are viewed from Brussels.
The candidate countries have shown themselves capable of introducing the necessary changes in order to join the Union. The latter, however, is currently seized by a dangerous paralysis and I am concerned about the situation.
I thought carefully before doing so, because it means committing the Union to a long and difficult process. It should be borne in mind, however, that creating the Union has always been a difficult process.
This vote did indeed take place against the backdrop of a tense international situation. It should not, however, cast doubt over enlargement.
It does not, however, seem fair to make the candidate countries bear the consequences of our inability to take decisions and reform the European institutions.
I do, however, profoundly regret the Czech Republic's failure to annul the expulsion decrees and, in particular, the Immunity Act, which is contrary to every principle of law.
This approach would have required a U-turn in the process of European integration however, to bring in flexibility. The Commission expressed its opposition.
I have allowed myself a couple of exceptions, however. One is to vote in favour of Cyprus for two reasons.
It would require sacrificing the common agricultural policy, however. There is certainly scope for reform of the latter, but it would be unfortunate if it were practically written out of existence.
It has however become clear that the majority of the countries about to join the Union prefer an alliance with the United States and NATO to closer European integration.
The conditions imposed on Poland however exemplify the inequality of the Accession Treaty.
The institutions of the European Union however prefer to subsidise their capitalist agricultural systems to ensure profits, rather than helping the poor people of Eastern Europe who work the land to make a living from their work.
There is an even greater paradox in that the calendar adopted provides for 5 mini-sessions to be held in Brussels in 2004. In theory however, these should not be scheduled unless the agendas of the 12 normal sessions to be held in Strasbourg are full.
At the same time however, it is unbelievable that the number of extraordinary sessions remains unchanged.
We believe as a matter of principle, however, that these rights are best safeguarded by the Member States' national legislative provisions, which are very different from one country to another but which have a democratic basis.
The Council is of course not obliged to adopt Parliament's amendments, as Parliament is only to be consulted on this matter. If however the Council concedes in principle that there should be European regulations on family reunification, the Council should realise it is starting down a very slippery slope.
We can and must, however, only see the right to family reunification in serious terms, without the reason sustaining its existence being compromised.
My fellow members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy took a different view however. On 25 March, at the height of the crisis, they adopted the report we will vote on tomorrow in plenary.
We all agreed however that the subject was so important it merited the debate we are having today. We also felt we had to involve the Council and the Commission.
We must however take account of some fairly basic facts.
This was set in stone by Title V of the Maastricht Treaty in 1992. No one has however even started to implement this in any crisis, be it that of Rwanda, Afghanistan or Kosovo.
The Iraq war should however make all these people realise that nations are cold-hearted monsters who only care about their own interests.
This stability will not be achieved however by establishing more legal devices, impossible cooperation, incompetent bodies, false powers and pretence. Regardless of our current differences on the situation in the Middle East, all eurosceptics will, without exception or reserve, fight against this fanciful notion of a 'Europe as a Power'.
Thinking does not stand still, however, and without new initiatives the damage done cannot be repaired.
I am however in favour of an open process.
The threat we are facing does not, however, come from something we can fight using military hardware.
Any attempt to keep up with the United States in terms of military technology is also, however, in danger of turning into a repeat of the Soviet Union's fatal arms race.
It is, however, precisely in the current context that this report, with the dose of proactive thinking that it provides, becomes even more relevant.
I wish to sound a critical note, however, by stating that the report does, perhaps, go into too much detail, and even includes some details that are less than clear. Where item G discusses the laws of war, for example, it is not clear whether or not it is criticising the Geneva Convention.
Unfortunately, however, things appear to be moving in the opposite direction and the intergovernmental option has gained strength.
It is important, however, to make sure that there are no closed clubs created that not all have access to.
Europe is a force for peace; however, it also needs to become a force for security and international cooperation.
We have often referred here to ancient Athens and Rome; however, we have also recently seen various kings and chiefs of varying colours from old, bygone colonial empires parading around the capitals of certain countries in Europe in gold-trimmed cars.
It also says that this could not be otherwise because, among other things, the majority of the Member States of the European Union accounts for the majority of the members of ???? which, however, is ruled and guided by the USA.
It is certain that they will impose this policy, however much their opponents react.
I too, however, am sceptical about an arms race.
I cannot under any circumstances believe, however, that we should become stronger without Great Britain.
I should like to draw your attention to the fact, however, that, since September last year, we have had Directive 2002/73 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women as regards access to employment, vocational training and promotion, and working conditions.
Compensation for donors should, however, be expressly permitted.
This represents a voluntary act of human solidarity which may, however, be appropriately encouraged by specific measures and by proper information on the part of the Member States.
This compromise was difficult to achieve, between the advocates of subsidiarity, the supporters of ethics at any price and all those, including myself, who want to respond to the expectations and hopes placed in us by millions of patients in Europe, without, however, hindering the development of the European biotechnology sector.
One compromise, however, is causing us problems, and that is the one concerning voluntary and non-remunerated donations of human tissues and cells.
The use of these new technologies must, however, be measured against the fundamental principles and rules which define the community of values that constitutes the European Union.
Recently, however, studies have also opened up promising possibilities in the use of adult stem cells.
The planned tidying-up exercise, however, would be neither complete nor relevant if the comparative tests funded by the European Union were limited to currently certified seed and plants included in the Union's common catalogue.
These comparative tests must not, however, be restricted to those seed and plant varieties that have so far been certified and listed in the Union's common catalogue.
With this Directive, however, we should not only be looking at organic agriculture.
Today, however, we are discussing the financial contributions made by the Community for the comparative tests.
The fact is, however, that there are some differences of opinion on how far this work should go.
I also agree, however, with the need to ensure that we have pure seeds that are, as far as possible, uncontaminated by GMOs.
It has to be admitted, however, that Member States are not doing enough to collect this information, and the European Commission does not always have the means to ensure that Member States observe the provisions contained in the directive, particularly with regard to reporting to the Commission.
The Commission did however change its view regarding the maximum dose. It revised its initial proposal of 350 mg/l and supported the proposal of 250 mg/l.
(FR) I voted in favour of the Gahler report on the enlargement of the Union to include Estonia, as I voted in favour of the entry of the other 9 candidate countries. I regret, however, that simultaneously, in the Brok report, the European Parliament is trying to take advantage of the situation to force both old and new Members to make hyperfederalist commitments.
Other issues relating to detergents that are not addressed by the proposal will, however, be addressed by horizontal legislation; for example, at the last session we had Mr Lannoye's report on Nonylphenol and the next debate today is on Mrs Schörling's report on CMRs.
It can be said, however, that our primary objective in amending the proposal in question was to make the text and related instruments more usable, more functional and more cohesive.
All the groups have however reached a compromise on eight points and this is one of them.
With this provision we must however ensure that the volume of sale and use across the territory of the entire European Union remains at such a low level that there is no threat to the environment and health.
It is also, however, an issue relating to the internal market, and - as Mr Florenz so clearly described - all the economic consequences of this kind of decision are thus evident.
These actions, however, are undoubtedly still insufficient in relation to the environmental issues at stake here and current results.
Less attention, however, has been given to the role of the user of detergents.
There would be many advantages to the environment and the consumer, however, in using concentrates: there would be fewer packages in existence and significant sums would be saved in transportation costs.
As far as phosphates are concerned however there is still much to be done.
Where cosmetic products are concerned, our proposal has however been accepted.
It will, however, take a very long time before that legislation comes into force, so it would have been helpful to have obtained this amendment at the present stage.
I have chosen, however, not to do so, and my colleagues in the committee were of the same view.
Developments in recent years have, however, been devastating.
As so often, subsidies - however important they may appear in individual cases - have dealt a blow to prices and, in that way, damaged the prospects of survival for millions of small coffee planters, especially in Africa.
This presupposes, however, the adoption of a comprehensive approach to the system of cultivation.
What is interesting, however, is that it is possible to cultivate excellent, nutritious mushrooms from the remnants of the coffee bush.
As everyone without exception will surely appreciate, this presupposes, however, knowledge derived from a variety of research disciplines and not a one-sided focus upon a single crop.
The coffee growers must, however, be guaranteed a minimum income here and now.
The WTO then promises them free access to the world market. Due to the law of supply and demand, however, market value is unstable and, when prices fall, the multinationals that control the market take steps to preserve their profit margins.
The common resolution, however, dares to recommend an increase in the power of coffee farmers on the market.
Saddam Hussein, however, who butchered his own people, was their henchman for years.
The field of science, however, by its very nature, does not lend itself to regulation, because it is generally unpredictable.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market have, however, turned this directive into a manifesto mixing so-called ethical considerations with a genuine attack on research into life sciences, while riding roughshod over the principle of subsidiarity.
I do feel, however, that the directive lacks ambition with regard to limiting phosphates in detergents.
The shocking conditions of these expulsions, however, which have led to death in transit, have been brought to light, not to mention imprisonment in the destination countries.
The report which has been proposed to validate this codification of expulsions is, however, particularly hypocritical.
We wish, however, to make it clear that, in the future too, possible operations on the part of Europol must take place through intergovernmental cooperation.
We do not however agree with Paragraph 11 and Recital L.
The EU should not, however, make use of artificial channels such as sports events to put forward political messages.
If the goal, however, as stated in one paragraph, is to convince all Europeans of the virtues of the European Union in the field of 'security, solidarity, equal opportunities cohesion', this is not a good start.
In fact, quite the opposite is true. We think, however, that simply 'being informed' is not enough.
Despite the abundance of means available to the pro-European machine, however, I would like to believe that the people will not allow themselves to be duped by this subliminal federalism.
Lastly, information campaigns must be coordinated at Community level, by the European institutions, thereby better enabling needs to be identified. At the same time, however, such campaigns must be decentralised to national and regional level.
On the other hand, however, great emphasis is placed on the need to develop the competences of the existing European institutions and the inclusion of costs in the Community budget (Paragraphs 40, 56 and 57 of the resolution).
In any case, however, this report is not realistic, as it asserts both the competence of the national parliaments with regard to the use of national forces and that of the European Parliament in relation to approving operations.
Behind this tragi-comedy, however, is the idea that supra-European militarism should be added to differing national militarisms.
If we want the Union to become a credible player, however, it must adopt a single stance and speak with a single voice.
If Parliament was genuinely concerned, however, as it claims, about seeing Europe exert its own substantial diplomatic influence in the period following the war, it would have to attach greater importance to the St Petersburg Summit than to the next European Council.
I wish, however, to say something further about the action that we feel should be taken.
We must do more than simply condemn, however. I therefore call on the Commissioner to reject Cuba's request to participate in the Cotonou Agreement if by the time the request comes up for consideration repression still persists and those detained have not been released.
This resolution, which expresses clear condemnation, does not, however, say what we should do - and Mr Ribeiro e Castro mentioned this - it does not say what the European Union ought to do to put an end to this dictatorship.
We are not surprised these responses are sometimes disproportionate or unjust. We are however saddened by them.
I am however delighted by the release of human rights activist Saad Eddin Ibrahim, but wish to add immediately that things cannot stop at this individual case.
There is one piece of good news, however. This is the decision by the Egyptian Appeal Court to annul the judgment on Saad Eddin Ibrahim and exonerate him.
The Cuban dictatorship, however, then summarily sentenced three young men to death for having hijacked a boat - an undeniably serious act - in a trial that was summary and harsh, and which provided no guarantees.
This is blatant proof that this European Union policy, however embellished with proclamations of Community sensitivity, holds only one thing sacred: to safeguard maximum possible profits for big business and, of course, to achieve them through acute exploitation of the workers.
We have also always said, however, that the conflict in Chechnya must be solved peacefully.
The previous programme, however, was a lot later in making its appearance, so there has been some progress, albeit slight.
Experience has shown, however, that agencies do not always reduce bureaucracy - they tend rather to do the opposite - and special agencies are always harder for Parliament to monitor than the Commission is.
I believe, however, that, by means of this intergroup system, or system of organisation within the Commission incorporating all the various services affected, we can overcome your worries.
What is also particularly important, however, is of course that we aspire to have high-quality installations in Europe, that we do not become lazy about cogeneration, but instead set our sights as high as possible in order to achieve the maximum possible savings.
In the European Union at present, however, cogeneration is not yet being used to its full potential as a means of saving energy. A substantial extension of its use is indispensable when it comes to dealing with climate change and saving resources.
I should like, however, to send a general signal to the Commission regarding the tendency I perceive in its rules of late with regard to aviation.
I should like to note, however, that the circumstances require that it be introduced with care.
What we are asking, however, is that the Commission compensate for the failings of the ESA, if failings it must have.
However much we agree on the principle, however, the more divided Parliament seems to be on its scope.
The question is, however, not whether this is necessary or useful, but whether this is achievable at the moment.
It features an impressive number of omissions, exemptions, exclusions and limitations of liability, however, which would turn the new rules into an illusion, and often even an opportunity for confusion and for backing away from the objective of protecting the public, unless the taxpayer is called on to make good the deficits.
Now long-awaited, it will be a fundamental element of European environmental legislation, provided, however, that the changes which we have worked on with the 16 compromise amendments to reinforce the text are adopted.
There are, however, two things that I would like to point out.
What we must recognise, however, is that much of what creates a threat to our environment may not only be helping mankind in other ways but may actually be helping the environment itself.
However, it calls for the introduction of new concepts and innovative institutions which, however much we want them, are difficult to introduce at once.
The exercise of activities for which permits are granted and which are not considered harmful at the time they are exercised must not preclude the operator's responsibility; however, the fact that there is a permit or that the harmful consequences of the activity at issue were not recognised in time could function as a mitigating circumstance when apportioning the cost of restoring ecological damage to the operator, provided that the operator was in full compliance with the terms imposed under current legislation or the permit during the exercise of its activity.
I have, however, promised Mrs Niebler that our group would support her because I want to give the proposal the benefit of the doubt.
It is not getting industry to pay, however, but the national governments.
The Commission considers it useful, however, to better specify the scope of the so-called permit defence to avoid any suggestion that this might be tantamount to a blank cheque to pollute, because this is not the idea.
The Commission considers, however, that Member States should retain the right to opt for either joint and several, or for proportional liability, or a mix of both, according to their national legal traditions.
I am also aware, however, that we are still at the beginning of the legislative process, and thus entirely conscious of the need for all the institutions involved in this process to reach agreement in due course.
Taking everything into consideration, however, we have to ensure that these voluntary agreements actually yield results and do not just remain a pious hope.
This does not however make the work on the Corbett report superfluous; quite the opposite.
The fact that plenary rejected the proposals for amendments tabled by the UEN Group, however, which sought to correct a serious injustice and discrimination in the composition and operation of permanent bodies of the APP led me to abstain from the final vote.
At the moment, however, we are still seeing different Member States giving conflicting travel advice about the so-called infected areas.
What would we have done, however, if something like this had got out of hand?
This absurd situation does, however, reflect the times in which we live.
This will not, however, be a universal panacea.
A high-ranking health official in Canada, however, has been quick to deny the possibility of infection.
As I said, we know from the Commission and from Mrs Brundtland herself, who has a global view of the matter, that although it has been identified - and this is a fact - in record time compared with what has been done in the past and we have identified the molecular structure of the virus on the one hand; on the other hand, however, no substantial progress has been made in the field of its natural history, in other words on how the virus is transmitted, and there is at present no visible progress on an efficient vaccine to prevent the disease or any anti-viral medication to treat it.
Luckily, however, as we said, no case has yet been fatal.
In this connection, however, we have to view new benefits for Members with some reservations.
This argument does not apply to former Members, however, and it would be just another, somewhat covert, privilege.
There is however also a matter of principle to consider, one that Mr Virrankoski has already touched upon.
When one considers value for money, however, this must be considered not only in relative terms, i.e. whether one or another MEP provides more value than the other, but in comparative terms, in comparison with what else could be bought.
The budget is however still available to the budgetary authority in its traditional form for information.
Above all, however, because this storm led to an invasion of salt, which covered the entire lower part of all the islands in the Azores.
There is, however, a fundamental issue; vigilance and monitoring.
It is also clear, however, from the words that the Commissioner has just spoken, that no government, no prime minister, can claim any praise for this appointment or can claim it to be a matter for national self-congratulation, as if this were a heroic achievement.
I agree, however, with Mr Ceyhun that we must be cautious in our interpretation of it.
Membership of the EU requires, however, that specific principles be observed.
The Commission is also in agreement with a number of other amendments, which, however, still require certain minor changes of formulation in order to take into account the concerns of certain Member States.
The legal issue is, however, a topic of great importance in terms of the future, for one cannot exclude the possibility of the Council of Ministers doing the same thing in other areas of company law - the other types of company are waiting to be dealt with.
Article 137 (1) (f), however, is the rule on jurisdiction for employee participation; it requires a unanimous vote in the Council, with Parliament merely being required to be consulted.
In this instance, however, the Council can decide by unanimous vote to apply the codecision procedure.
Even if this time, however, it appears to have interpreted the relevant proposal for a regulation from the Commission correctly, the legal basis it has chosen is creating tremendous problems.
At the same time, however, and despite everything, it is just as important that we achieve a text on the Statute for a Cooperative Society at last.
There was concern that they might fall foul of the directive, an issue of which the Finnish Commissioner is well aware. This matter too would now appear, however, to have been dealt with.
The adverse effects on tourism in general should not, however, be overestimated.
I know that from time to time the Commissioner, Mr Liikanen, also does what he can and what he is allowed to do on the basis of the current legislative framework; however, there are initiatives which affect the tourism sector and do not fit into a single approach and, at the same time, there is the strange phenomenon that, although we have policy for industry, we do not have policy for the most important part of industry or, in all events, a part which is becoming more and more important, which is tourism.
Because of its cross-border definition, however, should this activity remain outside the scope of the European institutions?
In the case of humanitarian aid, however, the immediate response can and should be handled as a much more focused activity.
At the present stage, the allied forces are responsible for consolidating security and providing humanitarian aid with the presence of Member States of the European Union; however, the assistance and support of the international community as a whole are needed for there to be a fast, efficient and operational return to normalcy.
Significant sums have been amassed within the framework of the United Nations - approximately USD 1.7 billion - without, however, there being a clear picture of the record of damage and the reconstruction requirements of the country.
The basic principles governing our action to manage the situation in Iraq, however, remain unchanged. The territorial integrity and sovereignty of the country, the vital role of the United Nations and the right of the Iraqi people to determine their future.
This dangerous imperial shift, however, is a completely different matter.
I would like to say at this point, however, that we do support a central role for the United Nations, for one simple reason: if you are administering a foreign country, you need to have legitimacy under international law.
I have to say, however, that I have heard relatively little from those people who claimed before the war that we would be on the 'peace front' after the war, working to achieve peace.
Mr President, we are glad the dictatorship in Iraq has come to an end. It should be borne in mind however that the war was not fought simply to end the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein.
Now the war is over, however, control of Iraq has not been divided between those who attended the Azores conference. It has been divided instead between the United States, the United Kingdom and Poland.
As a symbolic act, he gave his speech in English, however, and that of course brilliantly reflects his close relationship with the Danish Prime Minister, who belongs to the same political party as himself and is a close colleague of his. The Danish Prime Minister spent five days in Washington, and the press - the Danish world press, with which my fellow MEPs are probably unfamiliar - described how, during the concluding session, as the Prime Minister paid tribute to President Bush for his honourable conduct, the strains of Mendelsohn's Wedding March from the famous play were suddenly heard.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, however strange it may sound, I do not feel there is any point in taking advantage of and squandering the 3 minutes at my disposal to make you suffer by repeating everything that has been said to saturation point in this Chamber on the tragedy in Iraq over the last few months.
These efforts to achieve mutual understanding and clarification of ideas by seeking consensus whenever possible, however, are utterly essential for us after the blow we have been dealt.
There is, however, an increasing need to enforce liability for remedying environmental damage.
The EPLP does not, however, support the inclusion of GMOs in this directive as, firstly, we believe it is the wrong directive and, secondly, there is existing legislation on this topic and this could give rise to confusion among potential operators as to which legislation is applicable.
I consider the Commission proposal's approach too vague, however, on issues such as: the scope of its definition of biodiversity (restricted to the Nature 2000 network), the system of compulsory financial guarantee/insurance (for operators listed in Annex I of the Proposal), adopting a system of exemptions, removing objective liability for introducing 'mitigating factors' and excluding damage resulting from certain activities.
This should, however, be a factor of which account is taken when establishing the amount of the damages.
The Member States that wish to follow their bilateral practice will, however, be able to do so if they do not apply this provision and/or if they make a joint declaration at bilateral level with the United States.
I would however like to provide some additional details on three issues.
I would however like to know how we can guarantee that judicial cooperation and the handing over of evidence does not amount to collaborating to ensure someone is executed.
This, however, does not mean that the Union must become inward-looking.
Cross-border cooperation may not be sufficient to facilitate perfect collaboration with neighbouring countries. We can and must however take advantage of its benefits.
At this stage, however, four questions come to mind.
As far as the course of events in Europe and in our neighbour states on this continent are concerned, however, I am bound to say that I had a sense of déjà vu when I read the Commission's statement.
How are we to deal in that respect, however, with countries to which we definitely cannot or do not wish to offer the prospect of membership?
Any perspective must, however, express the free democratic will of each nation.
The European Union should provide what our Mediterranean partners are always asking for: an area of shared prosperity. This, however, should also be an area of shared responsibility, above all with regard to the subject of immigration, which is of particular concern to this House.
I can mention by way of example the energy dialogue, the initiative to create a common European Economic Area, the action plan for cooperation on questions of justice and internal affairs, which do not, however, have a contractual legal basis.
We do, however, believe that there is considerable scope for improving the way the institutions work under the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, especially as regards the Cooperation Council.
Today, we are, however, saying quite clearly that we are holding meetings but that the results are rather far from being achieved.
It was really not, however, the PCA Agreement that led the way but, rather, money.
Despite these difficulties, however, it is fundamental at the present juncture to maintain the momentum of negotiations within the framework of the WTO and to make fundamental progress in the run up to the Cancún conference.
We must, however, vote against the Committee's Amendment No 32, which I do not believe takes adequate account of the present position in international law.
Labelling these products, however, does create such an impression. And that in spite of the fact that, for years prior to 1991, these products were eaten by consumers in my country and elsewhere.
I would however add that the Commission's proposal provides for rapid adaptation, should the OIE recommendations be modified.
Unfortunately, however, this is the way things are.
It is good, however, that, within our limited means, we are focusing our attention on health and education, which are so closely linked and interdependent.
It is not, however, generally known that education - particularly basic education - conducted in the predominant regional languages results in a marked increase in the desire for education and reduces parents' misgivings about sending their children to school.
The underlying problem however is not devising new plans, but implementing what we have already agreed.
Mr García-Margallo y Marfil emphasised this. I also agree however that we should not set aside the fundamental elements of our strategy just because we are currently in a somewhat difficult situation.
Clearly, implementation is behind schedule. Once again, however, I do not feel that the solution lies in devising new plans.
This does mean, however, as the Belgian Employment Minister has already pointed out, that certain target groups, such as the elderly, should perhaps be pleased with the fact that they can enjoy their early retirement at the moment.
This resistance to change, however, cannot be allowed to become a pretext for delaying necessary reforms or a barrier to them.
The extent to which this has been done in practical terms, however, has been inadequate, and poor economic growth and mass unemployment are the price we pay for putting off these reforms.
Tax reductions, however, should be made for everyone in paid employment.
As has already been stated here on several occasions, however, we need to do the opposite of what the stupid rules of the Stability Pact call for, which is forcing a reduction in public investment, leading to the State having no responsibility in the fields of health and education and making it difficult to use the Structural Funds correctly in the countries with the weakest economies.
The focus of the Commission's policies is always profit and not people and this is why it is so insistent in calling for a flexible, mobile and cheap labour force, without rights, which can be used whenever, wherever and however employers wish, thereby supporting job instability over employment, and demonstrating total disregard for working people.
Potion number 3 is also in danger of failing to promote social cohesion, which is however one of the objectives adopted in Lisbon.
Europe is also partly responsible for this situation, however, although this is not of course mentioned in the Commission's document.
Hence, the regret and even anger I immediately feel at seeing Parliament consulted too late, and therefore too briefly, about an issue that is, however, vital to our fellow Europeans.
The report does not, however, touch upon this.
I will however make a few remarks I think are relevant.
I do believe, however, that the current situation should not lead us to back pedal regarding structural reform. After all, structural reform is about modernising our economies.
I am sorry time does not permit me to go into further detail. I would however like to take this opportunity of thanking you all for your contributions to this morning's debate.
Madam President, the Commission is not directly involved in the appointment of members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank. I would however like to say how delighted we are that Mrs Tumpel-Gugerell has been nominated as a candidate for membership of the Executive Board.
In addition to these formal qualifications, however, there are three factors that would especially favour the choice of Mrs Tumpel-Gugerel for this job.
Even excellent individuals do not succeed on their own merits, however, if their background is felt to be less than favourable.
If we study the answers she gave to the parliamentary questionnaire, however, what emerges is her unconditional support for the monetary and budgetary orthodoxy in force.
Despite that, however, he is still promoting his conformist views on the virtues of education.
The ongoing credibility of this leadership depends, however, on the rigour and the speed with which the Johannesburg commitments are met, in terms of eradicating extreme poverty, of promoting access to drinking water and sanitation, of changing standards of consumption and production, of reversing the loss of biodiversity and of funding development.
We do not, however, agree with certain of the points, to the effect that there must be greater wage flexibility and that it would be good to reduce the overall tax rates in the EU.
Paradoxically however, it is Mr Kabila's government that is dragging its feet.
This must however remain a United Nations mission. Under no circumstances should foreign troops be deployed, especially troops from countries with interests in the Great Lakes region.
This is not how things have worked out, however, with the totalitarian regime that installed itself having survived even the fall of the Berlin Wall.
We must be clear, however, on the need for the human and democratic rights laid down in Article 1 of the agreement, which form the basis of the agreement, to be respected.
Finally, Council and Commission, in order to have any impact, the European Union should, however, insist upon the Vietnamese authorities' opening up the Central Highlands to foreign observers.
People are not just being oppressed for their religious belief, however: the rule of law is being violated in the name of national security, a concept we are very familiar with by now.
It is important for us to remember, however, that Zimbabwe is not the only country with problems: other countries have them too, and we must find time to discuss them.
We have also said, however, that, if more is required in order to cover expenditure related to the Statute, enlargement or other important objectives, we do not necessarily need to respect this 20% ceiling for ever.
I appreciate, however, that a compromise with the rapporteur is on the way, meaning that the proposal is now in accordance with the estimates for the European Parliament's budget.
There is, however, one amendment tabled by a number of Members who basically want future MEPs' salaries to be based on those of their national counterparts.
For others, however, it is a farce of almost surrealistic dimensions.
Why is he putting the matter on the line, however, by describing not only the position regarding primary and secondary law, but also the privileges and immunities, because the latter constitute primary law.
What do we see, however, but amendments proposing waiting for a new Treaty, or until 2009.
The proposal for the Statute, however, provides for us to have a retirement age of 60, which is low indeed.
This fact, however, does not prevent me from making a few comments.
All these measures will not be enough, however, to ensure that small customers will receive the benefits of the liberalised market.
Let me make it abundantly clear, however, that those who make laws can do no more than grant citizens freedoms; it is the adult citizen alone who can make use of them.
Above all, however, I also wish to commend the Greek Presidency - as it has not yet been mentioned for its tremendous commitment, because it has done sterling work.
Without this universal service, however, which is an essential prerequisite, there should never have been an attempt to challenge, at European level, the public service missions defined in the Member States.
What the French may, however, find painful is the fact that péréquation will come to an end, so that prices will not be the same everywhere, but I wonder what disadvantage is involved in the possibility of prices falling in one part of a country?
Types of energy choices can be affected, however. We need to look at that.
The work that has been carried out here, however, has been superb and has led to the result we have now achieved.
We have to say, however, that it has been a long time in coming, since we have already endured the Prestige disaster, which happened when the ship should no longer have been at sea according to the terms of the Commission's initial proposals.
We still think, however, that, although age affects the general condition of a vessel, all the experts emphasise that maintenance is a better determining factor than age.
I should like to point out, however, that, for the benefit of the developing countries, we have to beware of ending up in an inextricable tangle of regional and multilateral initiatives.
Mr Belder is absolutely right, however, to say that the programme is currently inefficient, ineffective and certainly lacks a solid legal base.
Despite the fact that this falls short of your proposal that national parliaments should adopt the national action plans, it does however reflect important progress in ensuring a better governance strategy.
I wish, however, to say that I shall vote in such a way that we preserve unity in this House.
Attaining these aims, however, requires not only political commitment but also substantial changes to economic and monetary policy, which we have unfortunately not achieved up to now.
We also welcome, however, the increased emphasis on the role of women in the report, and indeed the Commission's response to that, but we regret its removal as an overarching goal.
That presupposes, however, that we will adopt this report today.
This commitment to reform must be upheld first and foremost by the active parties, in other words by all the social elements who will have to make responsible commitments to promoting training, innovation and flexibility, without, however, subsequently going back on them when the time comes to implement them.
In order to provide secure jobs, we need, however, above all, as has already been said, to boost investment, the real spearhead, especially in future initiatives targeting the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
Regarding content, I think it would be very positive to come to an agreement with the United States. It is however impossible to disregard the differences between our two systems.
Mr President, Mr Hernández Mollar's report is full of good intentions and we will no doubt approve it. It also, however, suffers from a most curious naivety.
I believe the European Union must grant entry to immigrants wishing to study here. It is however essential for those students to return to their countries of origin on completion of their studies.
I am not opposed to the idea. It might however be appropriate to have a specific Commission initiative on the subject.
It should be noted, however, that this report, even though it supplements the measures that have already been presented with regard to immigration for the purposes of employment and family reunification, does not take the same approach.
My point, however, is that we are meeting on a day when there is a national air strike in France.
Article 63(3) of the EC Treaty, however, only provides for the latter and says nothing about the mutual recognition of decisions taken on the basis of national law.
We choose, however, not to vote against this proposal, but to abstain.
That does not, however, prevent the Member States from cooperating and exchanging ideas in the social sphere.
The amendments, however, do not challenge the liberal idea of reducing company taxation and flexibility in the labour market.
When I got to Parliament, however, I looked in the mirror and saw that I was Mr Fatuzzo.
It also goes much further, however, by presenting a statute that standardises at European level all aspects of the situation of members of parliament and cuts essential links with their countries of origin, in particular remuneration.
Adopting the Statute will, however, have significant consequences for the concept of the parliamentary mandate itself, specifically with regard to the nationals of the State in which those Members are elected - an aspect which only the rapporteur appears not to have fully understood.
. (SV) We have today voted against the European Parliament's report on a new Statute for Members, which was however approved by 294 votes, with 171 against and 59 abstentions.
The result of the vote on paragraph 21 of the proposal, however, has persuaded me to vote against the report.
By once again imposing the original wording, however, the majority is causing Parliament once again to persist with an approach that I believe to be unrealistic and unacceptable.
The results achieved by the MEDA I programme and the first two years of MEDA II, however, are such as to indicate that this model of cooperation should be continued and even stepped up (as the rapporteur suggests), substantially for the same reasons that led in 2000 to this successful programme being extended and relaunched for five more years, as the best possible means of achieving the aims of successive European Councils - Lisbon (1992), Corfu (1994) and Essen (1994): to enhance the EU's Mediterranean policy, to enable the Mediterranean Basin to become an area of cooperation guaranteeing peace, security ...
In fact, my interpretation of Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union diverges from the one put forward in this report, and I believe that the words '... main aspects and... basic choices' of common foreign and security policy must not be understood to be 'practical agreements' and 'specific countries', however wide-ranging the agreements or however important our counterpart might be.
We must remember, however, that the world is not quite as simple as that.
The route from high subsidies and collapsed prices on the world market to healthy trade and pricing must, however, be achieved via a change to the way in which aid is at present provided, that is to say through a decoupling of aid from production.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, if, in the EU, we do not in good time modernise our arsenal of aid to agriculture - that is to say, by moving the aid from the Blue to the Green Box, or however one wants to put it - the WTO negotiations may, if they are to lead to any result that is encouraging in a global perspective, forcibly divest us of the weapons we use to protect European agriculture and the European agricultural model.
I am of course aware that we still have some way to go before we reach agreement. As the President of the Agriculture Council said, however, this is for us the way forward, both in Parliament and in the Council of Agriculture Ministers.
I am convinced, however, that these steps are needed in order to make the EU's milk sector more competitive.
The result of this vote will, however, send a signal and impose on you, the Council, who are supposed to take final decisions, the duty of finding your own compromises before this Presidency's time is up.
I would like to stress, however, that the rapporteur, Mr Cunha, has had the pertinent idea of increasing the modulation of aid rather than adopting your combination of degression and modulation, which is complex, administratively cumbersome and would leave few resources for the rural pillar.
All in all, however, I am dissatisfied, in particular as the pressure of time was so great that the assembly-line voting did not produce a conclusive result.
The proposal from Mr Cunha, however, will be almost impossible to carry through.
To be sure, I too would welcome an end to the intervention regime and export subsidies; not, however, via a structural reduction in prices but by restricting production.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, a proposal for reform, however comprehensive, will never be able to satisfy the many different farming systems in Europe.
It is not enough, however: multifunctional farming brings added value to the community and it is therefore right that there should be appropriate remuneration.
Much that has been negotiated, however, has still not been implemented. In addition, many of Commissioner Fischler's proposals, which I believe go in the right direction and in which there is very much that I can support, have unfortunately still not been fully implemented in all areas, something of which he is well aware.
We should however stop breaking everything down and unravelling it all again because in the end, we can only negotiate the whole as a package.
It will not help however if everyone takes their region out and says that nothing should be done here and nothing should be done there.
We must however look at which countries are attempting to sell from the little that they produce because they need other vitally important goods.
Compromises must, however, be judged by criteria, and these criteria are the substance of reform, which must be preserved.
On many topics however, there has for some time been discussion on the adaptation of Commission proposals.
There are however other topics where even greater efforts are required in the discussion to enable us to achieve solutions.
Not taking steps however, would again result in a market imbalance and that means none other than downward pressure on price.
The conclusions do not, however, endorse the lines taken by the Commission on the case.
In these cases, however, it is the ministers who speak and not the Commission.
I also want, however, to point out that we do not just have a problem with professional athletes.
Youth unemployment is a phenomenon deserving of serious attention and is indeed dealt with accordingly in the European Union; even greater significance will, however, need to be attached to it as a result of the accession of ten new countries as part of enlargement to the East.
The decline of the state, however, leads to catastrophe and anarchy.
This is, however, a constructive contribution to the overall picture.
We have, however, added a clause to the Parliament amendments that a trial should be done first to make sure that the system works really well.
I must, however, say what a shame it is that a great many EU countries, including the country I know best, have not ratified it.
I think, however, that the example involving MARPOL shows that the Commission's proposal was not perhaps as ambitious as we had wished and that we must make further progress.
This focus on maritime transport in order to resolve the problem of climate change must not be developed, however, at the cost of acidification by sulphur dioxide emissions.
We also used this proposal, however, to introduce a number of new elements.
Things are also difficult, however, for all those who believe in sustainable development and in the need to reverse the trend of over-exploiting fishery resources and of exterminating species, which is leading our oceans and, with them, our fishing communities, to disaster.
The inclusion of a clause on changes to the system is acceptable, however, so I endorse Amendment No 19.
All we Member States, however, consider that what unites us is more than what divides us and that it is in everyone's mutual interest that we work together.
There is one point, however, that I must stress as being of prime importance: the general application of majority voting as a decisive and determining element of the political will to act with democracy and efficiency.
We must continue to push ahead on other issues, however: firstly, the requirement for unanimity has not been repealed.
More generally, what counts is laying the basis for effectively combining what cannot go beyond intergovernmental cooperation today and our firmly established Community mechanisms, something which does not, however, come out of the draft.
It is now time, however, not only to look towards the east, but also towards the south, towards the Mediterranean area.
I would like to focus, however, on a third major event, which is more important than any other: the sudden appearance of the Union's identity crisis.
Of course, the Iraq crisis was a difficult one; however, in my view the way in which during the Greek Presidency the 'gang of four' convened in April in Brussels to consider alternative defence structures to NATO merely reinforced anti-American sentiment in Europe.
I would highlight three points, however: the first is that the preamble is of course satisfactory, because it makes note of our heritage from the Greek and Roman civilisation, but I find it incomprehensible that it makes no note of our Christian heritage.
However much of a fiesta they become, however many repressive measures are taken to protect the leaders from the love of the crowd, however far from the city the summit is held, the thunderous voice of protest will not be muzzled, the resistance of the gathering anti-imperialist, anti-monopolistic forces will not be repressed.
Before they can join however there is much that needs to be put right.
Many of these problems are, however, common to all these countries, such as the fight against corruption and organised crime, and above all the fight against traffic in human beings.
With the finishing line in sight, however, intense discussions have now broken out about the details of the institutional framework.
This politically more united Europe, however, is not a goal in itself.
Taxes and decisions on expenditure must, however, remain the responsibility of the individual nations.
There are still shortcomings, however, in the organisation of the division of duties and responsibilities among the institutions.
This cannot happen, however, with a permanent president who is beyond democratic control, or by reducing the Commission's power of initiative and its executive power.
We have not succeeded in deciding where to locate the Food Agency, however, because the right of veto has been used.
At the same time, however, there are some important principles contained in this demand that changes to the reimbursement of travel costs enter into force at the same time as the new Statute, if it ever sees the light of day.
There is one particular point, however, that ought to be clarified, and I should therefore like to table an oral amendment to paragraph 5.
The report does not, however, dispute the policy which produces the hardships, which it confines itself to describing.
While hostilities in the public aid battle at Community level have been broken off for the moment, however, they will soon be resumed on the world stage.
A condition of final acceptance is, however, that the compromise allowing Finland the right to tax the pay of its Members of the European Parliament which arose during the Belgian Presidency be applied to the Statute.
We in the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party, however, are prepared to make compromises, because in the end statutory provision has to be made for these things.
I do feel, however, that the European Parliament should not assume the Council's old stance against the reference to the precautionary principle. The principle is, in any case, covered by Community legislation.
The proposals contained in this report, however, as at first reading, make significant improvements to the text.
In line with the position of the Portuguese Government, however, I believe it is important that we now undertake this exercise at European level, in order to ensure the most important factor in this matter, which is a high degree of consumer protection.
After the wreck of the Erika in 1999, the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) drove the Commission to cut corners, however. The Council and Parliament were weak enough to follow suit.
These final arrangements, however, appear to be the result of political reaction in the heat of the moment to the shipwreck of the Prestige.
The safety of ships, crews and the environment cannot be effectively addressed with fragmentary measures, however important they are, such as the mandatory precondition of double hulls for tankers using ports in the Member States.
If it is to be effective, however, this measure should not be confined to the European Union. Rather, the International Maritime Organisation should intervene to make it international law.
We still believe, however, that Regional Advisory Councils might not be the most appropriate instruments for guaranteeing this participation.
In the end, however, it was not necessary to vote for them.
Over the years, however, in the shadow of Kemalism - though not as a result of Kemalism itself - the army has risen to dominance.
I should like to point out however that it is not only the task of the military to keep Muslim radicalism at bay, but of all responsible leaders.
It is evidently too delicate an issue, however, for the name of Öçalan to bear mention in a report of the European Parliament.
There is no mention, however, of the order prohibiting leading members of HADEP from engaging in political activity.
It is to the report's credit, however, that it also clearly states that accession in general for Turkey remains a possibility.
An inseparable part of this criticism as far as I am concerned however is the support for the reformers and this we are occasionally inclined to forget.
As it is better late than never, however, and with the even faint hope that Ankara will finally understand the real message of the European Parliament and will proceed accordingly in its choices, I unreservedly support the Oostlander report.
Please be honest, however, ladies and gentlemen! For many of you - you have heard only four speeches - all the human rights and civil rights are nothing but a facade.
Let us at least leave that door open, however. With this in mind, I hope that the House will approve this amendment unanimously.
Although the report rightly points, however, down the road towards respect for human rights, along which the country still has to travel, it is nevertheless still a partial and ideologically charged report in my book. It attempts to stamp Turkey with its own view of European values.
So far, however, it is precisely this that we have yet to see.
We can and must, however, resolve our differences and aspire to a common foreign and defence policy.
With regard to the economic sector, however, I think the best solution is not so much to intervene via any WTO agreements as to draw up a single list which addresses the issues in terms of tax and trade concessions, for that will allow us to avoid further instances of bureaucratic chaos.
All this rhetoric about partnership should not mean, however, that we evade the choices Europe has to make and the difficulty we are faced with at present.
We must, however, bear in mind that this would mean setting aside the Union's common external trade policy.
However convenient it may seem to some to bowdlerise the conclusions of missions, however inconvenient it may seem to some to tell the truth about what experienced observers have seen on the ground, we have to be absolutely clear on every occasion that our Election Observation Missions have the job of telling it as it is.
I cannot answer generally as to whether it is dangerous for journalists to work there; however, it is particularly worrying that such incidents occur.
On the other hand, however, failure to integrate immigrants living, in their millions no less, in the Member States of the European Union, often causes particularly acute social situations and these often also have serious repercussions at political level, with highly undesirable consequences.
My question concerning the Thessaloniki Council, however, is this: the Council called for an impact study to be carried out on Basle II, the framework agreement on the creditworthiness of businesses.
Where the nuclear programme in Iran is concerned, however, there is an enormous amount of detail in the scientific press and elsewhere on Iran's use of heavy water, which is only used in the construction of nuclear weapons, and the Council is doing absolutely nothing and confines itself to waiting for any future reports that the Iranian Government might submit.
The question is, however, whether we will succeed in doing so?
What is most important, however, is that open coordination should become a Community process.
These people, however, are precisely the people who are usually trying to deny us our authority.
We are not NGOs, however, but elected representatives, and we ought to know what exactly is being negotiated in our name behind the scenes.
We really need to be careful, however, not to let ourselves be excluded.
A number of public tasks can, however, successfully be carried out other than by using laws, discipline, compulsion and the whip hand.
It is not, however, to be found in certain other countries which have much more traditional administration systems.
It must, however, be geared towards improving the exchange of information and experience.
In my experience, however, this process will not gain public approval if it is not a democratic process.
I also know, however, that coordination in various areas is already possible, definitely necessary and perfectly sensible.
The discussion is not, however, about the 'how' but more about the basic 'aim' of the proposal.
I do not however share the view that this is something that should be decided or debated at EU level.
Subsequently, Mr Menrad says, however, that a European framework is needed for the promotion of employee financial participation through the coordination of agreements on general principles, social security issues and fiscal aspects.
It is difficult to achieve a situation of equality or equilibrium, however you want to put it, when we have two different starting points.
It is also important, however, to consider the principle of subsidiarity.
Mrs Diamantopoulou pointed out that European funding could, however, be mobilised, for example from EQUAL or DAPHNE or research programmes.
Otherwise, however, major advances have been made, and that is extremely positive.
Even the best early detection is of no use however if subsequent treatment is inadequate, or downright wrong.
First of all I would mention screening, apart from which, however, it is also of the utmost importance that women, when the existence of breast cancer is suspected, should be taken care of very quickly.
There are, however, a number of points which give cause for concern.
It is only in accordance with the EU guidelines, however, that optimal treatment can be attained.
Exceptions to the rules should, however, be limited to flexibility in the attendance of an official inspector and the forwarding of information.
The information should, however, be limited to criteria that are important for inspection of the slaughter and food safety.
They must, however, be exempted from unduly high costs.
I am, however, more concerned regarding animal welfare, which should not come before food safety, and regarding the pre-eminent role of the inspecting vet.
Still on the subject of game, I do, however, have reservations regarding the Commission's proposal, and in particular the presence of aged open fractures.
The increase in expenditure will, however, result in a significant increase in food safety for the consumer, provided that the demands on businesses are bearable and affordable.
Against this background, the rapporteur and I have jointly tabled some amendments, which take into consideration the flexibility that is essential for artisanal small businesses without, however, reducing the hygiene requirements.
A new definition of artisanal small businesses, however, as proposed in the amendment, is not considered necessary.
Mr President, I have just two points, which are however important because they are questions of principle.
Rule 145 makes it very clear, however, that at any time during a debate the list of speakers may be closed.
I would, however, prefer to give my opinion on this matter later in view of the votes that still have to be taken.
No clear ground rules are provided, however, for the eight per cent of European farmers who are under 35 years of age and who are the future of agriculture.
The current proposal, however, seems to be primarily aimed at winning over the Americans in the WTO with a view to exporting other EU products.
The aim of market mechanisms, however, is to bolster prices, and, primarily, income, ignoring the need to resolve existing deep-seated injustices.
The amendments proposed by the rapporteur of the European Parliament move in a more positive direction than the Commission's proposals, with the exception of the reference to durum wheat which is, however, regulated under another regulation.
Environmental issues can be resolved by other means, however, such as plans to reduce fossil energy, natural predrying in the sun or the use of renewable energies.
We disagree, however, with the proposal to eliminate indicative prices.
Ultimately, the Oostlander report does not, however, dare to break the taboo, and continues to give the impression that, by the end of 2004, we will be able to think about actually beginning accession negotiations with Turkey, if it makes efforts to satisfy the Copenhagen criteria between now and then.
By what right, however, and based on what moral standards can the European Union judge and at times condemn Turkey?
The way in which OMC has been applied, however, reveals certain weaknesses.
The intention is, however, quite clear: it is about establishing flexible coordination to enable governments to establish links, exchange their experiences and to set general guidelines if necessary, but to then remain flexible in applying them.
The only point that seems to me to be missing from this communication, however, is the situation when a complaint and a petition are lodged at the same time.
I would have liked the wording to be more clear, however, in particular by stating that the Commission must in all cases show the complainant an alternative means of recourse to law.
That means, however, that the one-year time limit must be the rule and that the citizen is able to rely on really obtaining an answer within one year.
On the one hand we must demand, very clearly, an end to the use of force in Aceh and an end to the terrorist activities taking place in the region. On the other hand, however, we must also demand that the Government of Indonesia, which is our partner, meets its obligations, and that means fully implementing the autonomy arrangements for Aceh and ensuring that democracy and the rule of law prevail there, and that, above all, humanitarian organisations, international observers and the international media have access to the region.
As long as terror and military might prevail, however, no one can hope for tolerance from the European Parliament and from the other European institutions.
I would like to emphasise, however, that, in a secret ballot, a good quarter of those present at the ACP meeting agreed with us, and some delegates even dared to say so openly, and to condemn, very forcefully, what is happening in Zimbabwe.
The people of Zimbabwe, however, have the will to bring about a peaceful transition.
In the case of Zimbabwe, however, we did not even refuse entry to a minister.
What is significant, however, is that the Convention has presented the results of its work in a joint paper, which will be submitted to the summit without an alternative.
It did not, however, serve as a pretext for hasty decision-making - far from it!
Even the way the Convention works, however, is a bad example and a bad omen for the future: its functions are subordinate to the supreme whim of its President and to what I might dub consensocracy, a form of democracy without elections, where not a single vote has taken place.
We must, however, look closely at the unknowns which will affect the future of the Union.
Qualified majority decisions take away small countries' right of veto, which, however, the three big countries still have when acting in concert.
We who had hoped, however, that the EU would fully move on from the stage of being a technocratic union and become a genuine democracy based upon a common European debate have reason to be somewhat disappointed.
The fact is, however, that this is not quite the case in terms either of the Convention's procedures or of its membership.
Only the Intergovernmental Conference and the national parliaments, however, will be able to alter the Treaties.
It is essential, however, that the whole Quartet is involved and supports the talks.
Above all, however, terrorism is one thing: it is self-destructive.
We must have the courage, however, to say to ourselves that when rules, the principles that we have all decided to defend in the context of this effective multilateralism are flouted, the European Union must also be willing to face up to this breach of international agreements or contracts, be they political or of any other type.
These range, as I have said, from diplomacy, humanitarian aid, crisis management, trade, sanctions etc. to managing crises with military means. I believe, however, that it would be an extremely serious mistake to think that the only solution to this type is a military one.
The real point I want to make, however, is that defence and military issues are only one dimension - and for the European Union still a relatively small dimension - of any 'Security Strategy' which is worthy of the name.
The need for such a debate, however, is born out of the European Union's increased ambition to play a greater security role. Fortunately, this ambition remains unabated even after this year's events.
The threat of violence should not, however, be the first line of attack, but the EU should also consider how the Treaty could be further reinforced to combat the spread of nuclear weapons.
Many people are, however, the victims of small arms and light weapons, including in conflicts such as the present one in Congo.
It must also be borne in mind, however, that after enlargement we will have to add almost 600 000 more jobs to the two million already included in this sector, and many hundreds of thousands more in areas of industrial production such as Germany and Italy.
During the current Doha agenda negotiations under the auspices of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), however, it is essential that specific features of the textile and clothing sector be taken into account.
Not, however, to the detriment of the most vulnerable economies and poorest citizens in the European Union.
The abolition of the MultiFibre Agreement will, however, lead to a situation which is characterised by more intense, concentrated competition in the mature markets.
The new draft, however, has corrected this and is allowing sufficient possibility for political parties to receive modest private donations.
From the point of view of the European Free Alliance which I particularly represent here, there are, however, genuine concerns about the way in which the criteria are chosen: the way in which one specifies what counts.
I am, however, opposed on principle to the use of taxpayers' money for political parties.
Both initiatives suffer, however, from a number of limitations and shortcomings.
If they are to be more than empty words, significant resources must, however, be contributed in order to stimulate investments in new and environmentally friendly technology - investments that are often rather expensive initially but that are cheaper over the projects' total life-cycle.
We are not overlooking the importance of funding; we are convinced, however, that funding must be based on demand.
None of this has anything to do, however, with what you attributed to a text but does not actually appear in that text.
I can however assure you here and now that it makes no sense whatsoever.
What is actually needed however are funds and resources.
I am however delighted to learn that the Commissioner is prepared to invest public funds and Union funds to help these developing countries.
What the people of those countries do not need, however, is for European companies to exploit their energy resources.
I remain confident, however, that, with a constructive debate, it will be possible to achieve a solution which ensures maximum safety in these plants.
In my view, it does not, however, extend to include, for example, hazardous substances produced in mining.
It also means, however, that the Member States must be prepared to take a stand on important proposals, such as the most recent one to impose penalties in connection with deliberate discharges of oil.
Unfortunately, we see, however, the way in which legal hair-splitting constitutes an obstacle to the directive in the Council.
Maybe, however, there is a deeper legal meaning to it and maybe it will prove to be helpful.
The main point of the compromise is, however, the use of histomonostats and coccidiostats, which are antibiotic additives that will continue to be urgently needed in poultry farming.
Nonetheless, we shall endorse this report, and I hope that you will reconsider whether it might not, however, be possible for your group also to support what has been decided by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on the subject of registering manufactured substances.
What the authors of these regulations have clearly failed to recognise, however, is that many small and medium-sized livestock and poultry farmers and many family businesses also formulate feeds.
I am certainly not, however, advocating the unlimited use of coccidiostatica.
A common fisheries policy (CFP) cannot, however, be blindly applied: it must take account of local and regional variations between different fisheries, fleets and regions of the Member States dependent on this sector, and the populations involved.
This requirement also means, however, that if the CFP is to be correctly applied, it is essential to guarantee flexibility for Member States in the application of measures for the management of the fishing effort.
I would, however, like to highlight the excellent proposal to allow professional organisations to participate in the future Advisory Council for the Mediterranean which we hope to see established.
98% of these, however, are under 12 metres in length, which means the main fishery is being prosecuted in inshore waters and is of a largely artisanal nature.
It would be ludicrous, however, to ignore the impact such activities have on the fisheries sector and on fish stocks.
The obstacles placed by the rapporteur in the way of implementing the main tools of conservation policy, however, especially total allowable catches (TAC) and quotas, raise some doubts in my mind.
At this stage, however, I do not want to labour the point.
I would, however, be prepared to replace 'essential human rights' by 'economic and social rights'.
On the one hand, however, this fact did not have the automatic effects that might be inferred from clause 8; and, on the other, clause 9 regrettably ignores the fact that the new Portuguese Government has - forcefully - already taken all the measures required to correct the situation.
The report before us attacks, however, neither the reduction in the level of protection for refugees to the lowest common denominator nor the hypocrisy and double standards in the so-called 'fight against illegal immigration', aimed at militarising the borders at the same time as purloining cheap labour forces.
I believe, however, that we are moving in the right direction.
I consider, however, that the Communication should have based its analysis on the conservation of fish stocks and not on vague sustainability.
. The British Conservatives, however, are forced reluctantly to vote against the resolution because of a number of references which we do not believe are helpful either to understanding or to good relations.
There were, however, a number of peculiarities, which led the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market to take a somewhat different approach to this matter.
Taking the overall circumstances of this case into account, however, it seems appropriate to us - particularly in view of the European elections being not that far off - that immunity should not be waived in this case.
That, however, is not what this was about.
It is morally and legally profoundly shocking, however, for in legal matters one must consider not only the letter of the law, but the spirit as well.
It is also vital, however, as it guarantees a uniform standard of information. This is necessary if markets are to be transparent and secure, and therefore if they are to function properly.
When I hear my fellow Member from Britain make the case for the language regime, however, a flicker of suspicion stirs within me.
It does not however, want to make the directive less flexible than it already is.
The ELDR Group, which is otherwise fairly satisfied with the common position, is, however, anxious that the Council's position would be less effective than current legal practice in providing opportunities for taking account of environmental aspects.
When account is taken of the economy, account should not, however, only be taken of the financially most advantageous tender.
These instruments should, however, apply solely to standardised goods and services.
As Mr Hughes said, a curious change has, however, again crept into the amendment whereby it has been made conditional upon the aforementioned agreements being made law in the Member States.
We should, however, be fighting for socially responsible government even more than for socially responsible entrepreneurship.
It should be kept in mind, however, that unlike 'ordinary' European standards, European eco-labels do not replace other competing eco-labels such as pluri-national ones.
Before addressing them in detail, however, I must mention some of the other major events of the last six months: the winding-up of the accession negotiations - a momentous event which Prime Minister Simitis has already discussed - and the handling of the difficult internal and international situations caused by the war in Iraq.
Viewed as a whole, however, the Convention's draft is a sound basis - and a joint effort which I support - for the Intergovernmental Conference that will have the task of approving a final version.
In addition to this goal, however, I am interested in the ultimate political aim of the exercise, which is to ensure continuity, independence and quality in our departments.
Unfortunately, however, your presidency has not just been a presidency of high points.
On what basis, however, are we to be united, and for what purpose?
As Europeans and as Greeks, we can be proud of this success, however unhappy we are about the incidents of war we had to address.
We are sorry, however, that this is the last time we will be able to pass on our congratulations to Greece in the same circumstances.
Finally, as far as the future of Europe is concerned, I absolutely agree with President Prodi that the Constitutional Treaty does indeed contain some very important and positive points; however, it also contains certain elements which give a great deal of cause for concern.
The article which you chose excludes the parliaments; however, it says that the Member States can express objections if their internal order so requires.
We will also see, however, that this presidency saw a great failure on the part of Europe - not that the Greek Presidency is responsible for this; we all are - namely the inability of us Europeans to have a common position on an issue of war and peace.
In terms of numbers, however, this is very limited compared to the overall phenomenon of immigration.
Greece has also, however, shown itself worthy of the classical humanism as expressed by Gorgias, who said 'man is the measure of all things'.
We should, however, change as little as possible to this proposal and try to guide it through the process as well as we can.
There is however still the issue - which the President of the Commission, Mr Prodi, mentioned - of the dual presidency of the European Union.
Above all, however, subdividing the Commissioners into those with voting rights and those without is a real structural defect, particularly where the Commission remains a collective body.
At the same time, I regret, however, that we have still not obtained a common asylum and refugee policy with common minimum rules.
This way of seeing ourselves is however not yet a reality but still a dream, and that is why I propose that we do not move on to the agenda but have a more in-depth round of communication, information and social dialogue about the results of the last six months.
Above all, however, we need a step-by-step plan.
There are two points on which I would like to focus, however, for I feel that they are particularly important and supplement the Members' speeches and Prime Minister Simitis' response.
Mr President, I would simply like to point out an extravagance which is having a hard time here: the extravagance whereby an institution, however prestigious it may be, should decide unilaterally on where it should sit.
Every other Danish citizen would, however, want to be brought before a court to have their case tried.
Now, it is, however, a question of labelling and traceability.
Our group would like, however, to go still further.
In addition, it will be a long time before we have identification codes and the sampling techniques are random, with no standardised procedures, while, what is more, there is the recommendation to monitor the life of GMOs and products produced from GMOs closely, without, however, it being possible to require additional risk assessments.
The arrangement setting upper permissible contamination limits creates a de facto situation with which we radically disagree, first because it shifts the responsibility to the consumer, who is not, however, in a position to evaluate the risks inherent in food produced from or containing GMOs and, secondly, because it paves the way for the suffocating dependence of farmers on the mainly American multinational biotechnology companies, which have sole rights to produce and sell genetically modified seed and the agrochemicals that accompany them.
It was always, however, clear to us that this was not enough, that something more was needed in addition to the release of food, seed or plants.
Legislation on labelling, however, to my mind, misses the mark on at least two fundamental counts.
There is a solution, however, and the right one is to have relative stability, together with total allowable catches, quotas for stocks of economic importance, and any further technical measures that may prove necessary.
This formal and abstract framework does, however, conflict with a situation that cannot be ignored at either the political or ethical levels.
There are other ways of proceeding, however, such as reducing food aid in kind, as we have done, in order to provide food aid in cash.
The letter, however, refers to the EU proposals, and says that the EU is making an unacceptable attempt to restrict the ACP's use of compulsory licensing.
I do not believe, however, you have answered another part of the question on the measures the Commission would be prepared to take to promote the penetration by Community industry, by Community companies, into China.
I have, however, a question for those of you responsible for the internal market.
Above all, I wish, however, to say to you, as Commissioner with responsibility for the internal market, that I believe that the differences in levies affect consumer behaviour and create unequal conditions of competition.
The publication of this annual report was, however, only the first step.
The incidence is, however, still well below this upper limit of around 45 cases per million adult cattle over the past 12 months, and it is not increasing rapidly.
It is, however, evident that this ban was not fully enforced at that time, since most of the BSE cases reported today were born after 1994.
It should be stressed, however, that the Commission's Food and Veterinary Office has carried out missions in Spain in order to verify the correct implementation of the Community provisions with regard to the control and eradication of BSE in 2001 and 2002.
This is, however, an issue that needs to be solved.
Things being as they are, and politics being the art of the possible, I would, however, like to make it plain to you that this House cannot be expected to co-decide on a European directive that demands that winemakers and brewers should indicate on the bottle label that these beverages were produced using fish and eggs.
Wine and beer, however, do not contain such allergy-triggering ingredients.
Coming from a wine-producing region, of course, I would have preferred it if the burden of proof - in other words, the production of the technical dossier - did not fall on the shoulders of producers who are sometimes small operators. I am aware, however, that if we did not accept this compromise, we would have to ratify the Council's common position, which makes no provision for a procedure for exempting ingredients from the list of allergens.
I am not among those who are so terribly concerned about all the E numbers and additives. There is, however, a group of people who lead extremely difficult lives, namely those who genuinely have food allergies.
We will however assent to the compromise because it is a step forward compared with the Commission proposal.
Certain higher and sometimes contradictory interests, however, could not be ignored, and we thus decided on a fallback solution.
I do not wish to do so however without first thanking my fellow Members.
A positive way of thinking about packaging however is only credible if we go all out to prevent environmental pollution. Which is why recycling and prevention are necessary.
What remains unclear however is the way in which the costs have been calculated.
In order to reach the targets, however, we should bear in mind the excellent measures that have already been implemented in different Member States to achieve the greatest possible targets for recycling and re-use.
That does however mean that you must not distort the market in achieving those targets.
That will not happen, however, if, for example, charges are based solely on weight and do not take account of each material's environmental impact.
I am, however, again astonished at how, silently and overnight, other sectors have been dropped from this directive.
We do however want a ceiling that slowly but surely brings Member States to reduce the emission of CO2.
Many Members, however, will vote in favour of the compromise amendments, because they are better than Parliament's report.
I wish to stress, however, that these last minute discussions and negotiations resulted in the unreasonable proposals that seemed to be included, such as a ceiling on national emission allowances, being taken out.
It is still the case, however, that many of those who are at the moment exporting these tainted products will continue to attempt to evade legal provisions and checks.
The 2004 budget procedure is, however, unusual in two respects.
So far, however, the Council has not given the green light for the use of the flexibility instrument.
We hope, however, that it will soon be a thing of the past.
I would point out once again, however, that cooperation in peacekeeping is more than just peace enforcement as provided for in the Petersberg tasks of common foreign and security policy; it is also conflict prevention, and we do not support the envisaged reduction in appropriations.
The budget's principles of universality and annuality, however, require that it should be drawn up immediately for the whole year.
This system, however, should be improved, for example by including all administrative expenditure in the budget for each policy area, as the report points out.
The Commission must then however exclude any form of capacity expansion or subsidisation from the structural funds, otherwise it is just banging your head against a brick wall.
What most concern us, however, are the structural measures.
This is, however, basically a task for the Convention, which will shortly have concluded its work, and for the future constitution.
On the world stage, however, more and more action is being taken, as demonstrated by the coming into force, in 2002, of the Optional Protocol to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography.
Above all, however, we will emphasise the need to include illegal immigration issues in relations between the Union and the countries of origin and transit of migration flows.
I have never pretended, however, that I was happy that certain reforms I consider indispensable - and which many have called for - have been tackled too timidly or not at all.
Relying upon private capital to carry out such work that will only be profitable in the very long term is, however, to head towards certain failure in the areas of employment, growth and quality of services.
The Constitution is, however, merely an instrument: its provisions cannot produce an effect if the political will is lacking.
A Constitution and political will alone, however, are not enough to make reality the project of the likes of Konrad Adenauer, Robert Schuman, Alcide De Gasperi, Jean Monnet, Gaetano Martino and Altiero Spinelli.
The concerns that have surrounded it, however, are not all due to prejudice.
In these matters, however, the method of consulting the social partners has to be followed, as laid down in the Lisbon strategy.
Friendship, however, is a relationship that must not fall into subservience.
We need to be bolder, however, if we do not want our compromises to slip away, especially as regards control of the economy, foreign policy and the necessary new defence policy, so as to minimise the risk of paralysis due to the need for unanimity.
We shall not, however, protest about your government's presidency; we shall confine ourselves instead to criticising your politics, the bases of which are essentially the primacy of the United States of America and the primacy of the market.
There is another side to your politics, however, which is neo-liberal through and through: it is what we call job insecurity and you call flexibility; it is what is shown - as, indeed, in other European countries - in the attack on the social security system.
This is not, however, something that we Social Democrats take any pleasure in, because we neither want nor are able to replace Italy's internal opposition.
Your work will, however, be scrutinised carefully, for there is no immunity in this House against political blunders and infringements.
That requires effort on the part of everyone, however, and we await practical initiatives in this area from the new Presidency.
It may be seen, however, how private pension funds operating on a capitalisation basis experience similar problems.
As the concept is not very clear and as the funding is by no means assured, it is difficult, however, to see what might be the impact upon the European economic situation of bringing about future trans-European networks.
This fundamental text must, however, be a point of departure for a new Europe and not an end in itself.
Europe will only be great, however, if it can preserve its ability to compete in the economic field.
The facts speak for themselves: Europe is at an historic turning-point, it is about to give itself a constitution, but the draft presented has received general acceptance which for the time being, however, has glossed over the objections of several governments, and these objections will surface at the Intergovernmental Conference.
Increasing the efficiency of port services by means of increased competition and transparency could, however, also be in the interest of the Union as a whole, as well as of Italy with its long coastline and its pivotal role in the Mediterranean.
Infrastructure investment and welfare reform, however, require an efficient, flexible, well-structured labour market that is well regulated and fairer.
I must, however, reply to them and to all those who have given an utterly distorted view of Italy that is far from the truth.
I can reassure him, however, as regards the moratorium on the death penalty.
This effect, which comes from the supply side also, however, needs support from the demand side, and it is precisely public procurement that can have an impact on that when it can be shown that there are grounds for including environmental criteria in an invitation to tender.
It has been forgotten, however, that although the transparency of public contracts is crucial, they can still be an important economic policy instrument, even if they discriminate positively in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises in the award of public contracts.
The damage can only be limited by means of all kinds of bureaucratic rules which will, however, remain unknown to many and will therefore be broken on a regular basis.
It does, however, mean that we will have to carry on working to ensure that suitable arrangements are put in place for seed.
Although this Council common position does not meet all of Parliament's demands, it improves the current legal framework for controlling genetically modified organisms (GMOs). We know, however, that it will constitute yet another step towards justifying lifting the moratorium, which should be maintained.
Had not this violation, however, been preceded by another, much more serious, one: violation, in the shape of the risk of contamination by GMOs, of neighbouring private properties and of the natural environment in general, which is owned by all?
These measures are mainly a matter of show, however, because it will be difficult for labels, controls and other inspections to prevent the propagation of pollen, the interpenetration of the two food circuits - the one with, and the other without, GMOs - and, finally, the victory of the biotechnologies of the multinational, Monsanto, and of the other giant American seed companies.
The proposal for a directive does contain provisions, however, that could pave the way for falsification, for misleading the consumer and for distortion of competition.
It is clear, however, that these glues disappear along with the deposits they cause to form in the flocculation process.
Defining and implementing such measures, however, will have to take into account the particular circumstances and interests of each country.
The public in each country, however, also has a role to play in protecting and caring for the environment.
Like several members of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, however, I must express my anxiety about bringing forward the proposed deadlines by which the Member States must move to implement the proposal for a directive.
We reiterate our opposition to the creation of 'pollution allowance trading', however. Such a trade would turn allowances into a commodity and allow more developed countries to buy 'pollution quotas' from less developed countries, enshrining the status of the former as 'privileged polluters' and stunting the development of the latter.
I believe that some knowledge of past events, however summary, is important when forming an opinion on the present and on the outlook for the future.
The fact is, however, that many citizens in Chechnya, on account of the action taken by the Russian troops, tend, in their desperation, to veer to the anti-Russian camp.
At the same time, however, violence on the part of armed groups has increased, which is very worrying.
We should, however, note the fact that this is a fundamental breakthrough.
At the same time, however, it will also be necessary to emphasise the importance of good administration, good-neighbourliness, internal harmony and the fight against corruption as these countries strive to attain the standards of the developed countries.
It is, at the same time, however, a great responsibility for the Italian Presidency to continue to support, with the same determination as our predecessors, the efforts of the international community to give life to an international jurisdiction that puts an end to impunity for those guilty of committing the most heinous crimes.
The United States's action cannot but give the impression, however, that the United States has no intention of taking legal proceedings against its citizens if they are guilty of serious war crimes.
In seeking and prioritising its own interests, however, the West does not behave with justice and equity in its international relations, but rather it generates a new form of anti-democratic autarchy which will end up bringing it into conflict with the rest of the world and will lead to its unsustainable decline.
Mr President-in-Office, you said that the Council had not discussed the legal nature of the intervention in Iraq; however, the Greek Presidency, in its declaration on 16 April, essentially legalised the Anglo-American intervention - or what I would call incursion - and the Council in Thessaloniki took a similar position.
Many of the European Parliament's fundamental wishes have been largely disregarded, however, and that is regrettable.
As Mrs Sanders-ten Holte said a moment ago, however, we all know that the demands of the citizens go further, that they are asking us to resolve urgent problems and there is a possibility of significantly improving the capacity and safety of our airspace and the efficiency of its management, if we are capable, in this respect as well, of introducing an integration at European level.
Even taking these difficulties into consideration, however, the reports are extremely valuable and the objectives they have set their sights on are excellent.
As Mrs De Palacio in particular has already emphasised, however, this is a delicate matter in technical, institutional and political terms, and it demands a high degree of realism and common sense.
The Council, however, has no need to embellish reality, which is why there are differences in formulation.
The differences in formulation, however, hide the reality more than highlighting it.
The expression 'single sky', however, is being used to cover up an operation aimed at making further inroads into the public service of air traffic control for the benefit of operators, suppliers and private service providers.
As regards the path towards that aim, however, there is a difference of opinion between the Council and Parliament.
There is, however, no privilege for Austria on the grounds of its citizens being of more value than the citizens of Italy or France.
It was inevitable, therefore, that we should turn to conciliation as a solution; in the meantime, however, we again find ourselves having to say 'no' to a Council proposal, which is identical to the previous one, above all because, in this proposal, not the slightest account has been taken of what has happened in Parliament, that is of the broad consensus which, at first reading, rejected any possibility of extending the ecopoints system beyond the normal expiry date fixed for 31 December this year.
In its common position, however, the Council adopted three different criteria for division, and even introduced a new criterion (inside or outside the European Union) with no clear justification.
We cannot, however, accept Amendments Nos 1 to 7, 9, 15, 17, 18 and 21.
It is even more important, however, that passengers can feel assured of their flight, and the contributions must therefore be sufficiently high to act as an incentive for companies to opt for good service instead of compensation.
The regulation under consideration aims to protect air passengers in the event of denied boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights. The proposal we are debating, however, does not fully comply with that objective, and the amendments tabled weaken the Council common position, which was already, in some ways, a retrograde step in relation to the Commission's proposal.
Such 'circumstances', however, should be specifically limited to meteorological or safety problems, so as to prevent passengers' interests being harmed for purely economic or commercial reasons.
As a final remark, he would, however, reiterate the necessity of our open approach: the carrot rather than the stick, designed to encourage both the participation of, and leadership by, the business community.
No form of transport, however, should be excluded from the programme.
I think it is important, however, that the regulation is now approved and that the first projects are got under way by the autumn.
Active measures, and a combination of active and passive measures, however, must remain an option in this proposal, so that it offers even more guarantees of safety than the method currently laid down.
If one thing became clear, however, it was that you set your very own course for the European Central Bank, in which political views did not play a role.
It is not only the responsibility of the ECB, however, but also of the Member States; after all, it is their budgetary policy that lays the foundations for a stable euro.
To date, the Bank has not been confronted with a Europe-wide recession; it has, however, met with repeated criticism of its policy.
Indisputably, however, there is no sign of a European economic recovery in the immediate future.
That is, however, not the only subject we should mention in relation to the annual report, which is presumably the last one for which Mr Duisenberg will be responsible.
I can assure you, however, that the ECB has been and always will be squarely behind the European Commission in its endeavours to live up to the conditions of the Stability and Growth Pact.
There is a suggestion, however, made by Mrs Peijs, to be specific, before her appointment as minister in the new Dutch government, which is to use the type of post that has already been adopted and proposed by the European Convention, of a European Minister for External Affairs.
We welcome the fact that some progress has been made in the decisions that the Eurozone countries are to adopt, including in the framework of the current Ecofin. There are, however, some requests made by the Commission that have not been accepted and we do not believe that this will help the system to function more smoothly.
We must be aware, however, of the technical, legal and institutional difficulties that the issue entails and in light of these, I believe it is crucial to demonstrate enormous political sensitivity, in order clearly to define what we want to achieve in future.
Within some sectors of the economy, or in certain industries, there were, however, significant price rises, particularly in certain countries.
The overall effect for those inhabiting the eurozone has, however, been very small.
Let us not, however, be deceived into thinking that the price rises were higher than they in actual fact were, and let us not make use of that argument in debates, either.
The big advantage of the euro is, however, that it has provided economic stability in politically and economically very difficult times.
I have to admit that I am not entirely happy, however, first of all because this common currency is not as common as all that.
That this should be so was, however, totally predictable and should by no means be seen in a negative light.
I am, however, rather more critical about the idea of setting up a working party to investigate the need for a 1-euro banknote.
Throughout this period, however, the European banking system persistently refused to recognise this new state of affairs.
I appreciate, however, that there may one day be a need for lower denomination notes, especially if economic problems were to arise in Europe.
It would also, however, be in the interests of European consumers because the price fluctuations we have for oil and petrol, dependent upon the rate of the dollar, would disappear.
There are also, however, methods which show budgets according to major function, according to programme or broken down in economic terms.
Above all, however, we must have class budgeting, or category budgeting.
Austria, however, unlike Switzerland, has the misfortune to be a member of the EU, of eight years' standing.
I can only disagree, however, with the appreciable cuts made in the research budget and the structural funds linked to this sector.
At the same time, however, the hypocrisy of a text originating from the political representatives of rich countries whose ruling classes are to such a great extent responsible for the wretched plight of these countries is something that disgusts us.
(SV) We Swedish Moderates believe that the GATS Agreement on including the service sector in the WTO's free trade provisions is an important step in the right direction of increased international trade. In this area, we see no reason, however, for exempting education, the health sector and important parts of the cultural sector, such as audiovisual activities, from liberalisation.
There are, however, some points your report makes with which the Commission cannot agree.
In many cases, however, their contribution is not properly recognised and they do not have the support they need for their quality of life to improve.
Ireland's unique family-farm structure is, however, best demonstrated by the fact that 97% of Irish farms are jointly managed, with women playing an equal and important role.
What worries me in particular, however, are the structural problems.
The results of the Council of Ministers of 26 June 2003, however, have been insufficient in this regard.
What has been agreed on the reform of the CAP, however, in no way takes women into consideration.
That problem however, is still not being solved because there is a disregard for the existing safeguards.
If, however, we compare the situation today with what happened at the last elections, things are better.
Can we expect Europe to be taken seriously, however, when, having signed an agreement, it does not ensure that this clause is respected, by means of appropriate sanctions?
I call on Parliament, however, also to call for the release of Thao Moua, Tha Char Yang, the two guides, Pa Phue Khang, their driver, and a fourth, unknown Laotian, because they are neither reporters nor foreigners.
The European Union's ministerial troika, however, has had the opportunity to talk bilaterally through the Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Laos, on the occasion of the recent Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) Regional Forum in Phnom Penh on 19 June.
The government of Sudan, however, does not get off scot-free either.
Today, however, it is the worst location for attacks on physical integrity and for breaches of human rights.
We know nothing, however, about the fate of the Laotians who were travelling with them.
All of us here, however, know how dangerous highly radioactive waste is and we are also aware of the concern felt by our fellow citizens about issues involving radioactive waste originating, in particular, in nuclear power stations.
It could mean that a gay person could be refused a teaching job in a Church school, however devout they are.
The many emergencies that we have experienced and are still experiencing, however, raise the issue of coordinating resources for civil protection at European level.
Experience has shown, however, particularly this summer in Portugal, that this centre's current mandate does not, unfortunately, allow it to provide all the assistance that is needed when a major disaster occurs.
I wish to go further, however; beyond what we have done and beyond what we are currently doing in order, once we have concluded our discussions, in the proposals that the Commission will be making on future regional and cohesion policies, to make disaster prevention measures more or less compulsory in all regional programmes.
These statistics are misleading, however, because, as we have already heard, in several of the worst-affected municipalities those percentages rose to 80% of woodland, more than 50% of the land area, 70% in some cases.
I align myself, however, with those of my fellow Members who are asking Parliament for greater means with which to respond in a more caring and generous way to my government's request.
Mr President, this summer, we have observed the disastrous effects of the heatwave: drought, fires, and water and air pollution. Above all, however, we are dismayed by the deaths of elderly people, and in particularly high numbers, in a country like France.
We should not normally, however, call upon the EU for help. Our European neighbours too have been hit, and a large country, properly governed, should be able to deal with this type of situation by itself.
France is now in an extremely vulnerable position, however, since the budgetary margins for manoeuvre were not restored when this was possible, that is to say at the time when tax revenue was plentiful.
If nuclear energy is to be more widely accepted, however, the issue of managing and eliminating radioactive waste definitely needs to be resolved.
National governments, and particularly the French Government, ought however, just like the European Union, also to ask themselves questions about the importance of public health policies, the requirement for high-quality emergency hospital services, accessible to everyone and in sufficient numbers, as well as about the requirement for retirement homes staffed by trained personnel and with the resources to ensure high-quality services. In short, they must consider adopting an ambitious policy regarding the elderly and those who are most vulnerable.
Indeed, we must show very much greater determination to apply the Kyoto Protocol. In conclusion, however, I want all these dramas experienced by our fellow citizens over the last few weeks to enable us at least to become more aware. ?
I shall, however, be speaking mainly about the problems of forest fires.
Let us also learn lessons, however, about climate change: fires, which make an instantaneous contribution to climate change by producing large amounts of carbon dioxide and reducing our carbon sink capacity, are increasingly a consequence of climate change. We are locked on a collision course with climate change.
On the world stage, however, we must also pressure the United States to adopt the Kyoto Protocol.
I would also, however, like to express my sympathy with all those of my fellow-countrymen whose lives were affected by the fires and who are going through a time of anxiety about the future.
The disaster has, however, been pretty huge in its extent, as we have all heard and as we all agree.
The fallout from Basel II must not, however hit those who had no part in destabilizing the financial markets - in particular the small and medium-sized enterprises in the European Union, who, as is constantly reiterated, form the backbone of our economy and are the only means whereby we may be brought out of economic crisis.
The Lamfalussy process will, however, be used, as we will at that stage be determining which annexes will be amended by which procedure.
There are, however, some small start-up businesses which are high-risk and I agree with the Commissioner that they should continue to attract a high capital charge.
We should, however, finally realise, that Basel II will have an impact, not only on small and medium-sized banks, but also on SMEs.
As I mentioned earlier, however, I am happy to clarify that the small firm discount - i.e. the reduction of up to 20% for lending to smaller firms - will also apply to equity exposures to venture capital firms.
Here I would, however, make a strong plea in favour of ensuring that in this case the Member States are given as much freedom as possible to use the funds as they see fit.
We must not, however, pit regions in difficulties in the present Union against poor regions in the new Member States.
Mr President, the rapporteurs imply that ensuring social cohesion in an enlarged Europe consists of levelling out the differences between countries and regions. They do not, however, have anything to say about the inequalities within the same country, including the richest ones.
A number of things must, however, be clarified: firstly, the rewording of Article 158.
I would, however, like to conclude on two encouraging points.
It should not be forgotten, however, that although major differences already exist between some European regions in terms of their levels of development, these disparities will become even more marked after enlargement.
This means that we have to expect some difficulties and delays. They cannot, however, be a pretext for giving up, still less for renationalisation or even a mere resizing of these policies; that would be tantamount to trying to cure a headache by decapitation: I do not think that this is the route to take.
It must not be a uniform policy, however. Account needs to be taken of the specific regional situations.
For my part, I trust Europe will become socially just and economically competitive. Above all, however, I hope it will become a territorially balanced Europe.
Despite this atmosphere, however, I have not yet lost hope of seeing visionary and unified political responses such as those given to the great European challenges of achieving the single internal market and Economic and Monetary Union.
Now is the time, however, to ask ourselves honestly whether current regional policy meets real needs.
Obviously, you can pour however much you like into something like this, but is it wise?
Is it sensible, however, to share out aid among all the regions with each one getting just a few crumbs, and at enormous administrative cost?
Funds of money held jointly, however, should be handled even more carefully than our own, as wasting money in any way is always taking it away from the most deprived members of society.
The past has shown, however, how meaningful programmes under European regional policy can make an important contribution to creating similar living conditions.
You are also well aware, however, that some of the difficulties are due to the complexity of the national management systems.
As you rightly pointed out, however, there are over 2000 national bilateral air service agreements and these air service agreements will have to be developed further, they will have to be maintained and new ones will have to be added to their number.
This agreement, however, will not remain tenable if all other similar bilateral agreements are no longer considered permissible.
I remain so critical of some of the amendments in this report, however, that if these are adopted here, I can imagine that the Dutch Government would insist on a new decision by the Court, as a result of which the current arrangements with the United States would be delayed for a couple of years.
The human factor is a very serious aspect of safety at sea; at the same time, however, it safeguards the marine environment.
That is something we could have avoided by means of sensible rules, so I hope my fellow MEPs are paying attention. They are busier, however, having their cosy chats and what not.
There are, however, a number of things we must not lose sight of.
I must point out, however, that it would be appropriate for Europe to define what a region is.
We support the move to include pre-retirement benefits for however long they continue to exist, given current moves to extend working lives, and paternity benefits.
The committee is pleased, however, that in the European Year of People with Disabilities there appears to be progress on the cross-border export of certain disability benefits.
All in all, however, I am very satisfied with the proposal.
I still, however, hesitate to advise people to actually do this unless 100% guarantees can be given concerning sound and proper social security.
This, however, does not mean that the Commission and the Council should take them less seriously.
I also believe, however, that there should not be a comprehensive list of social security regimes covered by coordination in this case.
I can only regret, however, the various attempts to undermine the social security systems of different Member States, mine in particular.
This does not mean, however, that we should not raise the necessary issue of harmonisation in order to protect the European social model.
This is done to a minimal degree, however, and never with a view to bringing each country's social legislation into line with the national legislation that is most favourable to workers.
I would argue, however, that it should eventually be about harmonisation.
The amendment to Article 55, however, tabled by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, Mr Pronk, Mrs Lambert herself, Mr Hughes and others, states clearly that, if the new state of residence - France, for example - does not provide for such allowances, the allowance is not to be paid.
I must state, however, that some of the proposals she has put forward raise difficulties, which meant that the PPE members of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs had to vote against the report.
As was explained earlier, however, this sum does not accurately reflect genuine fishing opportunities for the Community fleet.
I am sure, however, that this is where the Commission would like someone to stand up for them, and that I am willing to do.
Moving from specific cases and solutions to common ownership of fishing resources under a supposed Community law is, however, no longer acceptable.
At this stage, however, the European Union cannot enter into any commitments in the negotiations, as this would entail a change in the common market organisation on which no decision has yet been taken.
It is equally likely, however, that some pharmaceutical company or other will consider that we are the ones who should have negotiated more forcefully.
Now, however, the matter is evidently going to be raised at the next EU - Russia summit in November.
The only sector in which production could increase is the fresh fruit and vegetables sector, which is, however, already very strongly market-oriented, and production would increase only if the necessary market potential were present.
The reform of income aid will, however, link direct grants to the role played by the farmer as a manager responsible for his land and for the rural environment.
In this reform, however, you have not planned for anything like this for the regions in the worst situations.
It should be noted, however, that since the conclusion of the 'global and inclusive' Pretoria agreement in December 2002, and the official reunification of Congolese territory at the end of June 2003, commercial navigation on the river Congo is returning to normal.
Does the Commissioner, however, dare to stand up here and confirm that in Congo, in the region mentioned in the article, there is no wholesale import of European agricultural products that are dumped there?
It does represent progress that there has been an emergency council of war; however, Commissioner, you know - and I imagine this has been expressed by the people who have been in Guinea - that human rights are still being violated all the time, despite certain prisoners having been freed, and that this situation is unfortunately constant in this small country which has few citizens.
The plans for the river Ebro in Spain's National Hydrological Plan (NHP) have aroused major controversy. Nothing has been said, however, regarding the fate of the river Júcar, the second largest river in the Spanish Mediterranean region, which under the NHP is to be used as a centre for hydraulic redistribution in the Mediterranean area, with three transfers within a 200-kilometre stretch, namely the Tajo-Segura transfer, in operation since 1980, the Júcar-Vinalopó transfer, already being slowly introduced, and the Ebro transfer scheme, under which it is planned to transfer 63 hm 3 of water in the vicinity of the Tous dam.
The same applies to NO2 where, however, no derogation for natural sources or events is allowed.
At the same time, however, the Commission has proposed that the Member States examine and decide themselves if Community legislation should be used to combat discrimination on the grounds of disability in sectors other than employment in a report on the application of the directive on equal opportunities.
What is not mentioned, however, is that the problem of disability does not concern a separate group of unlucky people; it concerns all of us, because we are all potentially disabled.
Above all, however, the first article of the Charter affirms the right to human dignity.
We have, however, proposed some improvements to increase the programme's impact.
It is, however, no secret that the multi-annual budgets for this type of policy - an internal policy - has a very low ceiling.
That is, however, what happens in the case of women who are raped.
The DAPHNE I Programme will conclude at the end of this year. It has emerged, however, that it was only possible to select 13% of the projects eligible under DAPHNE I. This was because of the increasing number of proposed projects to combat violence.
I would, however, like to associate myself with all the comments made about the budget and the late interventions on subjects of such importance.
It is not, however, the money that concerns me.
While I am making this request and communicating it to Parliament, however, I am not forgetting your concerns.
What I can guarantee, however, is that the comments of your committee and your own personal comments will be taken into account in future changes which we are going to introduce and, clearly, they will be taken into account so that these changes can take place.
To decide on an exchange rate a priori for the calculation of statistics which are essentially produced in national currency, however, would mean using a theoretical exchange rate which does not correspond to reality.
I believe the comments I have made correspond to your concerns and I believe it is very important, however, that the regulation is adopted very rapidly, so that we can begin the preparatory work necessary for the accession countries, which will provide us, from the moment they are members, with agricultural statistics which are as comparable as possible and which are of the highest possible quality.
The European Union, however, is not entirely in the clear either.
A restriction of high-level bilateral government visits, as announced by the Council in its statement of 5 June, is, however, too weak a measure.
Before doing so, however, I wish to remove any ambiguity about the future role of the Convention.
If the draft Constitution produced by the Convention is to be approved, however, we would equally have to accept, of course, and I address my words now to the Presidency representatives, that some unanimously accepted amendments will need to be made to it.
This does not mean, however, that it should just be a rubber stamp, because that would deprive the Intergovernmental Conference of its political responsibility.
Clearly, this Intergovernmental Conference cannot be compared with any other that has gone before, since it will be working on the basis of the excellent work of the Convention. It still has its primary function, however, which is to allow the Heads of State and Government to exercise their political responsibility and present the definitive text for approval to the institutions and, as Mr Giscard d'Estaing said, the citizens of their Member States.
We also know, however, that what is described therein is a compromise and not, moreover, one reached on the lowest common denominator.
Today, I am going, however, to tackle a more global problem and ask a sort of preliminary question.
Clearly, however, for us, this European constitutional process is not yet finished.
There were, however, Mr President, many revolutions we could have engaged in.
In order to do this, however, we ought no doubt to have been inspired more by Rousseau than by Montesquieu.
They all obviously combine, however, to form the outline of a European state, given the strength, intensity and broad sweep with which they are being applied.
At the same time, however, they want their countries to retain their freedom to take decisions and the freedom to choose their national democracy, the only form of democracy in the full sense of the word to date.
The disadvantage of these partial changes, however, is that they disturb a balance that we have meticulously constructed together, with a view to ensuring that the project has a cohesion - to use your own expression - that must not be distorted.
In Europe's current political state, I believe it would be unrealistic to imagine that the views of the Member States might be ignored. A time will come, however, when, just as the transition has been made from unanimity to qualified majority voting, a new procedure will be required in this regard.
We would, however, add to the objectives of the EU a social market economy, highly competitive and aiming at full employment and social progress.
The actual description of the policies is, however, unchanged except where four of them are concerned: policy relating to economic and social governance, on which considerable progress has been made, even if more might have been wished for; common external policy; common defence policy; and policy relating to security and justice.
What we are seeing more of, however, is unemployment.
Particular attention must be paid, however, to the Portuguese fleet.
A shortcoming, however, in the measures being taken is the absence of a provision to deal with the problems of unemployment and deteriorating competition among Community seafarers.
This programme cannot, however, be implemented in the most effective way possible with the level of funding provided for by the Commission.
Considerations such as these should also, however, apply to Afghanistan, and I believe that we should therefore attempt, by means of a new Petersberg conference, to bring about a truly fair balance of power and the equitable distribution of aid, including to the Pathans, in order to establish peace there as well.
Naturally, there is a desire to be free from a despot and dictator like Saddam Hussein. Is there, however, a wish to see one's country occupied by foreign troops in the process?
We must, however, look closely at the second lie, which is just as, if not more, serious.
That is, of course, completely and utterly unacceptable, however, just as it is that the coalition should continue, with a larger number of countries helping out.
I would like to say, however, that the instability and the attacks on the US and UK forces are a problem for everyone - they have been right from the start, right from the first attack - and not just for the coalition forces.
There is, however, a yawning gap between rhetoric and reality.
I would not presume to reject these criticisms point blank, but I do, however, feel that some clarification is necessary.
Ideological opposition to and political exploitation of human rights and fundamental freedoms are, I am afraid, a fact, however much we might condemn them.
We must invest in this, however, and that means the proper budget decisions have to be taken.
I should, however, like to ask for attention to be given to my amendment on freedom of conscience, which I tabled immediately, of course.
The Commission realises the importance, however, of implementing Article 7 of the Treaty of Nice before the Charter can take full effect.
In addition, however, civil rights are also put at risk by an over-reaction to terrorism, and this is a new problem.
The report does, however, in most of its 150 long articles, give in to this temptation, straying from its stated intentions and boundaries and in some cases serving as a political judgment on the Member States.
You also, however, criticise a number of Member States, and as a rule you do so unfairly.
That, however, is asking too much of the person concerned.
I would like to expressly state, however - and in this regard I do disagree with his explanatory statement - that it is only the victims of terrorism who really suffer torture and all types of suffering, and not the ETA terrorists, who use the strategy of accusations of torture to try to weaken the rule of law.
If we really want to resolve the political conflict being endured by the Basques, however, we must begin by respecting all the human rights of all the citizens, without exception.
These instruments are not sufficient, however, to remedy the weak legal and social position of the several thousand immigrants who have settled in our countries and whose situation is extremely precarious and exposed to all types of abuse.
Various proposals were subsequently made, however, which I did not originate.
The private dimension is, however, very satisfied with the diluted requirements that the EU is now coming up with and that mean a weakening of the limit values for pesticides in our drinking water.
It must be said, however, that if water is treated as a free commodity to be shared, it weakens the potential for organising a highly functional water supply.
They will, however, always be exporting products with ever lower value on the world market.
Public opinion however is not yet fully mobilised around a clear realisation of the worldwide crisis that these three diseases represent.
In every case, however, they are non-governmental organisations.
Our report, however, makes many critical observations, all in the best spirit and in the hope that in subsequent years the shortcomings and insufficiencies will be overcome.
We have full confidence, however, that, this being the case, the European Commission will play its role as guardian of the Treaties and put right anything which is not correct in the report.
I do wonder, however, about the means of fulfilling this objective and, in particular, the need for a European Agency for Linguistic Diversity and Language Learning.
It is not, however, meant only to be used, but should also emphasise and reinforce European consciousness.
I want, however, to emphasise that we must investigate, and go more deeply into, the issue of an institute for linguistic diversity and language learning.
No agency or action programme, however, will solve the problems that EU citizens who speak regional or minority languages encounter in many Member States.
The directive, however, is beginning to creak, and revision cannot be put off indefinitely.
Some Member States do not, however, see the need for an additional committee and have already expressed concern that this committee may duplicate work already being done.
At the same time, they are a cultural commodity and their promotion needs to take account, on the one hand, of the public interest, such as protecting minors and safeguarding cultural diversity; on the other hand, however, they must take horizontal account of the European interest, which is to safeguard the European identity against non-European standards, especially American standards.
I would say, however, that it needs greater publicity and greater visibility.
It must also be clear, however, that we need to establish a system of graduated regulation, and this is where there will be new demands placed on future legislation.
I do not want you to think, however, that the amendments tabled by Mr Volcic, and myself urging Parliament and the Commission to adopt a measure, a directive, in line with what was, moreover, approved by Parliament in November, were dictated solely by Italian issues.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats cannot, however, endorse Amendment No 10, which was tabled today, as it refers exclusively to one instrument, the directive, and because we will achieve a result in this area only if we balance, in an appropriate and proper way, the competences of the Member States and those of the European Union.
There must, however, be clear, workable and manageable definitions of what is meant by European works and independent producers.
What sense is there, however, in adopting a Constitution when that is, itself, negated by the present situation?
Culture is also, however, an expression of our national identity.
Mr President, I should like to thank our rapporteur for the serious work she has done; however, I cannot agree with her on the approach which she has opted to take.
All too often, however, European cultural heritage is neither appreciated nor exploited sufficiently, even though there is no doubt that it represents an area of great potential, not least from an economic point of view.
It is also, however, an important partner in cooperation, in particular with developing countries.
As draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities, however, I can only underline the fact that questions of gender, development and combating poverty are interrelated.
The text as a whole, however, only hides the Member States' responsibility in their incapability of dealing with the repercussions of the heatwave and the forest fires.
Other choices are, however, possible, notably to oblige the industrial powers to respect the Kyoto protocol.
. (FR) We obviously denounce the heavy sentencing and the attacks on freedoms in Cuba, without forgetting, however, the immense responsibility of the US, with its economic embargo, its political pressures, and its military threat, the objective of which is not to ensure more independence for the Cuban people, but to strangle this small country which has dared to escape from its direct hold.
This solidarity and equality cannot, however, justify the long-term prison sentences and death penalties that are meted out to silence those who, in the eyes of the regime's supporters, do not display solidarity or who threaten equality.
Finally, it is important to note that international human rights standards, however valuable they are, are not the ultimate standard against which human action will be judged.
It is unfortunate, however, that the report does not only focus upon fundamental rights but also expresses certain other political objectives.
Major differences of opinion, however, remain about the ambition to ban political groupings on account of 'extremism' or 'separatism'.
This is not, however, the case with this infamous report on fundamental rights in the Union, which, far from serving the European cause, emphasises the worst in community federalism.
The charter only applies to the latter however, when they are implementing Union law, as Article 51 makes clear.
The Lannoye Report, however, remains suspicious of the action of private enterprises.
While the shortage of drinking water in developing countries has worsened, however, the privatisation of water utilities continues apace, particularly as a result of the conditions for receiving loans imposed by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, and structural adjustment programmes which weaken public services and induce under-investment in this sector.
It is just as crucial, however, to encourage the EU water initiative launched at Johannesburg, costing EUR 700 million.
Just as important, however, is the need to safeguard public services, in particular by banning the liberalisation of such services.
I abstained from the overall final vote, however, as I deplored the rapporteur's failure to resist the temptation to include in the final resolution a paragraph written in that coded, ideological language which, like that of other reports produced by this Parliament, aims simply to enlist EU development policy in the international pro-abortion movement.
I take particular exception, however, to the establishment of a Pan-European Children's Network.
It is worth, however, expressing strong reservations on certain points contained in this document.
These obstacles are also, however, the result of the increasing violations of fundamental principles and the rules of international humanitarian law in Israel and Palestine.
The project is not, however, making adequate progress.
I ought to mention, however, that some problems have been encountered. The Commission is undoubtedly aware of them, but they should be solved through the prompt adoption of certain corrective measures.
These delays, however, have as a rule created significant difficulties for farmers in the producing countries, some of which are among the 40 poorest countries on the planet.
I wish, however, to take this opportunity to raise a few basic points about the transparency and clarity of procedures in the way current legislation is implemented.
As the Ivory Coast Banana and Pineapple Producers' Association has rightly stated, however, this regulation does not fulfil these criteria.
The traditional mechanisms of the European model have not, however, allowed the desired aims of cooperation to be achieved with complete success.
They have not, however, made a great impression on a large number of countries, which are continuing to grant tied aid, either openly or covertly.
In the rapporteur's favour, however, it should be said that he showed understanding and flexibility by accepting the amendments tabled to his first proposal, which have yielded substantial improvements in his final text.
Over the past ten years, however, we have witnessed increasing alienation between Muslims and Hindus.
The root cause, however, is to be sought more in the area of looming Hindu nationalism, where faith and national identity coincide.
Today, the - no doubt demagogic - use of this announcement by the US cannot, however, hide the severity of the regime nor its hypocrisy in promising an official roadmap destined to restore democracy.
There is, however, no prospect of democracy being introduced with any sort of urgency.
Other sources indicate, however, that the pro-Democracy leader is indeed on hunger strike.
We are convinced that, however much the imperialists try to justify their crimes in Yugoslavia by distorting the truth, they will not succeed.
The latest reports, however, also from Amnesty International, suggest that that is not the case and that her appeal will be heard at a hearing on 25 September.
I would like to make it clear, however, that the intention of this report is to improve safety at sea as much as possible.
We must not forget, however, that there is a great deal of expertise in the sector itself at the moment, and we must not duplicate the effort.
I must point out, however, that one of these has already been adopted and will enter into force 20 days after its publication, which should be at the end of this month or the beginning of next month.
This does not mean, however, that there are no longer spillages from the Prestige floating in the sea, in particular around Vizcaya, along the Atlantic coastline, which move with the currents and the winds and can result in pollution along any European coast at any given time.
This is not the issue we are here to discuss, however. It will be decided during another debate.
Parliament and the Commission, however, reacted very quickly.
We need to devote our political energies to this, however, because these words cannot sink beneath the waves as the Prestige did.
There is much that we do not yet know, however; there are many questions that remain unanswered, and that is disappointing.
I do, however, have considerable difficulty with the way in which the damage is recouped, partly because we are still unaware of the motivation of certain parties.
These do, however, form an excellent enhancement of the initiatives of the various Member States.
Today, however, what is universally advocated is a policy of liberalisation.
Rather than set up a belated temporary Parliamentary committee on the Prestige, however, our responsibility is to implement, on a daily basis, all the democratic controls falling within our competence, as, indeed, we have today.
The Commission proposal, however, raises more questions than it can answer.
Recent years have, however, seen great progress in the development of renewable biogas. The essential fact is that we have not yet sufficiently registered this.
Quite apart from that, however, it strikes me as illusory to believe - a belief expressed by the Commission in its proposal - that increasing security stocks from 90 to 120 days' worth will help enable us to pursue a proactive crude oil price policy.
The amendments adopted by the committee, however, do not as yet go far enough, as has been said here in a good number of speeches.
Siting security stocks abroad must, however, be carried out on the basis of contracts between the countries and in compliance with current practice.
It is, however, more than clear that the sine qua non to such energy planning is a radically different social and economic framework.
Of the 15 countries that are mentioned on the list, only Switzerland should, however, actually remain on it.
The Austrian initiative, however, poses a complex problem related to the use in the European asylum system of the concept of safe third countries.
We have, on more than one occasion, however, drawn the attention of this House to the problems raised by this type of initiative on the part of Member States occupying the rotating Presidency, since they are often dictated more by internal political exigencies than by an overview either of Community interests or of the healthy development of the legislative framework of the area of freedom, security and justice.
What really seems important, however, is that we keep trying to define a common asylum procedure.
I do not believe, however, that a list of safe states is either useful or desirable.
Despite the emphasis currently placed by the Council on operational cooperation, however, it should be observed that a genuine common policy for repatriation should also be based on medium-term legislative measures (such as compulsory mutual recognition of repatriation decisions, for example) which will not only facilitate cooperation between Member States but also establish a certain number of common minimum standards on deportation, detention and removal, ensuring humane treatment for repatriated persons, as the rapporteur mentioned a little while ago.
We cannot, however, move away from the substantive motives for granting asylum as laid down with binding effect in the Geneva Convention on refugees.
Effectively fighting illegal immigration certainly requires a returns policy but returns should, however, be undertaken in a way that respects all people.
We all know, however, that we urgently need this weapon to fight organised crime.
The proposal that Mr Kirkhope has submitted is a very balanced one, demonstrating due appreciation of the concerns that individuals have and taking them into account, whilst, however, guaranteeing that the rules imposed by immigration policy are actually complied with in the way that they must be.
The reason for our opposition, however, goes deeper.
The Keynesian benefits of increasing public spending dry up over a certain level, it is true; it is also true, however, that the launch of subsequent initiatives to promote economic growth, which is absolutely crucial to recovery, will never be possible without increasing public spending.
The stakes, however, are extremely high: in economic terms, tens of billions of dollars, in philosophical terms, respect for human knowledge.
The technical provision of your directive, however, does not guarantee this freedom.
It is a grotesque idea, however, that an individual colleague of mine or a major firm within my industry should be able in some way to obstruct all development.
It is, however, already possible to do this through laws on computer-implemented inventions that are defined as such.
You must not, however, treat people like idiots.
This is a concept, however, that you have been very careful not to define.
We are, however, less able to agree with each other when it comes to describing this.
There is a world of difference, however, between protecting these legitimate interests and using that protection as a pretext to patent software indiscriminately.
After weighing up all the pros and cons of this directive, however, I am convinced that we will make the right decision tomorrow if we adopt this directive with the amendments proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and various other clarifications.
I do not, however, object to it totally, as I think it is good that the present confused situation regarding conditions for granting software patents is to be clarified.
Underlying this vote, however, is something a little more complex.
By voting in favour, however, we are sending a political message to the Council, a message of good faith and collaboration, but also a message saying that it is time to stop playing hide-and-seek with the European Parliament.
I am concerned, however, when I see that the proposed text gives further consideration to this idea, which threatens people's freedoms.
As the rapporteur points out, however, there is a fundamental principle at stake here, namely that the Geneva Convention allows any applicant for asylum to have his or her case individually examined.
Is entrapping one of the very people responsible for inventing the Maastricht Treaty, however, not a fitting punishment for history to mete out?
Nor, however, did we want to let the man himself off.
We are not making this an issue of personality, however: we would probably vote against any other candidate, because it is the concept of the European Central Bank itself that we dispute on two key points.
Right at that moment, however, the gas ran out and there could be no more cooking.
After everything that happened in the specialist Parliamentary committee, however, and after the various proposed amendments were tabled, stiffening opposition to the Commission's ambitions still further, this was a predictable outcome, and a fortunate one, particularly if the principle of subsidiarity is to be respected.
I cannot, however, support minority arguments which irresponsibly advocate lifting all border restrictions.
Some important proposals were rejected, however, including the following:
The votes in plenary, however, went in favour of setting up a temporary committee, which shows that our stance did eventually prevail, in a sense.
The European Union does, however, have a legislative arsenal at its disposal in the field of maritime safety.
Above and beyond this, however, we have to outlaw the liberal logic that, thanks to the system of flags of convenience, permits the use of dustbin vessels and the exploitation of sailors outside the framework of any social legislation.
What is missing, however, is a system of monitoring and penalties that gives effective expression to everything for which we are voting in this House.
They remain inadequate, however, as long as companies chase after maximum profits and countries try to keep costs to a minimum.
According to the agreement between Parliament and the Commission, however, the President of Parliament and the President of the Commission have to negotiate on this.
All the people from the press in the room downstairs tell me, however, that Mr Prodi's spokesman said that if Parliament wants this meeting to take place in public, it can be.
That is, however, if we do not include enlargement, potential problems with Iraq later on or activity-based budgeting.
At the same time, however, we must ensure that the principles of budgetary rigour and prudence are at the core of all our budgetary decisions.
On the other hand, however, the Council has been surprisingly generous, to the extent that I have to question whether all requests that it has endorsed are well justified.
I would, however, like to focus on what may be a painful aspect of the budget - we must exercise caution when it comes to the appropriations for Iraq.
Is it not true, however, that the aid provided by the EU hardly reaches the remote areas where these poppies are grown?
We know that the Commission's delegation on the ground is doing a remarkable job in difficult conditions. If, however, the EU is to be an active member of the quartet in the manner suggested by the speeches, the EU would do well to accord its budgetary lines as it intends.
A linear reduction has also been made, however, which amounts to a considerable sum in many cases.
These include, first, the depreciation of the US dollar against the euro, which has had consequent effects on certain export refunds or on aid; then, the decision to grant, as early as 2003 - that is to say, in the Budget year 2003 - certain advances against animal premiums for those regions that suffered particularly from the summer drought; and, finally, an agreement on the reform of the common agricultural policy, which, however, is expected to have little effect on the Budget for 2004.
We are, however, currently examining how SAPARD's basic rules can be altered in such a way as to do justice to your concerns.
Let us be clear, however, and in saying this I am trying to answer the comments made by Mr Ferber just now.
Up until now, however, only three Member States have said they are willing to reach an agreement with us in order to develop the campaign on the future of Europe.
The most important thing, however, is that all institutional communication should get as close to ordinary citizens as possible.
The decision has, however, already been taken: you will not be able to ask the Commissioner questions at the end of his statement.
The Commission, however, wanted to give France one last opportunity before proceeding with that injunction.
The Commission cannot, however, make adherence to EU law conditional on the size of a company and the number of people it employs.
Unfortunately, however, he needs a diversion and a scapegoat.
The point however stands, we need to improve on it and we need to be able to demonstrate a greater responsiveness on the part of the Commission.
I would also, however, like to stress certain aspects which seem to me to be very positive.
It is at least as important, however, for us to address the social aspects that affect people's living standards.
In view of demographic development, it is, however, at least as important that we talk about solidarity with future generations so that we ourselves - and I personally belong to the generation born in the forties - do not indulge ourselves too much now with the result that future generations of earners have to contend with unreasonably high costs when we become pensioners.
In the coming period, however, something should be added.
In this report, however, not enough is done to avoid these positions, which lead to the impairment of rights and welfare cover.
To strengthen pension provision, however, the priorities are that the age of retirement must be raised, the range of supplementary forms of finance must be increased, and there has to be an increase in long-term private savings.
We have to remember, however, that any form of taxation that deviates from neutral taxation has an impact on market activity and for that reason any such support measures as these should be temporary and exceptional in nature, in order to promote new fuels and production methods.
An adequacy decision will only be possible, however, if the United States is ready to improve significantly its undertakings.
It would, however, seem appropriate to mention another date too: 11 September 2001.
This statement is however subject to two reservations.
I would, however, like to make a few clarifications on this matter.
It must, however, also be possible for internalised financial institutions to offer their customers better prices than those who give notice of them through pre-trade transparency.
This, however, must not be a reason for reopening the constitutional negotiations, as if we were weaving Penelope's shroud.
That is why, to finish, I dare to take a personal stand: I recognise the determining role of Christianity in shaping European civilisation, I recognise the need to safeguard the validity of its teachings; however, it would diminish Christianity and underestimate its persuasiveness if we were to accept that it needs constitutional support.
There is, however, no time for nostalgia. Furthermore, nostalgia is not a good guide in politics, in my opinion.
What was requested does not, however, form part of the final report.
No such arrangement is, however, part of the consensus.
This must not, however, prevent us from assessing the text issued by the Convention objectively, to take note of its shortcomings, contradictions and uncertainties.
We have, however, devised, in this House, a number of basic conditions that would enable people to be involved more fully.
Ever since the European Convention was set up, however, extensive negotiations and discussions have taken place across all elements of European Union society.
We can, however, establish that the Convention has achieved more than the amendments to the Treaties of Maastricht, Amsterdam and Nice together.
These shortcomings, however, are not so serious that we cannot be positive about the document.
As the work of human hands, however, it is not perfect or polished.
It is, however, necessary to make some changes to this report, as President Prodi, whose opinion I share, stated before this House.
Since we, ourselves, are not, however, able to impose it, we can only take the message on board, make it our own and genuinely try to achieve a good result, in the hope that we will all be able to be present and to contribute to the achievement of this major, important objective that is the European Constitution.
There is considerable doubt surrounding all this, however. As I stated in the minority opinion attached to the Gil-Robles-Tsatsos report, the Convention was in fact nothing more than a think-tank set up by the Council.
The principles, however, are ones on which we are all agreed.
What the Commission is proposing, however, encourages the domination of the software market by monopolies, as small software companies cannot afford disputes about patent rights.
In its short justification, the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport notes that a 'patent gives its owner the right to prevent others from commercially using his invention'. Everyone knows, however, that this right is rarely used by the inventor his or herself.
We are, however, opposed to the idea of increasing taxation on diesel consumption for individuals.
The rapporteur, however, has some piercing criticisms of the minimum tax rates agreed, the exemptions and the tax reductions provided for.
These negotiations, however, were postponed in view of the fact that the Government of Mauritius is currently reviewing the state of its salt-water fish stocks.
The crux of the matter, however, is creating, as quickly as possible, the right conditions for concluding a new multiannual agreement.
My vote in favour does not, however, mean that I agree with all the rapporteur's views.
As I stated in the debate, however, the Catalan Members of Convergencia i Unió cannot accept this position and we have stated that we will abstain.
I feel, however, that the aforesaid amendment is essentially correct in pointing out one of the weaknesses of the draft Constitution presented to the Intergovernmental Conference by the Convention.
We do, however, believe that a number of amendments to the draft are necessary.
I believe, however, that a few changes are necessary, in particular at institutional level.
The most important aspect, however, is that this Treaty represents the constitutionalisation of a liberal, pro-Nato, militarist and antisocial Europe, which is opposed to secularism, social rights, public services and the interests of the workers.
It is, however, not acceptable for the number of MEPs from Luxembourg to be cut by one-third.
In the present case, however, this principle has been breached, pure and simple.
Even in its present form, however, the Constitution contains elements that are important in terms of Europe's Christian heritage, in that the preamble refers to Europe's religious inheritance, and the Christian conception of mankind becomes one of the Constitution's important foundations through the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
There have, however, also been steps backwards such as the inclusion of Article 51(I), the declaration annexed to the Treaty, which confirms the status of religious bureaucracies too.
At precisely these times, however, the onus is on the international community to press the parties involved to opt clearly for the negotiating table and to reject the use of violence.
This will not by any means suffice, however, to get the Palestinian Authority up and running again.
We have presented the new initiative on the policy of neighbourhood relations in an enlarged Europe, which sets out all the opportunities for closer cooperation to achieve the economic and social integration of the Euro-Mediterranean region. Only progress in the context of the peace process, however, can help our partners in the region to take full advantage of the opportunities with which the European Union will continue to provide them in this field.
This is the message given to us on Saturday, in Ramallah, by President Arafat, who was visibly relieved to have the impassioned support of his people in the face of Ariel Sharon's relentless hounding of him. At the same time, however, he was extremely concerned at the increasingly intolerable situation facing his fellow countrymen.
I wish, however, to set an example and offer our assurance that we are willing to help them.
Over recent days, there has been a new representative of the European Union in the region, Mr Otte. Unfortunately, however, he has been ill-received by the Sharon side, which has refused to receive him, as it refused our other representatives, because they also wanted to see Arafat.
It may be, however, that, in actual fact, the WTO crisis which started in Seattle was only temporarily alleviated in Doha and that it re-emerged in Cancún, not by chance in relation to those same Doha issues.
Basically, the WTO has a clear structural problem: the lack of a structure organising the negotiators, leading to the absurd situation where we have a presidency which first extends negotiations, at Doha - those who were present at Doha will remember - for over 36 hours and then, however, cuts the Summit short in Cancún; then the mini-ministerial meetings, a useful pre-negotiation exercise, which, however, failed to resolve the issues; lastly, the greatest flaw - a WTO which now has 148 members and, yet, is without efficient decision-making structures.
In the event of failure, however, the reverse is true.
The agricultural mother was also there, however, since measured by the WTO yardstick, the USA and Europe are indeed the biggest purveyors of farm support.
Only up to a point, however, which was never discussed because the talks ran off the rails: there is farm support and farm support, and not all of it is disruptive of trade.
Allow me first of all to thank the two Commissioners and the President-in-Office of the Council on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party and - however strange this may sound - to congratulate them on their huge effort.
We should, however, go over a number of points of assessment with each other.
The WTO, however, should first be reorganised towards this end.
This should, however, be directly linked to aid for multifunctional agriculture.
We, however, are thinking of the interests of Europe.
Europe is certainly not responsible for this failure, however, if stopping the drift of ultraliberalism can indeed be called a failure.
I can say in all conscience, however, that if everyone had adopted the same flexible, responsible stance as the European Union there, an agreement would have been reached.
What, however, did we do to prepare for Cancún?
In the public's eyes, however, it has had the effect of raising more than ever the question of adjusting the balance between the North and the South.
I have one more thing to say, however, about those who believe that they now need to mount a campaign against the NGOs.
What we must do, however, is to seek a dialogue with the NGOs.
Madam President, we would like to thank Mr Antonione for being with us today, but what we wanted when we requested this debate was to talk to Mr Lunardi and Commissioner De Palacio: however, we have to note that neither of them is in the Chamber today, and we do not believe that this is a coincidence - rather, a clear political gesture.
Secondly, a series of debates has been launched in the individual States on the different resources, on the reference legislation, on the question of whether to focus the TEN project on rail transport or on priority objectives; ultimately, however, of all the original projects - the famous 14 - 11 have yet to be completed.
The Commission, however, and the Council even more so, are behaving like an opera chorus.
Sustainable development, however, cannot be achieved without economic and social development, full stop.
As soon as we get back to reality, however, we feel fierce anger, because what then lies ahead of us is an endless struggle.
In some cases, however, for example where bodies are concerned which the government has privatised, and which themselves have financial commitments, there is no other way.
For basic services, materials and data, however, specialist organisations must be able to recover their costs and make a reasonable charge.
Now, however, it is permissible to increase the costs by 'a reasonable' profit margin.
It is important, however, to maintain a suitable balance.
Let us not, however, overlook the existing language barriers that make such use more difficult.
Finally, I have to state that this directive constitutes an appropriate and well-balanced approach that takes account of people's and companies' interests, without however ignoring the national traditions of administration.
If we look at use of the Internet and computers today, the development of hardware and high-speed networks may be reasons for their fairly widespread use. A still more significant development is, however, the highly teaching-oriented software systems that have come onto the scene.
It is worth highlighting, however, that as far as the Commission is concerned this instrument has been used mainly by law professionals. In particular, it has been used by law firms.
It is also true, however, that universities and non-governmental organisations, for example, have made considerable use of this facility.
The question is, however, whether citizens can find them.
It is a crying shame, however, that the European Council, in particular, is defaulting.
Mr Cashman's report clearly shows, however, that there is still a very great deal to be done and that there are still serious deficiencies.
The Council seems, however, consistently to interpret Article 4 of the Regulation too restrictively, that is to say where general security is concerned.
The fact is, however, that it can now be observed that the three institutions have undergone a minor revolution when it comes to openness and public access to documents.
There is, however, still something to reflect upon in this context, namely the basic principle that it is openness that is the rule and secrecy that is the exception.
Openness and access to documents is, however, a long way from just being a question of giving people formal rights.
If the dangerous substances are, however, incorporated into the directive, it must also still be possible realistically and sustainably to apply the required minimum standards, that is to say the minimum and maximum values.
With a view to protecting the health of users and consumers, volatile organic solvents and dissolvents should not, however, be replaced by substances that are dangerous to health.
The quality and usability of products ought not, however, to suffer in the process.
I would, however, say to Mrs Corbey that this is the result of a mistake on the part of our committee.
Fortunately, however, a partial breakthrough was achieved in the field of energy for the first time.
There are, however, one or two other points I would like to endorse.
It is true, however, that there are differences of opinion at times.
I would remind you, however, that matters as they stand are governed by Article 308 of the Treaty.
For closed infringement procedures, however, the Commission has revised its practice. The documents may thus be accessed, in principle, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001.
I can also guarantee that we in the Commission will support the new Ombudsman, Mr Diamandouros, as we supported his predecessor. I cannot, however, conclude my speech without giving credit where credit is due.
Allow me, however, to say, with Scandinavian directness, that there are no doubt also certain problems in relations between the European Parliament, the Commission and the Ombudsman.
Sometimes, however, there is reluctance on the part of the institution concerned to change bad rules and practices.
It is important, however, that good legislation should be enacted at European level, particularly in such areas as environmental protection, where problems do not recognise international borders.
When you read Laura González Álvarez's report, you can, however, say that the Committee on Petitions has proved to be an excellent route to open democracy and real concrete results.
If you had been present in the House when we discussed a very important 'national' issue - the notorious situation of a French company - you would have understood that the Commission does not deal with such matters. It is, however, true that many phrases were directed at Commissioner Monti that are normally not even used in Parliament debates.
Before we are too congratulatory I would, however, draw attention to the problem of the Code of Good Administrative Behaviour.
Mr President, with regard to a Code of Good Administrative Behaviour for all three institutions, the Commission is completely in agreement. I would insist, however, that it is best for us to wait until we know what is decided at the Intergovernmental Conference.
It has no right of codecision, however. As I said a little while ago, I would insist on the need to postpone discussion of this issue for the moment.
This cooperation is, however, always subject to the legal constraints imposed on the Commission.
Sometimes, however, the Commission does not want to tread on the toes of the governments of some Member States.
What worries me, however, is that I sometimes have the same feeling about our own Parliament, for example in connection with the Prestige.
When adopting rules on the scope for commercial re-use of these documents, however, it must be ensured that it is not the market that sets prices.
Allowing the market to set prices prevents them from rising excessively high, which is positive; however, it means that access to information by certain interested parties may be impaired.
Parliament's adoption of certain excessive amendments contrary to the rapporteur's views led me, however, to abstain in the final vote, although I voted for the legislative resolution.
One must not, however, forget that the failure of the negotiations at the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference at Cancún was due to the refusal of the more-developed countries to find solutions that were fair to the developing countries.
Since then, this crisis intervention force, which was actually a virtual force and not a regular European Union army, has however been deployed in two cases, first in a small operation in Macedonia, and then also in Bunia in the Congo under mainly French leadership.
It is unclear, however, how they are passed from one to the other.
We still hope, however, that it will be possible to adopt it in the near future.
One piece of information in the explanatory statement in Mr von Wogau's report needs to be corrected, however. The legislation in force in Finland on the export of armaments is in accordance with the recommendations laid down in the UN Firearms Protocol and in the OSCE Document on Small Arms and Light Weapons.
The report being debated, however good the rapporteur's intentions may be, does not refer to these questions, or rather it conceals them.
Compared with Liechtenstein, however, it is a large country, and that is why no one dares to tackle the issue.
We should like to ask you, however, whether you can assure us that we can continue to count on the funds that are currently available.
In the end, however, it was not that.
It is a fact, however much of a cliché it may sound, that September 11 marked an important turning point in human rights.
While these may sometimes carry some of the responsibility, however, they are far from accounting for the full scale of the disaster.
A transitional charter had been laid down, however, as had an undertaking to restore democracy in Guinea-Bissau, that small and almost unknown country in the Gulf of Guinea.
The Member States, however, were never able to agree on how to transfer this special instrument, which has been in place since 1958, to the budget.
Nevertheless, it is the Commission that is responsible for the administration of the Fund. Here too, however, different rules apply to those used for other foreign policy instruments.
Just as important as this window of opportunity, however, are the considerations that I shall now set out.
This is a very special sector which we do, however, consider could benefit from a critical review of its existing regulatory framework.
I do however entirely agree with the Commission that self-regulation cannot be used as a shield against the market and should not put consumers at a disadvantage.
When it comes to issues like safety, freedom and health, however, professional services mean having qualifications and levels of education that are certainly out of the ordinary and, in any case, not within everyone's grasp.
Let me say straight away, however, that the Italian Presidency does not intend there to be any overlap with the spring European Council.
When tackling this extremely sensitive issue, however, we will always bear in mind that the need for security and controls must not jeopardise our citizens’ right to privacy.
First and foremost, however, we need to strengthen the institution of asylum, which is an integral part of our humanitarian tradition but which seems to be coming under heavy fire from public opinion in many countries.
Courtesy is not, however, the most common feature of this Parliament.
I am however in agreement, and I think it is a good idea, with the common management of borders.
They should – also in principle – be eligible for part-funding by borrowing because they will benefit future generations, on the condition, however, that we do not allow debt to get out of control.
We also know, however, that major problems still exist elsewhere, for example in western Africa, where various fires are smouldering.
At the same time, however, we in the Committee on Legal Affairs realised that, in order for the Commission's proposals to come to fruition, it would be necessary to provide a constitutional framework suited to this issue.
It is, however, important for this impact assessment to be carried out by an independent body.
In the area of legislation, however, the co-legislators – Parliament and the Council – should be given a central role.
If, however, the results are not satisfactory, Parliament can intervene and claim, and indeed exercise, its right as co-legislator.
It seems however, that only four were completed.
We should not be doing at European level what should in fact be done at a national level, however exactly you define that.
We must, however, be aware that the quality of international agreements – in particular those relating to space – depends on the quality of scientific, industrial and also financial support.
The quality of human resources and basic research, however, warrants greater attention.
I do hope, however, that this integration will not call into question the independent competences of the space agency in its role as programme coordinator and leader.
We feel, however, that it focuses too much on military applications, which are not the intended aim of this policy.
Mr President, Commissioner, few but honourable Members, however important the development of the space policy of the European Union is, its orientation is equally important.
Admittedly, this industry is under intense pressure from its competitors. Perhaps, however, its problems originate in the promotion of corporate profit as the driving force, in liberalism, competitiveness and the free market which prohibit non-military public aid?
Although the report by the Committee on Industry which we are examining contains a series of correct findings and proposals, such as acknowledging the role of the European Space Agency, the reference to the need to promote research and international cooperation, however, adopts the military use of space and goes too far.
Seeking to achieve this aim does not, however, mean that we have to react in a schizophrenic way by believing that there is a difference between civilian and military research.
I am, however, happy to support Mr Schmidt's amendment.
The situation was such, however, that the amendments tabled by our group had simply not received any support from other groups.
We will not, however, be supporting the Social Democrats’ amendments, either in committee or in plenary, as these things have to be dealt with where they belong.
It is crucial, however, that some amendments be introduced to improve the text of this report, emphasising legal certainty and, above all, highlighting the role which workers in the merging undertakings should play.
The Commission is, however, I am afraid, unable to accept the various amendments tabled.
We do, however, have very strong views about the nature of any agreements made by the EU.
I would like to remind you, however, that the Commission should take account of certain important aspects of these agreements.
If the efforts of the new Palestinian Government are to bear fruit, however, it is vitally important for it to be able to count first and foremost on the support of the Israeli Government.
Instead of feeling sorry for ourselves, however, we must look to the future, find out why we have failed and take remedial action.
On the Palestinian side, the government seems to believe in the two-state solution, which means accepting the creation of a Palestinian state on the 1967 land; among the people and opposition groups, however, rejection of this solution is gaining ground.
We also say, however, that the ‘selective murder’ response, as Mr Solana has said – the policy of ‘an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth’ – does not help to make peace possible.
The issue is that we must go down the road to peace, however difficult and dangerous it proves.
He also states, however, that currently the way forward seems to lead into a maze from which there appears to be no way out.
I have too much love and respect, however, for my group’s chairman, Mr Wurtz, who has asked me to speak, and for my colleagues, but, most of all, a symbolic gesture might not work here and so I will have to use words.
That was the idea at Oslo and the idea that has been nurtured up to now. I do not believe, however, that this gradual approach is working any more.
Clearly, however, we can only conclude that what is happening is a response to attacks that society would normally be unable to tolerate but which have, however, become the daily bread of Israeli society.
I am sure, however, that we all agree on our dislike of walls such as the so-called security wall.
This right must, however, be tempered by the rule of law.
I would rather not have waited until Mr Barón Crespo’s speech, however, to hear express condemnation of Israel’s violation of Syria’s territorial sovereignty.
What we are seeing at the moment, however, is the modest and slow nature of the initial reaction from Damascus, which has undeniably brought the global weakness of Syria’s current position to the fore.
A wall dividing one nation in two and a wall that aims to create a border, even if the border is completely open to argument, cannot, however, be considered to be the same thing.
We would remind you, however, that more should have been done, as we proposed.
The amount now approved, however, is clearly insufficient given the costs of the direct damages, more than EUR 1.3 billion, and, in particular, given the total costs of the eligible damages, around EUR 104.3 million.
Evidently, however, it cannot reverse the general trend.
In view of current liberalisation processes and the extent of market integration, however, there has been strong pressure to amend Regulation No 4064/89, which was seen to be too restrictive of the need to create strong business groups that could compete internationally.
For us, it is, however, these very things that go to the heart of the general interest.
Many of the rapporteurs’ amendments were aimed, however, at softening the Commission’s proposals, with the justification that concentrations between undertakings are entirely lawful in themselves and cannot be compared with cartels.
No matter how noble the goals may be, however, the ends cannot justify the means.
These causes must not, however, serve to mask the influence of these insecticides.
We would, however, like to hear about the prospects for a crucial sector.
The debates, however, have seen a clear convergence of opinion.
Casting my mind back, however, I notice that we still have problems with the old bathing water directive.
The sampling frequency recommended by the Commission is not, however, sufficient and undercuts the current arrangements in Denmark.
Having said this, however, I believe that here also we must apply a cost-benefit analysis and not try to use a sledgehammer to crack nuts.
It does not, however, adequately meet the obligations under the Kyoto Protocol.
The point has already been made that the programme, which generally applies to higher education institutions and students from across the world that have gained a first degree, must, however, also take account of vocational training, such as technical courses for engineers and higher technicians, which are included in the category of ‘higher education institutions’, and for which appropriate proposals are to be drawn up.
We have to remember, however, that skills and know-how should not be lured here at the expense of third countries.
The problem, however, is the digital divide, which probably affects about one third of our population.
I believe each Member State’s particular situation and know-how must be taken into account. In addition, however, I feel it is important to allow sufficient time.
We happen not to agree on the subject. It is, however, a shame to make a hotchpotch in a directive that has harmonisation and improvement of safety as its main objective.
Clearly, it is important to ensure trains can travel freely across all Member States. In my view, however, many other conditions still remain to be met for railways to regain their rightful status and be able to compete with road transport.
It should be borne in mind, however, that eventually agreement will need to be reached with the Council concerning deadlines and authorised applicants.
The Commission has, however, given an undertaking to Parliament and to the Council to present a proposal on opening up passenger transport to competition.
I can, however, provide an assurance that the text on opening up passenger transport to competition will be presented before the end of the year.
This represents a considerable challenge. It is a challenge that must be met, however, if Europe is to have a balanced and sustainable transport system.
The external cost of road transport, however, is not borne by carriers, which has been to their advantage, and the road network has received massive amounts of public investment.
I do find it alarming, however, to read about what has been happening in the Council, to learn how little approval and support there is for the position adopted by the Commission.
I should also like to warn, however, that in so doing we must not hinder a number of countries from liberalising freight transport.
For that to be the case, however, a great deal will have to change.
This, however, is a bogus argument that the Dutch Government hides behind when continually blocking the matter.
Unfortunately, however, the Netherlands is conducting a policy of obstruction in this matter, one that is dictated by its own plans to provide the port of Rotterdam with a modern connection to the Ruhr area via the extortionate and environmentally damaging Betuwe Line, from which, however, not a single European country stands to derive any economic benefit.
In the period between the debate at first reading and this debate, however, the facts have demonstrated that it is still too soon to support Mr Jarzembowski’s high-speed rail system.
Let us first concentrate on freight transport, however, as that surging flow needs to be put on the railways urgently.
As I have already had occasion to emphasise, however, we need to fight against a very widely-held prejudice: liberalising rail transport does not mean that safety standards cannot be stepped up.
A number of different approaches were put forward. Everyone seems to agree, however, that this is the last opportunity to give a real boost to the rail sector.
Such an extension, however, is without prejudice to the aim of full transmission of all data by 30 June 2005.
In itself, however, having more statistical information is no bad thing.
We are, however, able to support fire prevention activity.
This amount, however, is insufficient and that is why we support the request for appropriations totalling EUR 230 million.
The overall budget of EUR 33 million proposed for the programme by the Council, however, is not satisfactory.
While the European institutions set great store, however, by programmes presented as being at the forefront of progress, the education of working class children, even at elementary level, is in decline everywhere in Europe.
I would make one exception, however: such cooperation cannot involve any interference with the freedom of Member States to determine the content of educational programmes, otherwise for dialogue between cultures will be replaced with a single mode of thought.
It is not, however, important that the EU should have a directive regulating the quality of bathing water.
Now that many people are bathing and swimming in lakes and seas far from home, however, there is good cause to introduce international safety standards.
This, however, is the joint responsibility of the EU, its Member States, the regions and local authorities.
As I feel that the text is too intrusive and fails to show sufficient respect for the principle of subsidiarity, however, I was unable to support it overall in the final vote.
Over and above the simple regulatory aspect, we have, however, a duty to reflect upon alternative models of development and production.
Mr Lange was, however, luckier than Mr Schulz, because the film was a remake of ‘Gone with the Wind’, because of the resemblance between Mr Lange and Clark Gable.
Before we say a definitive ‘yes’, however, we attach a number of conditions: the ones set out in the budgetary resolutions and in the resolution by Parliament itself.
That last point still leaves something to be desired, however, especially regarding the pilot projects and the preparatory actions.
In the domain of support for rural areas, however, you will be voting on Thursday to determine whether you propose that the amount laid down in the financial programming should be exceeded.
In the case of the Council, however, progress has been anything but satisfactory, and I wish to take this opportunity to appeal once again to the Council to make every effort to ensure that, at the next trilogue session, we are able to foresee when the relevant legislation can be adopted.
As regards the Mulder report, however, we retain the amendments consequent upon our group’s position.
It is clear, however, that vaccines also have to be used to achieve lasting prevention of animal diseases.
It is our opinion, however, that the main share of this – EUR 100 million approximately – should be financed out of the flexibility instrument, as otherwise Parliament’s priorities would run into trouble.
I would however like to concentrate on a number of difficulties, because some do still remain.
That, I think, would be a strong political signal at a time when Sharon’s policy is aimed, above all, at delegitimising the claims to a Palestinian state, without which, however, no peace will be possible.
Is the basic problem, however, that of the amount of the aid, whether it be EUR 200 million or EUR 500 million?
As long, however, as the sovereignty of the Iraqi people is scorned, none of the problems will be resolved.
Does not, however, the Commission wish, in this way, to have a stranglehold on the implementation of this Habitat directive, which does not fall within its competence?
When that day comes, however, will we in this House still be able to complete a discussion on the matter in two hours as well as take a vote on EUR 100 billion’s worth of spending?
We still realise, however, there will be many difficulties ahead as regards the day-to-day running of an EU with 25 Member States, particularly where translation and interpretation are concerned.
I would like to say something on another fundamental issue, however: immigration.
The Commission has since presented reports on the activities, but it is, however, unfortunate that these do not make clear what has happened and who is responsible.
At the moment, however, our actions are subject to imponderables.
I have heard, however, that the Commission is planning such a ban for poultry too.
There are, however, some factual errors in the point that you make.
It was not appropriate at this stage, however, to extend insurance cover to injuries sustained by pedestrians and cyclists as a result of accidents in which they were involved, because this is an even more sensitive area and I think it may need to be regulated by a specific measure.
My assessment of the proposal is therefore positive; we must be careful, however, not to go too far and produce results that are counterproductive for those same citizens whom we wish to protect and help.
It has still not been effective enough, however, in combating violence against women.
In the latter scenario, however, the possible negative effects on the people of such sanctions must be carefully assessed.
Mrs Smet’s report points out several ideas which I believe would be very useful in terms of working with third countries with regard to the protection of women’s rights, but it is the case that we lack one of the instruments, which is, precisely, the possibility for women to seek protection within our borders, within the framework of our legal protection, something which is, however, available in other situations which are clearly comparable with those suffered by women.
That is not, however, something that we should debate here and now.
The priority, however, is that women are able to use all resources so that they can enjoy their fundamental rights without any discrimination.
It is true, however, as Commissioner Barnier has pointed out, that in many situations regions and national governments have adopted a number of devices in order to certify 100% expenditure and avoid losing the funds.
Mr van Dam, I do not, however, share your feelings regarding the results of this Structural Funds policy.
As at first reading, the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party will not, however, vote for Amendment No 4 tabled by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance asking for a re-evaluation of the authorisation of aspartame.
The assessment of risks is, however, being made ever more complex and problematic by increases in the depth of processing and in the diversity of the procedures and additives used, while, at the same time, legislation becomes out of date more quickly.
The Commission, however, is not in a position to accept any of the other proposed amendments, for the reasons set out below.
These amounts, however, seem too high where there only one or few victims are involved in an accident.
Thank God, however, this liberal and proactive policy has borne fruit.
We felt obliged to take note of this problem collectively without, however, interfering in the decision-making independence of the individual Member States.
There are some, however, who would now like to raise the figure for a qualified majority to 66% of the population.
There will, however, be a Commissioner from each country, because a number of countries cannot get the Constitution accepted without national Commissioners.
As well as taking humanitarian measures, however, the States and the European Union have a duty to send a firm, clear, severe warning to the politicians of the immigrants’ countries of provenance, who bear the heavy moral responsibility for not combating this trafficking of human flesh, as it is the duty of all civilised countries to do.
The Commission document on the European growth initiative only refers, however, to redeploying existing appropriations and does not mention a single extra euro.
The work of the IGC, however, dominates the agenda, and we therefore feel that this is a good opportunity to call to mind the huge political responsibility incumbent on the Italian Presidency and the governmental representatives who are currently working towards an agreement on revising the Treaties.
The further off that day is, however, Mr President, the harsher the awakening will be.
We do know, however, most fortunately, that this colonisation of Europe will not take place without the citizens reacting to it in a legitimate, sound and healthy way.
It is clear, however, Mr President—in-Office of the Council, that without difficult goals no summit is worth climbing.
I would remind you, however, that during this period, the Italian Presidency has endeavoured to discharge its responsibilities.
We cannot accept compromises which reduce the European Union’s ability to make decisions and to make them swiftly and efficiently; we therefore cannot conceive that the defence of individual national interests – which is, however, right and understandable – could stop us having a constituent result necessary to consolidate the integration of Europe which is enlarging and uniting with an ever growing number of new Member States.
Let us remember, however, that, although they are necessary, the structural reforms which Mr Fiori rightly mentioned in his speech do not suffice.
I would like to inform you of something which our President said at the opening of proceedings this morning, when, however, not all the MEPs were present in the Chamber.
The formal adoption of this regulation can only take place, however, when a decision is adopted authorising the Member States to ratify the Hague Convention of 1996, in the interest of the Community.
I do not, however, have any truck with the federalist thinking underpinning this report.
I disagree with the rapporteur, however, when she seeks to base her arguments on Article 24(2) of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
My question, however, is this: is the Union able and willing to be considered a global power?
It is also fair to say that however much we improve the institutional arrangements – and this was a point touched on by the presidency – we cannot pay the bills with institutional arrangements.
It also means, however, that Europe has to take up its own responsibilities.
It does, however, benefit from having a confident partner with its own vision.
Mr Brok believes that it is, however, now necessary to redefine Europe's role and, perhaps, to take advantage of the political crisis sparked by the war to make the Union a credible and powerful political actor on the foreign policy stage.
Most fortunately, however, these pipe dreams remain laughable and have still not been realised to any extent whatsoever.
It has to be said, however, that we are still a long way from a situation where the EU could offer its Member States guarantees of military security.
There is one point, however, that I do wish to address, which is the issue of parliament’s rights in the field of foreign policy.
I do have some reservations, however, about the report’s more extreme demands.
I believe, however, that in terms of conducting its external policy, any community would benefit from demonstrating as much unity as possible.
I do not, however, share the view that the credibility of the EU’s foreign and security policy is dependent upon the EU’s military resources.
Among the positive points I can, however, mention the fact that the Russian Federation has recently joined the so-called ‘Bologna process’, a collaboration mechanism that promotes agreement on academic titles and the harmonisation of university curricula.
Russia’s incomparable wealth with regard to forests, however, as well as Siberia’s reserves of precious and colour metals, for example, will also be one of the reasons for Russia’s rise over the coming years, the other being its high achievements in the sciences and high levels of skill and know-how.
Our attempts at cooperation with Russia, however, must not be allowed to eclipse the fact that we now insist on better compliance with human rights and the freedom of speech than before in Russia.
I have, however, to give voice to some disappointment too, Mr Berlusconi.
The point of departure must, however, be self-determination on the part of the people.
The way in which this is done, however, fills us with disgust.
Nevertheless, although we shall certainly talk about this point – that is, the involvement of a broad spectrum of Chechen civil society in the constitutional process – at the summit with the Russian Federation, I must also make it just as clear that there can never be any justification of any kind for those individuals – however many of them there may be – who commit terrorist acts or use themselves as human bombs to kill innocent civilians.
In light of this, there are two options: either Parliament asks the Council Presidency to present a document on behalf of the European Union when not all of the Members of the EU agree – and this is the first option – or it must be clearly stated that Italy, even holding the Presidency of the European Union, can present a resolution even without the consensus of some Member States – without this, however, being seen as a grave violation of the spirit of cohesion in the European Union that we must demonstrate.
I can, however, say, Mr Ebner, that, in the course of the work of the Intergovernmental Conference, no one presented these ideas.
On the other hand, however, as regards the violation of human rights and the sentences that have been inflicted by the Cuban Government, the European Union has, as you are aware, expressed a specific position unanimously and with the support of Parliament.
While this is being achieved, however, we must confront the inescapable reality of the situation, and we do so condemning the terrorist violence of Palestinian factions, as well the Israelis’ use of excessive military force against the Palestinian people.
The Middle East conflict, however, is not unrelated to all these problems and we are all concerned about this conflict and this problem.
Where I disagree with the report, however, is the second part, in which it wishes to propose what the second and third phase of this application will be.
The violence of resistance and that of oppression cannot, however, be directly compared with one another because they are two different things.
Here, however, you are offering peace: not work, nor even dignity.
It is for the sake of balance that I will be voting against most of the amendments, not, for example, because I approve of the Israeli raid into Syria, but because I would have liked those who denounce it here and now to condemn the horrific attack in Haifa – which caused nineteen deaths – with the same virtuous indignation. Nothing has been said about this, however, or about the anti-Semitic words of the Malaysian Prime Minister, which are scandalous and unprecedented at this level.
I would like to point out, however, that what was passionately refused yesterday is being demanded passionately today: the 1967 borders, the division of Palestine into two or the Clinton criteria.
I personally am, however, a pacifist and prefer to see non-violent methods used even against an occupying power.
Over the past few years, however, we have had the impression that manufacturing industry had rather been forgotten, with all attention being given to the service sector or new information and communication technologies.
It would, however, be desirable not to stop at the sectoral analysis but to use it as a basis for sectoral action.
Since then, our industrial policy ambitions have, however, fallen short because only the commercial approach, that of competition and free trade, has prevailed, and I concede that this has brought benefits.
One of the results, in the context of the far-reaching and inevitable industrial changes we are experiencing, has, however, been a complete failure to anticipate their effects, especially in terms of employment, and the waves of collective redundancies we are seeing everywhere in the Europe of the Fifteen bear witness to that, as has just been underlined.
In order to guarantee the maintenance of this fabric, it is not sufficient, however, to guarantee the smooth operation, for example, of the internal market, or to implement a commercial policy which ensures the opening up of third country markets in a reciprocal fashion, or to implement an industrial policy which takes account of the specific needs of the different sectors, however important all this may be.
The most eagerly-awaited and most important step forward is, however, the desire now to adopt a binding legislative strategy, at Community level, to actively realise the Tampere policy objectives.
This freedom of movement can only be exercised, however, if the Union also adopts all measures necessary to protect its citizens, especially if they fall victim to a crime, irrespective of their nationality within the EU and also irrespective of the Member State where they fall victim to a crime.
The Schengen system, which we applaud, makes it easier, however, for criminal gangs to move freely around the European Union where they can exploit the divergences between Member States' legislation.
I have however, along with my colleague Mr Liese, in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, tabled supplementary amendments aimed at clarifying the text.
At the same time, however, we need to develop action at the level of informing and raising the awareness of the public.
There are, however, two aspects which the European Union should regulate in this framework.
We need to ascertain the effects on the cod populations in the Irish Sea and the North Sea of the extraction of more than a million tonnes of fish of species other than cod, but which are, however, a source of food for cod.
We must, however, look beyond the regulation to other means of helping cod recovery and of moving to sustainable fisheries overall.
Like Mrs Stihler, however, I believe there must be greater flexibility.
Two types of consideration cast a serious shadow, however, over the scientific rigour and objectivity of this analysis.
This has been impossible, however, due to the lack of a legal base.
This is not easy to draft, however, because it seeks to discriminate, in a very clumsy way, between the supposedly ‘integrationist’ political parties and the others, but also between the strictly European political parties and those that, from a national base, work at European level.
Unfortunately for the federalists, however, this text is still a long way from being adopted.
Adoption of Amendment No 338 would, however, be nothing more than an empty gesture, since the EU would still be legally obliged to provide the aid.
The citizens of those Member States that contribute the most, however, such as France, will never see any of it.
For years, however, European policy has focused on solely on performance, profit and sustainable development.
I disagree with this committee, however, over the composition of the agency. The committee opposes the inclusion, on the agency’s Administrative Board, of Council representatives drawn from the whole range of the Member States.
The trade in human organs and tissues is legitimate, however, when it is destined for medical purposes, within a very tight and strictly regulated framework.
The fact that the Vice-President of the Commission, responsible for external relations, chairs the Council of Foreign Ministers does not, however, apparently raise objections on anyone’s part.
In practice, it states, however, that this policy of the European Union ‘will depend ultimately on … its military capabilities, and on a readiness … to deploy them’.
I would distance myself, however, from the spectre of a CFSP seeking to operate under a qualified majority system, under a Super-Minister for Foreign Affairs, under a Directory, even if that spectre is masked by enhanced cooperation.
To my great regret, I had, however, to abstain from voting on this report, for, once more, it tends to put everything on the same level: the Palestinian terrorist attacks and the Israeli military responses.
Then, however, the extremes on both sides saw another chance to sow the seeds of hatred.
The documents with which we are here concerned take us, however, into a virtual world or ideological construction glorifying the market.
We wish, however, to emphasise that we are opposed to the harmonisation of income tax.
According to the rapporteur, however, everything is, apparently, more or less for the best, given that it stimulates ‘competitiveness’.
Once again it is being proven that the adversary, however strong he may appear, is not invincible.
It is just as important, however, to take measures to achieve a more effective use of national inspection and surveillance resources in selected fisheries or population units.
We would draw attention, however, to the high costs of using new technology, which is important in this area and in improving inspection and vigilance measures.
As such use of new technology may require very substantial investment, however, sufficient funding must be provided in the Community budget, and support must be given to Member States needing it.
At the same time, however, I should like to pledge my support for the Commission’s policy in this matter, as it is important that we establish a better grip on fleet size, possibly even with regard to going over from smaller to larger vessels in our fleets.
As regards Mrs McKenna’s comment regarding the additional authorisation granted to the Netherlands for 2003, I would respond that the Commission did indeed accept an increase in their pelagic segments, subject to the condition, however, that they respect the commitments we have all made in this non-Atlantic zone, with a view to ensuring that the quotas laid down are not exceeded.
To date, however, the Commission has failed to respond to the question concerning the effect of the reform on employment.
I would take the liberty of emphasising, however, that this condiment enhances food consumption across the world and, since it is a product which is good for health, there is increasing demand for it.
The same does not apply, however, to olive oil and to cotton, where the aim is not to restructure nor to convert or guide production or producers to other products.
The European Union suspended aid to Burundi in January 1997. Aid was reinstated, however, following the response to the peace negotiations.
That does not alter the fact, however, that we have a political responsibility towards their oppressors.
To some politicians, however, and sadly also some fellow MEPs, that means that we have to do business first and foremost, and that we should just mention human rights, but on no account focus attention on them too much.
At the same time, however, we have to think about what we can do for the people of Turkmenistan.
We are still finding ourselves disappointed on many counts, however: legal procedures, freedom of the press, and also freedom of organisation.
In spite of this situation, however, it is important to maintain dialogue with Turkmenistan in order to avoid totally isolating the country, which in our opinion and in the current circumstances would probably be even worse from the point of view of respect for human rights, which we promote.
We do not disagree with controls on the fishing capacity of the fleet; however, we do not agree that they should be carried out by the common fisheries policy as expressed under the multi-annual guidance programmes.
Above all, however, how is it possible to mix rogue and democratic states on a list of states that allegedly threaten the peace?
It is not a bad thing, however, that people know what Europe thinks.
What we, and many sides, are describing means, however, that one already has.
At the moment, however, the two countries are talking to each other and I think that they will reach an outcome sooner or later.
I would, however, urge you to evaluate the progress in regular personal dialogue with me as we often did last year.
The point of departure for the proposal, however, will still be the Convention’s draft, and it will seek to achieve compromises that are at least as ambitious and worthy as those put forward by the Convention.
On the political side of things, quite frankly, the proceedings of the Intergovernmental Conference have not, however, to date brought any progress at all.
As taxpaying citizens, we pay billions to the EU’s numerous information offices which then, however, use the money for propaganda rather than for providing genuine information.
At the same time, however, there was a guarantee that the qualified minority needed to block decisions could not be achieved by a few big Member States, such as the Mediterranean bloc, by forming an alliance.
Regrettably, however, the instruments for achieving these objectives of the European Union are extremely weak.
I do, however, accept and support the current text, which represents enormous progress, in both form and content, and which heralds a new era of European constitutionalism.
Within that regulation, however, we succeeded in reinserting sustainable development, accompanied by social and environmental objectives.
The Commission is also aware, however, that that support and that commitment cannot be seen as a blank cheque.
The switch from one budgetary approach to another may, however, cause serious financial difficulties, the consequences of which could prove to be drastic for the Europe of culture, youth and education if the joint legislators do not reach an agreement as soon as possible.
In this case, however, the best is the enemy of the good, especially if those additions compromise the whole thing in the eyes of the Council.
I should like, however, to explain to you that the Commission has already begun to phase out preferential collaboration activities with independent networks such as FIME.
I very much regret, however, Commissioner, the time pressure we are under, for which we are not responsible.
We now find, however, that two of the reports are giving us serious problems.
The Commission, however, because it cares about bodies involved in youth, education and culture, did not choose the easy way out. It chose the difficult way.
This last point is still rather vague, however, since the form that this management might take is not set out in any of the regulation’s articles and yet is, I believe, a crucial matter.
In order, however, for these measures to be truly effective, I call on the Member States to ensure that they are not themselves the cause of some illegal activity.
Taken as a whole, however, we believe the text provides a good working basis for more structured and better coordinated cooperation with third countries in the field of immigration.
I am afraid, however, that it is too late and that the European arrest warrant will enter into force in a European climate marked by reluctance and delays in implementation on the part of the Member States.
I am, however, concerned that a gap in control will come about.
I want, however, right now to sound a warning.
Although the bulk of the PPE Group is for discharge, there are, however, some concerns that we would like to lay on the table for the future.
There is, however, one aspect of a general nature that I believe warrants particular mention.
I regret to note, however, that this support is not as strong in the final version of Mrs Honeyball's report as adopted by the ECON Committee.
I believe we also need a change of heart for the sake of the consumer, however, because we really do have a patchwork of tax legislation.
Let circulation tax, however, be considered nationally, as it does not upset the functioning of the market.
We do, however, need safety-based tax concessions without delay.
The real reason for this situation, however, lies mainly in the unequal tax policies applied in each of the Union’s Member States.
We can, however, imagine a few exceptions, and one such is environmental tax, which is one of the things being indirectly proposed in this case.
We must never forget, however, that from the environmental point of view and also for geopolitical reasons, the final objective must be to replace current fuels with non-contaminating and non-conflicting sources of energy.
It should be noted, however, that the European Parliament on an earlier occasion supported proposals by the Commission to eliminate double taxation, but the Council has not as yet approved it.
Taxation on use, however, must also be reasonable, and the overall burden of taxation of motoring must not be allowed to become too great.
Our greatest asset, however, is the people of Lithuania who, regrettably, have been through too much suffering.
Presently, however, we are a model for the whole of the region.
There is no truth, however, that one learns by comparing and I admit that Lithuania and other post-Communist states are moving towards membership in the European Union in the face of a big gap in economic development between 'old' and 'new' Europe.
This document, however, still needs to be amended and made more precise.
If we have joined-up policy-making, however, we will have a long-term, sustainable future for automotive manufacture in Europe.
The second case, Commissioner, is, however, for Europe to deal with, as it has to do with a failure to consult the European Works Council in this matter.
It is not, however, for Ford to solve this; it is a task for the Belgian Government.
In my view, however, the government has a role to play here, as do the European authorities, which certainly have a coordinating task.
It will also, however, mean something for the present Member States.
This must not, however, mean that we do not put forward proposals in new areas, for example in the area of the working environment in response, for example, to atypical jobs.
In that case, we must, however, tell ourselves that, no, this is not the case.
It is all very well pointing the finger at other countries, however; but we also have examples of women being seriously short-changed in our own countries.
I am also of the opinion, however, that we ourselves must keep hammering on about gender equality and that we must keep a very close eye on it.
It would not seem, however, that we will achieve this without an interim stage, with the EU, the Member States and the political parties actively involved in working jointly on behalf of equality.
The outcome would, however, have been a lopsided list if we had not adopted regulations committing ourselves to having a list divided equally between both sexes.
Why, however, are young women in particular not interested in politics?
I must underline the need, however, for greater participation by women in the social and political life of every country and in the EP.
The attempts to contribute financially to actions that will help to improve education and training conditions are, however, to be welcomed, especially if they take account of the seriousness of early school leaving in some countries, such as Portugal, ongoing illiteracy, the need to end child labour and to promote education and training.
The report deals, however, with a proposal from the Commission intended as a further step in the slow development of a European legal area.
I do not agree, however, with the uncritical tone the report adopts towards the neoliberal policies advocated in the so-called ‘Lisbon Strategy’ and in the ‘guidelines for employment’, consequently sweeping under the carpet the main causes of inequality and social injustice, of which women are the main victims.
I regret the fact, however, that the text is unable to resist the temptation to indulge in feminist rhetoric and populism, in the guise of supposedly neutral language.
It is, however, particularly hypocritical to cause wage earners who purchase cars, including the most ordinary ones, to bear the penalties for pollution.
The recommendation states that there has been no organised policy in this area. It has, however, happened that women have been sterilised against their will.
At the same time, however, these tools must be cheap and accessible to everyone.
Everyone had hoped for much more, however, at both Community and national level, particularly in my country – Portugal – which suffers from serious social problems, the highest rate of poverty in the European Union, many forms of discrimination and has seen cuts in fundamental public investment in areas such as education and health.
Despite the fact that a large proportion of the policy for the disabled – particularly its medical component – is national policy, it is, however, the case that employment policy, social exclusion policy and internal market policy are of key importance to people with disabilities.
Following this, however, a broad directive must be adopted immediately, not only in the form of studies.
Mr President, Commissioner, opportunity has been taken of the European Year of People with Disabilities to express numerous proposals and to formulate interesting ideas. Generally speaking, we have a wealth of material before us which, however, needs to be mastered if we want to have an integrated policy on people with disabilities.
To close, I should like to congratulate you on the initiative which you have taken and on the programme which you have announced; however, both I and my fellow Members would say that, if it is to be successful, it needs to be integrated straight away and to include legislative measures.
Allow me too, however, to express my disappointment at some sort of criticism which was voiced.
Because the majority of the committee differs from the majority in Parliament and because the right is considerably over-represented, the opinion took, however, a form I was unable to accept.
I should, however, have liked to have seen the time limit removed from the Commission’s proposal.
Secondly, however, men and women are not on an equal footing where embryonic stem cells are concerned.
This is not, however, what we are here to discuss.
We must emphasise, however, that this is not the real issue.
Above all, however, I am against this for reasons of principle, because I am against any research which involves destroying a life, however incipient it may be and however noble the intended aims of this research are.
Because, however many time limits we set, however many ethical principles we establish to justify this research, the destruction of an embryonic life represents a clear violation of the most fundamental of these principles, these principles which we say we defend and which we do defend: respect for human life and the dignity it deserves.
The Commission does, however, have some difficulties with those amendments that seek to remove the 27 June 2002 cut-off date for the creation of supernumerary embryos, as proposed by the Commission on 9 July.
The Commission cannot however accept Amendments 2, 3, 5, 10, 11, 16 and 19, in particular because they seek to remove the date fixed for the reasons that I have just explained.
Mr Nisticò, the amendments that you have tabled here are not entirely neutral, however, and this also answers Mrs McNally’s question.
Forms of public intervention, be they tax advantages or direct subsidies, must not, however, influence what types of subsidy are approved nor the permitted intensity of aid granted.
This is an agreeable proposal, but the European governments should, however, create the right climate for industry to be able to gain a permanent foothold in Europe and to re-invest, particularly in development and in R[amp]D. This also applies to a great extent to small and medium-size enterprises.
On the other hand, however, there are also extremely dangerous points in keeping with the more general policy of commercialising everything.
Mrs Matikainen, however, you rightly stressed the role of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Seeing so many friendly and familiar faces here this evening, however, I am also reminded that we perhaps make up in sheer intelligence and talent for the lack of numbers that we are able to muster this evening, merry gang of telecoms specialists that we are.
I will go back over Mrs Read’s proposals in a little more detail because as regards these very technical subjects, which are, however, of financial interest to the European territorial authorities – and I am speaking as someone from the Auvergne, moreover – these proposals help to ensure that the information society is not left in the hands of one or two monopolies.
As the rapporteur for this subject, however, I would like to speak about TENs in general.
I only received verbal assurances from the Commission, however, that the change Parliament desires will in fact be what the Commission pushes for in the Council.
It must, however, be remembered that they emit more nitrogen oxides and particulates, which are a serious threat to public health.
Even if it is important as a matter of principle to stand up for the right of individual nations to determine their taxes, this principle should not, however, be honoured to the point at which it becomes counterproductive.
That should not, however, be a reason to reject the proposal, but rather a reason for improving it.
This time – this once, I hope – I must however inform you that the majority of the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party do not share her conclusions.
This does not mean, however, that there can now be complete harmonisation of fuel taxation even if this is spread over time.
The Commission must view the possible rejection of this proposal, however, as a spur for drawing up a new draft that takes account of the suggestions and proposals made in the European Parliament, respecting the immediate interest of the citizens and contributing to overcoming the inevitable resistance of some Member States.
The recovery is still fragile, however, as I said, and we need to speed up implementation of the Lisbon agenda and continue our structural reforms.
It has to be said, however, that the workload has been extremely heavy this year and the Commission has not been able to complete all the tasks it set itself.
As a citizen, however, he is entitled to make known his vision of the future of Europe.
It has, however, been very difficult for the Internal Audit Service to establish what really went on in Eurostat.
Mr Prodi has, however, conceded that Mr Solbes became guilty through having taken no action.
Up until now, however, zero tolerance has been shown first and foremost to those who have revealed fraud and warned against the accounting system that permits it.
My question, however, is this: what kind of signals is this group to pick up?
At the moment, however, we are utterly disappointed.
The concept of citizenship, however, demands and requires the existence of a Parliament as a .
I do not believe, however, that the outstanding issues before us today can ever be adequately dealt with without an ordered system of political and legislative control.
What we can do, however, is learn lessons from it.
Let us make sure, however diverse our opinions are on the years to come, that over the next several weeks we work together, in the interests of the public, to deliver the first and necessary challenge of a constitutional Europe.
It is the case, however, that no committee or group has made an amendment to reject the proposal.
Surrounding what appears to be a technical programme and its instruments, however, are doubts concerning the attempt to open the way to federalism, to promote European integration and to create the idea of ‘a European public administration’ in addition to the underlying objectives.
Admittedly, that was back in 1985. Subsequently, however, the oil tanker suffered a terrorist attack.
The House called for a high level of security for both passengers and crew. As the Commissioner stated, however, it was following the tragic events of 11 September that the International Maritime Organisation called for new measures.
Mr Jarzembowski has, however, brought all his considerable powers of persuasion to bear.
It is remarkable, however, that the EU is able to lay down detailed rules for all and sundry in many situations, but has proved unable to do so in this case, where job quality is concerned.
The compromise honed in the conciliation procedure is, however, acceptable in this respect.
If this is adopted, however, we shall be promoting negative globalisation and social disintegration.
I do believe, however, that what remains may lead to social dumping.
We did not succeed in obtaining this, but we do have a directive that refers to subsidiarity, to what the Member States could have done, however, and that lays down reference criteria for authorisation which fully protect social, security and environment rules.
Without the directive, however, the Wild West would have been a lot wilder
This will, however, also depend on whether conditions in Iraq have in fact improved and on the prospects for implementation by UN bodies, NGOs and Iraqi ministries.
As I said, however, the partners through which we are channelling money are primarily the United Nations and the World Bank.
How will the Commission, however, ensure that women in less developed countries also enjoy an essential human right, the right to make decisions about their own bodies and the right also to make choices regarding abortion?
In addressing these questions, we must however remember that the organisation and delivery of health services and medical care fall under the competence of the Member States.
As terrible as cancer is, however, it is possible to survive it.
That does mean, however, that the disease must be detected very early, since that leads to a considerable reduction in the number of deaths from it.
The Commission cannot, however, support the remaining 19 amendments.
In this specific case the Commission has, however, decided to accept a deviation from the proposed framework for regulatory agencies of December 2002, although that should not be considered as a precedent for future agencies.
Apart from being a source of malfunctions, computers and networks can, however, also be subjected to attacks on information systems.
To reduce the likelihood of such an event, every country needs to take effective action to improve the security of its ICT infrastructure; given the cross-border dimension of the problem, however, structures need to be defined in which national experiences can be gathered together and become common heritage.
I should, however, like to draw attention to the article in last week’s with the headline: ‘Blackmail by internet as gangs target sites’.
It is very important, however, that the Agency is put in place, and therefore my group gives its unqualified support to this Agency and to the amendments.
The information society technologies programme, however, is one area where we can help: research programmes are ongoing in that field, and there is also the stakeholders' group.
They should not, however, turn to those presiding over the meetings but to the chairmen of their groups, because it is the group chairmen, at the Conference of Presidents meetings, who decide what time issues are debated.
There is no prospect of a solution to this problem, however, unless the Commission makes proposals as part of the Thematic Strategy on Recycling.
We call on the Commission, however, to modify the annexes to the framework directive on waste in order to make it clear, once and for all, what recycling is, since we cannot continue to hide behind the judgment of the Court of Justice in accordance with which the Commission interprets its own Directives.
Sadly, however, the Commission gave in to pressure from the waste industry, which prefers to continue to dump waste.
Finland’s waste problems at national level cannot, however, be shrugged off, because, as with environmental disasters, waste knows no limits either.
Training measures designed for these people are therefore necessary and even essential. As Mr Lisi said, however, they should not be limited to workers in potentially hazardous factories; they should be extended to sub-contracted employees.
I would, however, like to express a tentatively positive view in this regard.
Now, however, safely behind the IGC’s closed doors, they feel free again to modify the outcome.
Mr Antonione, I believe, however, that it is right to bring to the Presidency’s attention a number of issues, which really do require some thought.
I must say, however, Mrs Maes, that the example you chose was not a particularly apt one.
This reinvigoration that we have in mind will only, however, be worthy of this name – it will, in other words, be qualitative – if it is able to restore to us a vital, dynamic Euro-Mediterranean Partnership. This exercise must not just involve officials and policy-makers but must ultimately be addressed to public opinion in our countries.
We must not, however, be mistaken in our objective.
The advice I received, however, is that there needs to be another amendment: in other words, why does Mrs Miguélez Ramos not call next time for pensioners drawing their pension for the first time to be given a free cruise?
A majority of the European Parliament wishes, however, to make an important distinction where this system is concerned, namely in the way it is funded.
We were, however, prepared to go a long way in a compromise motion in order to prevent something worse.
Thirdly, the opponents of this form of regenerative medicine find their position to be self-contradictory. They are people who consider that the embryo is an entirely independent living being from the first day but who are in favour, however, of the destruction of supernumerary embryos cultivated for the purposes of fertilisation.
It was, however, adopted by 298 votes in favour, 214 votes against and 21 abstentions.
As the rapporteur himself points out, however, the first harmonised statistics will only be available in 2006.
I would like to stress, however, that the Commission still considers it a priority to be present in the region itself with its resources and personnel in order to be able to provide assistance when and where it is needed.
From the press and your statement, however, it seems that Chechnya has not been given much attention.
In my opinion, however, this scientific cooperation is extremely important in the light of Russia’s cultural change.
You will find one paragraph, however, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy had no hesitation in adopting, where the problems of democracy and the tragedy of Chechnya are highlighted as currently being obstacles to the normalisation of our relations.
We believe, however, that there is as yet no fixed European policy on this subject, even though the Commission’s communication makes useful proposals and represents a step forwards.
The essential difference is, however, that these societies are avowedly in a continuing process of transformation; they see themselves as being in a transitional phase.
Contrary to North Africa, this does however give us an opportunity to exert greater influence to develop the rule of law and democracy, foster economic cooperation, extend the infrastructure by building trans-European networks and foster cross-border cooperation, which facilitates the everyday lives of people living on both sides of the border.
What I would like to recommend to my friends in both countries, however, is to make optimum use of the opportunities which new EU policy is about to offer, and to work towards a level at which a credible discussion can be held about an association which can lead to possible membership.
That is, however, in conflict with the report, which clearly specifies that subsequent EU membership of the participating countries is not in any way ruled out.
This strategy allows both planning and objectives; at the same time, however, it maintains the flexibility needed for each area around us, based on its peculiarities.
Our maturity, however, is measured by our skill in averting and preventing conflicts.
Let us remember, however, that there are not just gulfs between countries but gulfs too within states, and these are growing all the time.
In the region of the Baltic basin and northwestern Russia, however, there are things happening all the time in which the European Union should also be economically involved.
Within the framework of the TACIS programme, however, there is a substantial amount of unused resources set aside for nuclear safety projects – some EUR 180 million.
The Northern Dimension, however, as was said earlier on, has been criticised as being shapeless and accused of lacking in anything concrete.
Its importance is revealed, however, when we look for example at the risks associated with nuclear power in our neighbouring country, Russia, or its recent internal policy.
The Italian Council Presidency did, however, organise a meeting on the issue, which took place in Rome on 13 and 14 November 2003.
Any similar measure to the one suggested by Mr Ortuondo Larrea would, however, require a proposal from the Commission.
The problem, however, is that the recommendation does not include any provisions about the need for safety glass.
The fact that reform of the public sector remained almost at a standstill last year has, however, raised some concerns.
Increasing the Union’s military capability does not, however, mean that we need, straightaway, to create new structures and devote more financial resources to developing this policy in practice.
It is clear, however, that defence equipment is not a product like any other and should be treated differently.
Matters have, I am very pleased to say, proceeded quickly, however, especially since good news from Europe is pretty rare at present.
This is, however, an extremely reductionist point of view, because in this area security concerns are and must remain predominant.
What I cannot accept, however, is her insinuation that I have supposedly acted subserviently to the interests of this sector or even that I represent these interests.
I would like to draw your attention, however, to the fact that the initiative taken by the Commission following the request from the European Parliament and the Council must be based on the Treaties as they exist at the moment.
This is, however, the reality in Kosovo and I think that Parliament should also base its conclusions on this.
We applaud, however, the fact that Croatia has not concluded such an agreement.
This is a long-term issue, however, and has to be put in a broader context.
It also follows, however, that preparations for accession are primarily in the hands of the governments in those countries.
The Schengen Information System must now, however, be set in a different context – the context in which it came into existence.
This lack of real significance is in sharp contrast, however, to the importance of the underlying subject.
To be honest, however, I do not think that demonising the Schengen Information System is the best strategy, but everyone is responsible for his or her own political positions.
There are very few Scottish families that do not have a relative, however distant, living in Canada.
This may, however, be risky particularly if such additions compromise the subsequent adoption of the proposal by the Council.
We are trying, Commissioner, with our amendments, to keep to Community standards, precisely in order to speed up the immediate application of the programme, a programme which, however, does not limit the action of women's organisations to specific areas or specific groups or direct it to specific philosophies.
In reality, however, the reports are much more than just a question of formally getting the legal basis right.
I wish, in any case, to make a general remark, however, namely that it is striking that the women’s programme is the shortest one.
Precisely for that reason, however, it is incredibly important that the women’s organisations too have a stable situation in which to work so that they do not have to spend all their time just finding the money for their work.
The second report concerns the issue of citizenship, to which I have already referred. I just want to emphasise, however, that this must be developed all the time so that we ensure that not only the NGOs but also people in general are given the opportunity to participate in this work.
Given my desire to avoid entering into an argument on this point, however, I shall begin by stressing the following point: regardless of the usefulness of the European Women’s Lobby, if some Members – and I agree with the previous speaker here – are calling for the extension of the programme for women, it is because they know from their dialogue with the relevant associations that the main problem lies in the way they work.
To that end, however, we must also simplify procedures with a view to ensuring that the largest possible number of associations can benefit from this new instrument.
There are, however, areas in which it is harder to discern this achievement.
The Commission understands, however, the rationale behind the amendment and could take account of Amendment 35 when developing a proposal for the possible extension of this programme.
In the process, however, we lost sight of the fact that the issue of self-handling cannot be considered separately from the policy on authorisations, since the Member States can make self-handling subject to prior authorisation.
Even with these amendments, however, the proposed directive remained unsatisfactory.
It is significant, however, that in this, the twenty-first century, where the means exist whereby humanity may form one united and fraternal community, society is going backwards.
I must emphasise, however, that, amongst other aspects:
We must not, however, allow our view of Russia as a partner or even an ally to prevent us from genuinely addressing any potential problems there.
I was unable, however, to support paragraph 12, which says that ‘Community support programmes should be set up to review defence equipment’, and this in a context relating to the EU’s external borders.
By definition, this evil must not, however, be combated militarily in all situations, which is why I voted against recital G.
What, however, I cannot support is increased expenditure and investment in the defence area.
In this instance, however, we are not dealing with a simple financial problem, such as often crops up with programmes or projects in other policy areas.
For the implementation of the budget, however, it is also essential for the sums to arrive on time.
I would like, however, to stress the need for an immediate reply to the queries contained in the written question.
The legal , however, by the President, Chandrika Kumaratunga, which interrupted the negotiations, was a giant leap backwards.
This is, however, dependent on a peace treaty soon being on the table.
We should, however, recognise that the time is coming when the wind of freedom will blow through Vietnam.
Migratory policy cannot, however, be effective without genuine, effective cooperation with the third countries of origin or transit of migratory flows, cooperation that needs to be developed in a constructive spirit of partnership.
Precisely in order to facilitate these efforts, however, it will be necessary, in the Presidency’s view, for the Heads of State or Government to provide clear directions on the next legs of the journey, confirming, therefore, the deadlines: 2004 for the conclusion of the negotiations, 2005 for the signing of the Accession Treaties and 2007 for accession to the European Union.
My hope is, however, that, as has so often happened in the history of the Union, a serious crisis will give rise to the most innovative and lasting solutions.
Ecofin’s decisions, however, show that the real problem still to be resolved is the genuine weakness of our present system of European economic governance.
That will, however, be quite some task, for example on the subject of economic policy.
Effective means against fraud do, however, exist, namely openness and democracy.
There are, however, some other issues where the Italian Presidency has not sought to find a compromise solution, and I do not understand their reasoning.
Unlike a previous speaker, however, I do feel that we have to complete our work by 13 December.
I must, however, acknowledge the merits of the Italian Presidency and the progress that appears to have been started in Naples.
Having said this, however, some points still present cause for concern and on these I would appeal to the common sense of Europe’s leaders and to the imagination of the Italian Presidency.
As far as we are concerned, however, the Member States may retain their fully-fledged Commissioners.
We must not forget, however, that the principle of degressive proportionality has a deep justification.
Poland, Spain and some other countries, however, are insisting on returning to the opaque Nice formula, which is neither very fair nor very logical.
It is equally true, however, that certain sections of this House, and local employers' organisations outside it, are increasingly calling for ever more stringent, narrowly-drawn business impact assessments as a way of blocking the Commission’s right of initiative on much-needed proposals.
In subsequent months, however, it became clear that the actual progress of the European economy was different, being more negative than expected.
In the second half of this year, however, it became clear that the measures adopted by the two countries would not be enough to correct the high deficits in 2004.
We will not, however, be starting our deliberations from zero. Instead, we will continue along the path taken by the Commission in the past.
The Stability and Growth Pact has, however, been seriously damaged.
It must be more flexible, however, in times when the situation is not as positive, in particular by enabling states to deduct investment expenditure from the calculation of the budget deficit in accordance with the British golden rule.
Does anyone believe, however, that the Commission will do anything to France and Germany if the governments of those countries do not agree?
As we now see, however, it did so in order to enforce compliance on others.
One thing is certain, however: the hypocrisy of those people – and they exist in Portugal too – who use the argument of the Stability Pact to justify anti-social policies, now becomes even more striking.
Growth and an increase in demand will not, however, be achieved by cutting wages or by longer working hours, but by taking the tax burden off the low and middle income groups, through public investment, capital-widening investment by businesses and by increasing private consumption.
There is one thing I am sure of, however: we need mechanisms to discipline public finances in the interest of the euro and of Europe.
Careful preparation, however, is not the only way in which the Commission needs to improve the quality of its work; it must also make this process more transparent.
At the same time, however, it is also a sensible approach, because we do not question the need to proceed step by step.
We must, however, exercise a degree of caution.
It seems to me essential, however, to point out that there is a mistaken idea that the reduction of Community legislation reduces the total amount of legislation.
Tripartite contracts cannot, however, derogate from the provisions of secondary law applicable throughout the territory of the European Union because – as I mentioned earlier – it is only in this way that they remain coherent with the guidelines of the constituent Convention.
It is, therefore, important that the tripartite agreements and contracts define clear objectives based on the need to give due consideration to diversity throughout the territory of the European Union, although, on the basis of these experiences, it will then be possible to look again at a policy for the management of Community policies that goes beyond the issue of diversity and tackles the more general issue of democracy in greater depth without, however, compromising – and I believe that this must be emphasised – the uniform enforcement of Community law across the entire European area.
As yet, however, the different institutions of the Union do not share a common website where the public could follow the progress of legislation.
This does not mean, however – and here the Commission agrees with the rapporteur – that we need to go back to square one.
In addition, however, the boundaries between OLAF and other entities with investigative powers, in particular IDOC, need to be more clearly defined.
The main principles underlying the rights of the people concerned, such as their right to inspect files and to be given a hearing, should however be spelt out in the regulation itself.
The Commission cannot, however, accept the rapporteur’s proposal to make the secretariat of the Supervisory Committee part of the European Parliament’s secretariat.
I believe, however, that the report adequately reflects the various criticisms of OLAF’s work.
This would, however, only serve to undermine OLAF’s independence further and we will certainly not be accompanying you down this precarious route, Commissioner.
At the same time, however, it is also true – as the Eurostat case itself has shown – that sometimes an external investigation becomes an internal investigation because the external investigation suddenly raises the question: Why did these mistakes with the competition process occur?
Mr Fischler, the Committee on Budgets, however, regrets – as on so many occasions – that the Commission has waited until the end of July 2003 to communicate its initial proposal, despite the fact that the Protocol was signed in October 2002.
I wish to stress today, however, that this does not imply that we cannot move to resolve these problems.
What I have repeatedly witnessed, however, is the appalling conditions in which some bodies have been received because of the lack of proper embalming or care treatment in some countries.
We must ensure, however, that we do not penalise our own shipowners by laying down standards that do not give sufficient consideration to the international nature of maritime transport.
We do not believe, however, that the rapporteur’s additional proposals on the two other aspects of the Directive concerning the levels applicable to passenger ships and ships in ports are appropriate.
This is, however, considered in a new Commission proposal on ambient air quality.
This does not mean, however, that they can remain indefinitely.
In the latter case, however, controls must be strengthened.
In practice, however, the Commission is limited by activities of the national administrations. Stronger control by the Member States is needed to improve management of European funds.
Much remains to be done, however, as the Commission itself recognises.
It will no doubt require adjustment and amendment. At this juncture, however, it would be a mistake to reject it or to launch into reforming the reform.
The fact remains, however, that, because of an error rate that may well have differed from the preceding year’s, but was still too high, no positive statement of assurance can be issued in respect of 2002 as a whole.
Mr Fabra Vallés, your report, however, also makes reference to structural problems and errors in the European Union’s policies.
There is a recognition in the Court's report, however, that things are heading in the right direction and we are pleased to see that.
Over and above the significant independent operation of the regulation, however, and the simplification and reinforcement of workers’ rights, it will facilitate the introduction of the European Health Insurance Card which, as you know, will be ready on 1 June 2004, and it will significantly facilitate free movement in Europe.
Alongside the clear advantages, however, I can also see a few objections to introducing a card of this kind.
Eliminating the existing forms will, however, take place in stages.
I cannot go into all of this in the two minutes that I have been allocated now, but I should like to alert you to this and to add that, however successful the health insurance card may be, there is an urgent need for the so-called high-level reflection process that was initiated by the Council last year, to culminate in the firm, fully-fledged coordination of health care in which solidarity and quality aspects occupy centre stage.
At the end of the amendment proposed by Mr Corbett, and with his agreement, I propose that the amendment should be worded as follows, ‘the introduction, in Article 1(2), of equality between women and men, which should, however, be regarded as a value and not simply as a principle’.
It remains to be seen, however, how these payments will be implemented in future, bearing in mind that less than EUR one billion have been entered in 2004 for pre-2000 programmes.
It is regrettable, however, that the necessary strengthening of FIFG structural aid is not included.
I consider, however, that the measures proposed by the Commission fall short of the objectives that this initiative is intended to achieve.
We believe, however, that a culture that opposes corruption is best created from the bottom up in society and is not something that can be promoted through EU programmes.
There are, however, ways and means of doing this.
The bare figures and European regulations, however, conceal the real reasons for migration: poverty, social despair, underdevelopment, and untenable political and democratic situations.
These controls should, however, also be practised at the product marketing stage and, therefore, for imported products so that, in a market that attracts more and more consumers, abuse and deception are avoided.
On the subject of reduced rates, however, and bearing in mind the concept of tax sovereignty, it should be recalled that the Member States must maintain the necessary flexibility in implementing social and cultural policies, in particular when setting reduced VAT rates.
All the industries consulted, however, claim that lowering VAT has positive economic effects that are by no means insignificant.
Parliament voted against this, however (by 349 votes in favour, with 147 against and 49 abstentions).
I cannot, however, support paragraph 8 because it says that not every country should be able to appoint a Commissioner.
In order to better avoid these dangers it would, however, have been preferable if the European Parliament had not itself approved their causes
There are, however, fundamental issues that must be addressed and which underpin many cases of irregularity and fraud, particularly as regards outsourcing Commission services.
We were, however, able to persuade them both that a non-commercial approach was called for not only in terms of considerations of ethics, but also of health protection.
This does not, however, mean that Parliament has changed its opinion about this.
As regards organs, the Commission has been promising us a legislative initiative since this was first an issue, because this is a considerable problem taking various forms: organised trafficking, shortage etc. It does not, however – and this is understandable – want to act with great haste and it puts forwardthestatement discussed in detail by the Commissioner.
Overall, however, this is clearly a modest measure.
We must, however, be able to live with this compromise.
Those who maintain that this is a good compromise fail, however, to appreciate the issue of principle surrounding whether the EU is entitled to interfere in how shareholders in private companies choose to organise themselves.
The fact is, however, that the number of takeovers in countries in which different voting values are applied is not in any way lower than the number in countries where this system is not permitted.
They cannot, however, be harmonised too far, because we have different, quite creative arrangements in different Member States.
If, however, we do not do something in this direction, industry will never be persuaded to abandon polluting processes.
I would, however, like to say a word about nuclear energy.
I do, however, regret the fact that the text does not give greater emphasis to the principle that ‘the polluter pays’.
Mr President, the Council has partially aligned with the position of the European Parliament on the question of the exemption of operators from environmental liability which, in the Commission's initial text, was so broad as to cancel out the implementation of the 'polluter pays' principle to all intents and purposes. At the same time, however, in order to mitigate the onerous consequences for companies which are not to blame, Parliament accepted that the licence or failure to diagnose the harmful consequences of the activity at issue in time could operate as mitigating circumstances when charging the operator for the cost of restoring ecological damage.
Nor can we be certain that pollution will respect the boundaries of the EU, however large the EU becomes.
I therefore propose that the tourist industry be allowed the cosy corner seats in its luxury buses, which we made possible only a few years ago by enacting the directive on the use of 15-metre buses. We should, however, call upon the industry to develop appropriate restraint systems for side-facing seats of this kind as well.
Much work remains to be done, however, to give firms operating in Europe those general conditions associated with the legislative framework and the state of the job market that can guarantee their genuine competitiveness on world markets.
The consequences will not be tragic, however, if we can keep resolutely to the course set by the Convention.
Sharing the blame is not enough, however, ladies and gentlemen.
Having said that, however, I am convinced that the right solution will be found with time and patience.
Your Presidency, however, will be remembered, above all, by Europeans for the failure to achieve agreement on the Convention’s text.
It would, however, be a good idea to clarify what the Italian Presidency meant by ‘a watered-down compromise’.
We must, however, as Mr Berlusconi has done, pay attention to the living conditions of our citizens.
Mr President, however it may appear, the Brussels Council on the European Constitution failed for three reasons.
It is just as natural, however, that it cannot dictate the solution; instead, we are now to have talks aimed at a balance, talks which take a balanced view of the status of small countries, and not just the large ones like Spain and Poland.
It is important, however, that debates on matters that have already been agreed on are not reopened on account of a row that has not been settled.
Not only are we disappointed, however, the overwhelming majority of European citizens, who are in favour of a European Constitution, are also disappointed and perplexed.
Europe must be built, however, through a positive, not negative spirit.
I believe, however, that this disappointment should not lead us to adopt a pessimistic attitude towards the future.
I believe, however, that there is a unanimous desire to move in this direction.
It is obvious, however, that they had the more or less open support of other countries.
I should like to point out, however, that we have had the debate on this matter: we are now dealing with the vote.
We feel, however, that the sum allocated to this single instrument is clearly insufficient to meet the needs in the field of cultural cooperation.
In fact, however, the proposal seeks to resolve the ‘disadvantage’ in taxation between multinational groups and national groups, thereby responding to requests from the ‘business community’.
I have chosen to vote against the report and the proposal for a directive, which was however adopted by 325 votes, with 221 votes against and 7 abstentions.
A certain harmonisation of the EU countries’ rules governing the financial markets may be needed in order to favour the internal market and, thus, growth. The directive on takeover bids is, however, along the wrong lines.
Let me also say, however, that there was an attempt in some quarters to restrict this House’s budgetary rights.
Above all, however, it was the outstanding leadership of the Committee Chairman, Mr Wynn, which made this all possible.
The media point, however, has been scored, it has been said, ‘You are opposed to drugs’.
A reserve, however, does not only function as a big stick, it also claims victims.
Frustrating the recruitment of personnel for enlargement is not, however, the right way to go about this.
What we need, however, is not just remedial aid after the event; we must also be working with an eye to the future.
Before that, however, I would like to offer my profound gratitude to all the rapporteurs of the committees involved and the general rapporteur, Mr Mulder.
It is, however, the Europe that the Council would like us to have.
What is most serious, however, is the reduction of our budget. Payment appropriations have fallen this year below 0.99% of GDP, their lowest level since 1987.
I do think, however, that the issue of Ecofin is a difficult one.
In pursuing this objective, however, the European Union may give preference to a variety of means and instruments in order to ensure that its measures have maximum effect and to take into account the particular characteristics of each national situation.
I believe, though, that however bureaucratic my answer, that it has to some extent given you an idea of what we are trying to do and how we are completing proceedings before deciding on any possible measures.
In this case, however, the Council informs the honourable Members that the case of the Miami Five has not been discussed with the United States since this is a matter for bilateral resolution by the latter and Cuba.
I wish to emphasise, however, that this decision does not add a single litre of milk to the Azores’ milk quota and nor does it exempt any producer from fines.
The question I would like to ask you, however, Mr President, is whether, in this decision that you will be taking in December, you will uphold the principle of adapting the regional quota to the Azores’ self-sufficiency in milk and dairy products, as decided by the Nice Council in December 2000, since this is, I believe, a fundamental principle which, if upheld, could lead in future to the much-needed adaptation of the regional quota?
These expressions of gratitude will, however, count for nothing if Members of this Parliament do not act responsibly tomorrow and adopt the compromise that has been negotiated, rather than vote in favour of other amendments which, I believe, are more of a reflection of individual interests than the common good.
The issuing of an authorisation for a medicinal product for human or veterinary use does not, however, signal the end of checks on its efficacy and safety.
The compromise does, however, include some significant pathologies in the scope of application and a review clause in four years’ time will enable us to strengthen this provision and increase equal access to health for every European citizen.
It is a great victory, however, that advertising for medicinal products subject to prescription was rejected, but until when?
When effective alternatives exist, however, they should be promoted.
The Commission and some Members shared this reaction, however, by restricting the definition of generic products, tightening the conditions for granting authorisations and extending the periods for authorisation by using various tricks: switch, new indications etc.
It would be far better, however, and in the interests of transparency, if, before we adopted this legislation - and I know that it is almost too late - we had a list of the derogations requested from the accession states in order to build these into the preamble to the existing directives before us.
The duration of data protection, however, is less positive, in my opinion.
In my opinion, however, there are too many possibilities for an extra year’s protection to be added, for example when a new indication can be proved.
Member States can develop this further, however, and some of them will do so, and the subject will return to the agenda later.
A compromise cannot be achieved, however, without some watering down.
A good supply of medicinal products also requires, however, that pharmacists make their know-how available, not only to patients, but also, in particular, to those writing out the prescriptions.
I am not in favour of advertising; I am, however, in favour of information.
This gift will, however, further deepen the deficits for the Member States’ social security budgets by delaying the marketing of generic medicines.
I will, however, take this issue up once this has been voted.
It states, however, that Member States may grant exemption from this requirement according to criteria established in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 89(2).
The proposal, however, does not use legal instruments to lay down which measurement tasks must be performed.
At the same time, however, we realise that, in certain Member States of the European Union, this could give rise to untenable situations, where an MEP receives a salary several times greater than that of their President.
Perhaps unlike my colleagues, however, I personally think that it is just fine.
There is, however, more and it concerns points that are, if you like, less noble, but that also call the concept of dignity into question.
If, for a moment, however, we examine the principle of equality and see it as a positive factor, the concern expressed about taxation would mean falling back again into the trap of extreme disparities.
I believe, however, that we should not delude ourselves, Mr President.
The most remarkable innovation is, however, the creation of a Peace Facility – allocated EUR 250 million and financed by the EDF – decided by the Council of the European Union on 18 November 2003.
At the same time, however, ladies and gentlemen, let us put it in a wider perspective and make clear that we genuinely desire that in-depth dialogue with China – that goes for the Council, too – and that we also want to help with that process.
Red China, however, remains a serious threat to Taiwan, which has been a model of democracy, prosperity and good governance.
The present draft Members’ Statute does not, however, solve the problems satisfactorily.
Given our disagreement, however, with the majority of these proposals, we supported the positions put forward to reject the Commission proposal, which is what has happened once again.
The directive does not, however, draw a distinction between these two types of activity.
This is proving to be a far from straightforward process, however, particularly in the European Parliament, where the pressure exerted by the various economic interests has made itself felt, and this is why it was the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and not the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy that negotiated this directive.
Does that imply, however, that those with a great deal of money are allowed to cause a great deal of pollution?
We want the Member States to ensure, however, that preference is given to homeopathic medicines manufactured and marketed in the Community.
I agree with the rapporteur’s view, however, that banning side-facing seats in certain vehicles is excessive.
This measure does nothing more than minimise the effects of road accidents, however, and I recommend that investment be made in other, genuinely preventive, measures, as a more effective way of reducing the mortality rate on roads, by reducing the number of accidents.
I was unable, however, as this House’s rapporteur, to go along with the Commission proposal as it relates to technical interoperability.
It is, however, abundantly clear that the real objective goes deeper than this, namely the internalisation of the external environmental costs.
I wish, however, to make a few observations on some points that I feel are relevant and to which, I believe, this House must pay particular attention.
I would remind them, however, of the ever greater part traffic plays as a producer of carbon dioxide emissions.
We also believe, however, that, for the good and the preservation of the very sense of European Community, it is right that we make this sacrifice.
As I myself read the proposal, however, it is a useful compromise in which Parliament has had a very large proportion of its wishes met.
Before we reach that point, however, there are still a number of problems of which both opponents and supporters of the compromise are required to take account with regard to Austria.
This, however, did not appear to be what Austria had in mind.
It may be, however, that Austria had become too used to the situation, or, perhaps, not used to it enough, depending on which way you look at it.
That is not all, however, because we must also defend the rights of passengers, of citizens.
Details of the compensation payable by the airlines must, however, be publicly available so that people can see clearly what it amounts to.
There is, however, a problem I fear may arise.
I am certain, however, that this is something that can easily be solved in practice, as and when the problem arises.
The countries concerned have however conceded that efforts to introduce more modern methods of psychiatric care may for the present be hampered by insufficient staff resources.
Having spoken to him, however, I had the impression – and he went on to state this publicly, as did Prime Minister Erdogan – that, following the elections in Northern Cyprus, the time may be ripe for relaunching discussions on the basis of the Annan Plan.
The Commission is monitoring noise problems, however, and their impact on citizens living close to airports.
With regard to economic resources – mentioned by the rapporteur – we have given up our initial desire for greater allocation of funds for the sake of the interinstitutional agreement, but we have a commitment from the Commission to maintain adequate execution of the programme and we believe, however, that the decentralised cooperation line must continue to increase and not be a minor budget line from which funds can be taken in order to fill other gaps.
As far as those who are actually involved are concerned, however, the question of the churches gives rise to problems.
The instrument of decentralised cooperation, however, has raised a few questions.
According to the assessment report, however, the selection process is not transparent at all.
I must emphasise, however, that the issue of decentralised cooperation should be addressed more consistently.
We should be deluding ourselves, however, if we were to believe that the battle against poverty can be fought without the aid of women.
In everything we say, however, and in everything we hope for, there is always the budgetary aspect.
It seems, however, that that is not the view of other political groups.
Education, however, is the key to escaping from the vicious cycle of poverty and illness.
It is, however, very important that we apply the precautionary and ‘polluter pays’ principles and that we respect people’s anxiety faced with something new.
I am able, however, to go some way towards agreeing with the Commission when it comes to paragraph 9.
I trust, however, the Commission appreciates the efforts we have made to accelerate the process in order that this contract can be honoured in time.
The old generation of these agreements, however, really deserves a black mark, and it is thus extremely important to change this situation.
While I support this report and its proposals on this concrete issue, however, I feel I must underline the need to situate these measures within the more global context of the fight to eliminate discrimination against people with disabilities.
At the same time, however, we are also interested in the issues of education, health, intellectual property, security, human rights and economic and social practices.
It is, however, slightly ironical that the best information about what happened at the summit has appeared on the radical party’s web sites.
In this instance, however, a great many companies and what has come to be known as ‘civil society’ were also involved.
How can someone fund a country under occupation, however, and why does no one talk about it?
European agriculture should not, however, need this intervention.
The budget solution it proposes, involving redistribution within this heading and between it and other headings, such as the Structural Funds, is, however, not entirely acceptable, particularly since the priorities for external action are, in the end, almost exclusively the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) and the common European security and defence policy (CESDP), to the detriment of the cooperation and development policy, which is practically forgotten in this report.
Not wanting, however, to sanction this document’s successive concessions to the interests of the airlines, we decided to abstain in the final vote.
In aiming, however, to promote what could be seen as progress, the report also places emphasis on opening the sector to competition and on reassuring private investors.
The European Parliament resolution is, however, right on one point: it is surprising that, a week after the Brussels Council, we have still not managed to establish exactly the aspects that the governments agreed upon and those that they disagreed upon.
It is lamentable, however, that Parliament has not learnt its lesson and continues to uphold the so-called ‘European constitution’ through this resolution sponsored by the right, the Social-Democrats and the Greens.
I voted against the report. I do, however, support the paragraph that tries to clarify the points of agreement
The Commission, however, is trying to impose a system which has yet to be tried out.
In order to combat poverty effectively, however, greater practical support must be provided and other policies for cooperation and fair trade must be promoted.
I must, however, express some concerns that I fear may not have been given due consideration.
I share the rapporteur’s view, however, that the Commission must consult the European Parliament, instead of presenting us with a , and a delay of more than three months is completely unjustified.
It is these very reasons, however, that led me to oppose the compromise resolution tabled on this issue by the main parties in this Parliament.
The process of break-up has, however, reached the point where it is difficult to envisage what type of coexistence could be established, especially – and I repeat – if there is no collaboration between the major powers.
Every effort must, however, be made, including those which seem somewhat abstract, in the hope of creating a starting point for the new governing group that has inherited a situation that is difficult from all points of view.
At the same time, however, we know that the influence of Russia in Georgia is very bad in the long term from a structural point of view.
The national governments and the European Parliament, however, must accept that this kind of strategic partnership is only possible with states that honour their pledges.
In the present day, however, it is even worse; and the death penalty phenomenon is at its worst when it is used as a political instrument by governments against their opponents.
I have, of course, already expressed my solidarity with those who were directly affected by these acts of violence, but I do, however, agree with those who say that we must not give too much publicity to those who want to weaken the democratic institutions though violent acts and intimidation.
Although the justification for the cancellation of, for example, Air France and British Airways flights is not demonstrated , however, we must always be cautious in the face of terrorist threats and it is better to be overcautious than to be faced with an attack.
I firmly believe, however, that aviation safety has to be put into perspective.
However, I repeat that aviation is the safest form of public transport and accidents, however tragic, are thankfully rare.
The United States has, however, made major concessions.
In this case, it is, however, also a question of creating efficient contacts between the EU and the United States so that business, trade and aviation can thrive and develop.
We can bring them to a conclusion speedily through this Directive on the safety of third-country aircraft, and, ladies and gentlemen, I would like once again to express our condolences for the victims and say that we must continue to work to improve safety in the air sector, firstly, naturally, in European airspace, in relation to aircraft which leave Europe for other places, but also at world level, because, however much information we provide – and naturally we must do so, to increase transparency in the information tour operators give their clients, stating which company is going to provide the transport, stating exactly which companies they work with – this is important and will improve safeguards and information for our citizens and our passengers, and there can be no doubt that we – Europeans or non-Europeans – must fight to improve safety in air traffic and in international civil aviation.
Illegal discharges, however, from vessels other than tankers, also constitute a major problem, especially because they occur frequently and are rarely traced.
The problem is, however, that Member States flout the rules to which they have committed themselves in treaties.
The substance of this directive does, however, go in the right direction although it must be made clear that this will not be enough unless there is an overall framework to protect the environment in general and without which maritime protection will continue to be granted a lower level of protection.
This would be an excellent step because we would have adequate maritime protection, which would, however, be within the framework of environmental protection that could be equally protected at a criminal level, since there is no doubt that criminal sanctions are most likely to make workers in the sector adapt to provisions.
We know only too well, however, that if legislation is to be obeyed there must be sanctions.
We know, however, that maritime pollution, from spillage of oil or other noxious substances, continues even when accidents do not occur.
There is just one detail in it, however, that should be addressed. I too am in favour of ships displaying the emblem of the European Union.
The amendment to display the emblem on national flags is problematic, however, as the rapporteur has also said himself.
We should, however, like to see the EU take the initiative in setting up an international environmental court under the auspices of the UN.
It has to be said, however, that this is not an easy task and will take some time.
The Commission is willing to show some flexibility. It is not, however, prepared to sacrifice the political objectives set when drafting the proposals.
It does not, however, specify in the directive the principles on which it would wield its additional powers.
On account of opposition from the Member States, however, the Commission has been unable to produce a balanced proposal, and for that reason it is only right to keep this outside the scope of the directive and call for a new directive on this very issue.
I fail to understand, however, how plainly irrational positions can be adopted on this issue. It is an issue which is unfortunately very important for the future of the European Union and for the safety and well-being of its citizens.
What I cannot understand, however, is not making even the slightest effort to have a rational debate on such serious matters.
It is not, however, proposed to modify the scope of loans to Member States, as that would require changes to the Euratom treaty.
I would, however, encourage the House to express its support for the Commission’s general guidelines on the proposals before they are submitted to the Council.
Loans for building new capacity, however, have not been used for a long time.
I am, however, very pleased about the discussions to which this report has led, with their focus upon a list of important issues concerning services of general interest.
This must, however, take place via sectoral directives of the kind of which very successful use is already being made in a number of sectors.
We recognise, however, the doubt and uncertainty to which what is termed the Altmark judgment, concerning the funding of locally based services of general interest, has led.
Nor, as I say, do we think, however, that a framework directive would be of any help in this context.
If it were a question of a legal initiative, we should, however, greatly regret the fact that the existing Treaty does not give us in the European Parliament power of codecision concerning such an initiative.
If we want to redress this imbalance to some extent, we really need greater legal certainty in order to guarantee the funding of services of general interest, however they may be defined by the Member States.
The debate on this subject must be held not only here, however, but also with national or even regional authorities, which are now often responsible for managing these sectors.
In the political climate of today and of the next few years, I am afraid, however, that such a framework directive would be heavily dominated by adherents of the market and by right wing forces.
Above all, however, we need time for research and discussion as a counterweight to the giant battle we face over the next few years.
You will also understand, however, that Parliament will pay particular attention to rules that enable tasks to be carried out transparently and effectively, to appointments to posts and cost management at the future agencies.
The truth is, however, that many developing countries think that we, like the US, do not genuinely want this.
He must bear in mind, however, that it was the members that were to blame for the failure of the negotiations.
That will not be easy, however, in view of the US presidential elections this year, because the campaigns will probably be full of protectionist rhetoric.
The European Union must also provide other members with better information, however, as my colleague Mr van Velzen has already said.
The Commission’s current mandate, however, obstructs this need.
– Ladies and gentlemen, before beginning the vote, I give the floor to Mr Zappalà for a proposal on an issue that we did not resolve at the beginning of yesterday’s sitting, that is when to vote on his report: on Thursday here in Strasbourg, or during the part-session in Brussels, taking into consideration, however, the fact that, according to our agenda, the debate on this issue is in any event planned for Thursday morning.
Your explanation will, however, be recorded in the Minutes.
These measures are, however, clearly proving to be inadequate.
I do support this report, however, which in my opinion will both help to preserve fish stocks and to bring some calm to Community waters.
We must recall, however, that this battle will not be won through further legislation alone; this legislation must be effectively implemented and monitored, which requires the appropriate means.
We do not believe, however, that the introduction of a European Coastguard is either practical or necessary, since it is inconsistent with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
From a strictly legal perspective, however, I believe that this situation is far from simple, given that the proposed Directive is based on Article 80 relating to transport, although it also a matter of defining a crime.
It has not, however, been demonstrated, and still less proved, that the most suitable and effective method of coping with these breaches of the law is to set up a further European agency or common EU coastguard.
For that reason, I voted against Amendments Nos 6 and 22, which were however adopted (by, respectively, 382 ‘yes’ votes, 82 ‘no’ votes and 20 abstentions and 392 ‘yes’ votes, 71 ‘no’ votes and 33 abstentions).
We did not, however, support the amendments that removed any timetable for improving safety, sometimes for technical reasons, but ultimately letting the Member States do as they please.
This is a question, however, which would arise regardless of the amendment currently before us.
Unlike the rapporteur, however, I feel that this should not exclude financing projects aimed at securing or improving existing equipment.
Despite the insignificance of cotton in Europe, however, there have been certain statements against Community policy on the sector, which I believe to be entirely demagogic, since in the European Union export refunds are not given and goods are imported freely, without tariffs.
There is, however, a delicacy trade, which is for the consumption of bushmeat outside Africa.
I find it a little strange, however, that we have not done anything similar when it comes to bushmeat.
At the same time, however, there is still much cause for criticism on our part, especially on the human rights situation, although we welcome the fact that the EU/Iran human rights dialogue has commenced.
I also think, however, that in light of this dreadful disaster, it is especially important for Iran to show that it is united and working towards the future.
The world is aghast, however, at the decision to ban 3 000 reformist candidates from standing in the next parliamentary elections.
Ultimately, however, our fleets must remain competitive in the long term.
It is, however, a prerequisite for the successful development of e-commerce and the information society in general.
I wish, however, to ask a further question.
When the Commissioner sent an e-mail to a number of Finnish MEPs last week, Parliament’s spam program labelled it as ‘suspected spam’, not however with the label ‘suspected high’, but ‘suspected low’.
Member States may, however, invoke grounds for refusal based on matters not covered by the agreement that may be applicable pursuant to bilateral treaties in force between a Member State and the US.
The origin of the outbreak is, however, still being investigated and it is too early to draw any firm conclusions.
This challenge will, however, concentrate exclusively on procedural elements and will not touch on the country-specific economic surveillance aspects of the Council conclusions.
The Commission does, however, regret that Parliament has chosen to emphasise national measures on detergents in a proposal for Community legislation one of the aims of which was to expand the harmonised area and promote the single market.
The recent conclusion reached by the scientific committee on toxicology, ecotoxicology and the environment, however, has sparked a reconsideration of an EU-wide ban on phosphates.
Please allow me, however, to register my disappointment as regards two points that I consider to be especially relevant and sensitive.
The Commission is open to increasing – however we can – support for health and other social services.
It is, however, the African Union that should be the main instigator of policies laid down under NEPAD, based on regional integration.
Most of the time, however, we avoid the problem of cultural identity, because that is far more sensitive, certainly where definitions are concerned.
We should, however, be aware that the market will not rescue diversity.
In truth, the contradictions in this resolution reflect those in our policy, which looks for allies in the developing world to protect it and to protect itself from the intrusiveness of the American audiovisual sector, in the name of respect for cultural diversity, subject then to fully financing, for example, French-speaking Africa; the culture which, in the name of assimilation, banned the veil and other religious signs in school classrooms, and which does not, however, object at all to them being imposed in an authoritarian manner in other countries; the culture that praises European democracy, even when it is noticeably absent, and claims in a racist manner, however, that the developing world is not ready for it; the culture that refuses to ‘export’ freedom does not hesitate to collaborate with dictators and tyrants, today ignoring the fight of Islamic dissidents, as in the past it ignored communist dissidents from Eastern Europe.
I would still like, however, to say a few words which I have set my heart on.
I do not doubt, however, that the desire for our country to join the greater European democratic family is mutual.
Perhaps the greatest challenge facing Europe, however, is the pressing need to create more and better employment.
Look, however, at the statistics for the implementation of EU legislation.
In the case of Palestine, the reality on the ground is, however, that, by building the wall and expanding its settlements, Israel is on the way to destroying a possible two-State solution and destroying the Palestinians’ prospects of leading normal lives.
When it comes to the environmental sphere, which is my own speciality, I think, however, that the Presidency’s programme is rather thin and not sufficiently practical.
I could, however, also mention the other objectives.
Whoever becomes the next Commission President, however, will need broad support in this House and will only receive broad support in this House if he, or she, has the Group of the Party of European Socialists on his, or her, side.
For the moment, however, let it be noted with no further comment that every MEP in this House exploits the office of the Commission President for domestic campaigning purposes.
Public opinion is, however, concerned about the future.
In that case, however, Mr Poettering needs to name names before the election.
I am a bit puzzled by this, however, because you thanked the Italians for their good work but at the same time we understand from the press that you have not been given any notes or any indication as to where agreement was reached.
At the same time, however, I think we need to be aware that Lisbon is not only about economic reform.
More generally speaking, however, rather than simply ignoring this trouble spot, the European Union needs to do more on both sides to drive the peace process forward.
Together with these extraordinary tasks, however, you will also have ordinary tasks to deal with, to which I should like to draw your attention.
The EU has so far, however, paid only scant attention to the issue, as highlighted by the rapporteur.
At the same time, however, it has left the way open for a European regulation process which, if developed, would violate that subsidiarity and once again lead to protests in a few years’ time against intervention from Brussels.
African peoples have to bear, however, in addition to those of their own privileged class, the far more considerable impositions of industrial and financial groups of imperialist countries.
There is a need, however, for a much broader and more thorough measure to protect everything that makes up the immense cultural heritage of minority languages and peoples: literature, art, folklore, books and manuscripts, which are in danger of disappearing.
We have noted, however, a number of shortcomings in the report.
There are, however, some passages in this otherwise astonishingly sensible motion for a resolution from the Committee on Women’s Rights and Equal Opportunities that have to be modified.
I am forced, however, to disagree with the rapporteur’s position, which, rather than fight for equality, seeks to impose egalitarian extremism.
It does, however, give you some indication of the very thorough engagement which is envisaged by the European Union in this year's Commission on Human Rights.
We are now, however – real or imagined terrorism having become a factor in any analysis of the world order – in real danger of sliding towards global apartheid.
We, too, however, have experienced the same sort of frustration in relations between the European Parliament and the Council.
Despite all the Union’s efforts, however, human rights are still being violated in too many areas, not only in the rest of the world but even within the EU itself.
It also has the obligation and responsibility, however, to condemn with great clarity and courage the violations of these rights which are taking place, wherever they happen and regardless of the economic or foreign interests existing between the European Union and the countries where these violations take place or the motivations leading to the violation or jeopardising of fundamental freedoms and the principles of the Rule of Law.
Otherwise, our commitment will be purely rhetorical, and through rhetoric alone, however long the list of declarations adopted may be, it will be difficult for us to make a more humane world a reality for everyone.
On the Union’s side, however, we are more than discreet; I would even go so far as to say we are not present.
I would, however, like to refer to one point made by Mrs Bonino.
This is of course an opportunity, however, that raises certain problems which we must resolve.
We do, however, have major difficulties with Amendment No 4, which backtracks on the commitment already made in the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The fact is, however, that the image of Fortress Europe that the European Union has generated, as a result of its profoundly restrictive immigration policies, stands in stark contrast to the real economic need for immigrant labour.
I must emphasise, however, that the promotion of abortion is out of the question.
These comments do not detract from the need for cooperation with countries of origin, however, or for consultations among the Member States of the European Union.
It then goes so far as to state, however, in these very words, that the current political climate regarding asylum and illegal immigration may be – just think of it! – a possible obstacle to creating cooperation on managed migration and integration policies.
We have, however, declared ourselves in agreement with the Convention, which does not provide for this.
It seems to me premature, however, in the context of a report on employment and integration, to give third country nationals the right to vote in local and European elections.
The Council must ultimately go knocking on the door of the Member State that is accused of this, however, because we are indeed talking about mistreatment; it is not just a case of the transportation of these dogs.
There will, however, be a review of the list and there may be some extension to it.
At the same time, it is clear, however, that, if the introduction of a corps of border guards were to have any meaning at all, the Commission would, in the long term, plan to delegate a number of EU tasks to that body.
At the same time, it is, however, crucial for me to emphasise that what I want is a common policy in this area and not a common police force.
Despite all these efforts, the Tampere agenda will not, however, be kept to.
We must not, however, bury our heads in the sand: illegal immigration is also a necessity for our economy.
This common policy will, however, be less efficient if supported by only one of the parties involved and we therefore welcome the cooperation agreements with the countries of origin and of transit that have just been concluded.
We cannot agree in the same way, however, to the planned creation of a European Corps of Border Guards, which needs to be discussed at greater length.
There are still very inflexible regulations, however, which are stifling economic activity.
As a whole, however, they will remain for me a major contribution to the matter at a time when a large number of people are hard hit by unemployment and when insecure jobs and contracts are proliferating.
Now that it is like this, however, I do think that Mrs Glase is quite right when she says that that is not to be expected with the proposed amendment.
To make voting easier, however, these amendments had been arranged in blocks.
It is, however, essential that the wording of the legislation does not call freedom of movement into question.
The work on this text has however cost a lot of time, commitment and sweat. That was because of the variety of professional fields involved and also, to be perfectly honest, the flood of requests made to us by the persons concerned and by their professional organisations.
Now there is an opening in civil society; however, if we are to safeguard consumer interests on the basis of the second guideline which we referred to earlier, we have a reasonable interest in calling on the Community legislator not to turn mobility into a pretext for undermining the level of training of the professions on the move.
We cannot, however, be particularly proud of our work on this occasion.
I am, however, pleased to see that regulations concerning language requirements are being introduced that are more precise than those put forward by the Commission.
As regards the architecture profession, however, I would like to draw attention to the issue of Recital 21.
Olives in the European Union, however, are a good example of how the market functions if there is no control and only self-regulation.
What is crucial, however, is the fight against tax evasion, essential if the single market is to work well, which brings this under the remit of Article 95.
Before I do so, however, I should like to join Parliament in congratulating Mrs Kauppi on the birth of her son.
This report, which addresses the issue of job creation in the services sector, contains some positive elements, such as recognising the valuable contribution which a highly developed and dynamic cooperative services sector may make to service production, and calling for the promotion of policies to support specific service sectors, emphasising the advantages of such policies and taking into account the needs of the various regions. It also, however, delves into the complexities of the Competitiveness Council, which it calls upon to give much higher priority to the creation of an internal market for services, without distinguishing between public services and other services.
We do not, however, accept the content of one of the amendments to the report.
It will not, however, be voting in favour of all the amendments that have been tabled, some of which violate the subsidiarity principle, one example of this being European interference in local elections.
The report is adversely affected, however, by the Commission’s reluctance to put in place an integrated system of external border control, for which the Draft Constitution (Article III-166) aims to provide a legal basis.
The report rejects the idea of creating an agency to deal specifically with border control, but reiterates its support for creating a European Corps of Border Guards, comprising special units and receiving EU funding. It points out, however, that the Corps could be temporarily detached, if necessary, at the request of Member States, to help national authorities monitor at-risk sections of the EU’s external borders.
If necessary, and at the request of the Member States, it would temporarily help the national authorities secure certain at-risk sections of the external borders, without, however, usurping Member States’ competences.
One of the novelties imposed, however, by the changes in recent decades, and which has played an increasingly significant role in the last few years, is precisely that of the collective copyright management societies.
We would like this support to be more specific, however: what specific actions are being undertaken, with whom, with what means and how actively?
Condemnation of the current regime and situation, however, cannot hide the difficulties that exist and the abuses committed by countries of the region and of the West, within their framework of assistance.
One cannot help but feel deep disgust, however, when politicians from the major powers, in particular France and the USA, who are overwhelmingly implicated in Haiti’s fate, begin to lecture and moralise.
Instead of helping Haiti, however, these major powers continue to pillage the country, with the few French and USA companies established in the country paying scandalously low wages, and taking back to the USA all the profits made on the backs of Haitian workers, rather than investing profits productively.
I would like to say, however, on behalf of the Commission and in particular on behalf of my fellow-Commissioner Mr Vitorino, that we will not resign ourselves to ‘Procrastination Road’ leading to ‘Never-Never Land’.
I would, however, add further elements to this year’s timetable.
There are, however, three sets of problematical questions outstanding: the formula for qualified majority voting, the size and shape of the Commission and the scope of QMV.
The draft Constitution, however, is not satisfactory in this area.
The Intergovernmental Conference has, however, stalled on this issue and it is clear that the decision-making method which allows the veto is the real cancer of the European Union, it is that which is killing Community solidarity of any kind.
These words do not apply in this case, however, because, although they tried, the matter has not been washed away.
There are also parallel initiatives, however, that have been taken following Naples that deserve our agreement.
Competition policy will only be successful, however, if the Commission is able to create equitable conditions, whereby rules can be applied across all Member States.
Many questions were asked about the impact of the new rules; it is far too early, however, to draw a final conclusion, especially because, as Parliament will recall, the centrepiece of this structural change will only enter into force on 1 October 2005, when the location clause for dealers is abolished.
Despite the compelling arguments in favour of its doing so, this situation does not, however, apply in the skies above us, where aircraft fly over borders on a day-to day basis.
I understand the reasons for their reactions; however, if they themselves go back a bit, six or seven years back, and look at where we were then, they will see that we have before us a very important step, a very important step for Europe, a very important step for the European citizens.
I wish now, however, to stress the importance of Galileo’s later potential applications, especially in trans-European satellite-based broadband communication systems.
Thought can, however, still be given to such matters.
I would also, however, like to mention Mr Vattela and all his team, with whom we worked for a long time, often disagreeing but certainly in the constructive spirit of the European Union.
This term does not, however, include the methods through which goods are manufactured.
We take the view, however, that a number of substantial improvements have been achieved in the conciliation process, bringing the compromise more into line with our ideas, so that we can now vote for the outcome at third reading.
To do so, however, we do have to set clear recycling aims first of all; indeed, that is ultimately the objective of this legislation.
We shall, however, carefully monitor how this plan is executed and how all the work carried out is revised and audited.
These concerns are not, however, confined to Eurostat.
The Commission, however, continues to neglect its duties in this area.
At the same time, however, I welcome the clarity with which the Liberals propose a deletion, namely of the very paragraph in the Casaca report which calls for the directorates-general to answer to the Commissioners at long last.
A number of problem areas remain, however, and, indeed, several people have already alluded to these.
I must, however, emphasise that the picture that emerges from reading the report is altogether worrying.
It is important, however, that we do not continue to allow the Directors-General to take all the responsibility.
This Parliament and the Court of Auditors, however, asked the Commission to get on with it.
There are two issues, however, that I urge the Commissioner to take note of.
We are still very concerned, however, and many questions remain unanswered.
It may also, however, cause serious unemployment and hamper development unless we adopt appropriate measures to ensure that such problems do not arise in the future.
It has to be recognised, however, that the proposed method runs counter to these two objectives.
This response, the European Union's response, must not, however, be a fragmented, contradictory or ineffective response: it must be a unified response.
I believe, however, that the United Nations needs to be strengthened, to become more efficient, and to be given the opportunity to intervene promptly.
With my party, however, I will of course be monitoring closely any attempt to reform the UN.
In the background to these encouraging and dynamic projects, however, some issues remain, which are worrying while they remain unresolved, in particular the issue of the position and role of the UN’s most important member, the United States.
I am sorry to say, however, that peace and justice are not such key issues.
It is, however, essential that security for everyone, the reduction of poverty and the promotion of justice and peace are genuine practices and not just empty promises.
I feel that the proposal made by Mr Laschet represents the first phase of a reform that the UN must, however, face up to.
These hopes were, however, dashed by the fact that the great powers often used their vetoes to block the UN’s work.
Proposing a strategy for the UN and the European Union, however, we note that we ourselves have serious gaps which we need to plug.
This is tantamount to saying, however, that we prefer ‘democracies that are low on substance’, like the European democracy, to really meaningful national democracies.
It should not, however, be mere lip service.
That paragraph was, however, adopted by an overwhelming majority of the House, including the Socialists, and we ask you to amend your lists accordingly.
I must, however, disagree with some of the points it makes.
The basic principle as far as I am concerned, however, is that farmers’ and growers’ rights must be preserved.
This instrument could, however, have introduced other criteria for awarding contracts and in so doing could have provided targeted support for certain countries or regions to pursue economic, social and environmental objectives chosen by individual countries.
We believe, however, that to demand Commissioner Solbes’ resignation would be too far-reaching and not very constructive.
The report as such was constructive, however, and I therefore voted for it in the final vote.
The Council’s statements, however, have shown us that it has had a sudden attack of the scruples over the plan for a single statute for MEPs.
All this is not, however, enough to preserve a viable textile sector in Europe because China is also committed to research and to products with a high added value and never has any difficulty in quickly copying our innovations.
A particular idea of how the world should be organised was, admittedly, seriously flouted by a coalition of States, but since then it has, however, been spectacularly validated by the collective experience, to the point that the former gung-ho warriors are now appealing to the UN.
If you believe, however, that the problems associated with immigration will be resolved solely by ensuring that the developed countries open their borders, you are mistaken.
I would, however, like to draw your attention, Mr President, to the dissimilar nature of these two anniversaries.
According to the story, however, the reports from that country are marked by unprecedented abuse perpetrated against Portuguese workers.
The other point of special European interest is the inevitable remark that whatever the nature of the regulation of the agencies – however mild and indirect – it has its seat exclusively in the United States, in the form of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For the moment, however, the American Securities and Exchange Commission is silent on the subject, despite calls for changes from Congress.
The outcome should, however, be left open; we should not already be calling for registration and supervision, which can be left to the end of the process.
Regrettably, however, the Commission did not communicate its analyses or proposals by that date.
It would have been useful, however, to have brought it forward before Mr Cercas drew up the report, but I am very pleased that we were able to table oral amendments.
It should not, however, have diverged either needlessly or too far from the objective pursued, that is to say the possible amendment of the directive in order to guarantee a better level of health and safety protection for workers.
I think, however, that we must have flexibility, just as Mrs Thorning-Schmidt said.
I do not, however, see the individual opt-out as a possibility.
On the one hand, the original institutions implemented by the Lomé Conventions and confirmed by the Cotonou Convention, notably the Joint Parliamentary Assembly, have manifestly endured and are livelier than ever, and the report by Mrs Flesch clearly shows the innovative developments in the Joint Assembly in 2003. At the same time, however, the objectives and the substance of the cooperation, which these institutions are there to implement, are tending to weaken, degenerate, be trivialised, break apart and dissolve, to the point where, soon – if we let this carry on – they will consist only of financial aid with an upper limit and of standard free trade agreements that could be more a source of difficulty for the ACP countries than real instruments to aid their development.
The ACP countries will, however, only have a sufficiently strong agriculture if it is adequately protected as a budding industry as it gets off the ground.
The progress made so far is, however, modest at best, and new setbacks are constantly hindering or even nullifying it.
I wish, however, at the same time to regret the generally negative attitude to free enterprise and private ownership that emerges in the draft report.
It is not, however, the form of ownership in itself that is the most important thing, but a high degree of flexibility and efficiency in delivering these services.
It must be said, however, that one of the two Commission Communications – the one entitled ‘reform of state-owned enterprises in developing countries with focus on public utilities: the need to assess all the options’ – made for more than thought-provoking, but at the same time welcome, reading for me.
Excuse me at this point, however, for I think we are talking about ethics.
It is good to consider all the options; I believe, however, that the political option that we must propose is privatisation of enterprises with a view to seeking efficiency and investment.
As my fellow Members have said, however, we also need to deal with the causes.
This is, however, being watched very closely because of the similarity between the immune system of pigs and of humans.
This must, however, be done in accordance with transparent, open, and comprehensible rules.
It is not, however, good for it to be implemented at different speeds in different countries.
I must, however, address a number of aspects of this report that I do not think are as good. It is rather anti-reform, if I may say so.
Efforts must, however, continue unabated in order to prevent new disasters from occurring, and people, fauna and flora from paying the price.
In practice, however, this situation has led to problems in implementation, and to some constraints, which are to be expected when responsibilities are divided.
There are, however, scientific papers proving that the majority of the fishing nets most commonly used in Europe are responsible for some cetacean by-catches.
The issue of the legal and economic uncertainty involved in the application of the Habitats Directive to European waters arises again, however, in connection with the Commission’s new bans on trawling in various sectors around the Azores, Madeira and the Canary Islands.
The most pressing requirement for maintaining the fisheries sector in the ORs, however, concerns the management of fishery resources, ensuring that only local fleets can fish in their exclusive economic zone, as the rapporteur advocates, to some extent, in paragraph 12.
I must, however, express my frustration at the JPA’s inability to exert any positive influence over the situation in Zimbabwe.
It does, however, give us sufficient moral authority to refuse to accept other people’s criteria for determining whether behaviour in the area of human rights is good or bad.
Different circumstances must, however, be taken into account and the most contentious areas of the directive must be clarified, in order that we find acceptable solutions.
Everything else, however, has been set out so comprehensively in the report that it requires no further comment from me.
This, however, did not occur in this case.
We cannot, however, say that we are satisfied.
Questions like this give rise to two opposing attitudes: one part of our society withdraws into itself, searching for an illusory security behind antiquated, and sometimes tribal, slogans, which foment xenophobia and intolerance; but the overwhelming majority of Europeans, however, look to us for positive answers and always ask us what Europe is doing.
We must, however, channel the available resources towards the priorities in such a way as to maximise the benefits.
The results do not, however, depend solely on the amount available.
The time has, however, come to shoulder the responsibilities that this entails in a mature way.
Our responsibility does, however, go beyond our role at regional level.
I am afraid, however, that once again we are beginning to build the house from the roof down or, to be more precise, from the ceiling down.
Of course, we cannot, however, claim that it is a great success to have established the same reference figure – 1.24 – that we already had before.
I would like, however, to thank the President of the Commission for having reached an agreement, albeit an incomplete one.
As others have stressed, however, at this stage in the European debate – where it is so threatened by tendencies always to want to do more as well as to want to scrimp and save – the Commission should have gone a step further.
The Sapir report has, however, remained in a draw because it worries many people and many governments who do not want to hear talk of certain issues.
This cannot be allowed to happen, however, at the expense of the economically frailer regions of the old Member States.
As part of this more critical approach, however, it is essential, first and foremost, to complete the constitutional treaty and define the system of powers, also in line with the subsidiarity principle.
I repeat, however, that I believe the decision on Charleroi favours regional airports and budget airlines.
In this case, however, we return to the same problem.
It is certainly not the Commission’s place, however, to pass judgment on the actions of each and every party and I am not going to do so.
This does not, however, mean that the presence of these contaminants is not a cause for concern.
Our overriding concern, however, is food safety for our fellow citizens.
I believe that Russia for its own part is prepared to take up the challenge of cooperation; the main responsibility, however, lies with us, the EU and the Member States of the Union.
I am, however, interested in who paid for the study.
The European Parliament and the Commission cannot, however, raise their voices to help solve a crisis which is not, Mr President, Commissioner, an Italian issue, but involves the whole of Europe.
In order to maintain that position, however, requires industrial choices to be made by the Italian Government – which do not appear to be forthcoming – and a clear commitment of intent at European level.
The second, however, which is also important, is intervention in the matter of addressing the social repercussions.
In Colombia you have paid a high price in violence and political instability.This Parliament supports all efforts aimed at reforming and bringing peace to Colombia, however there are fields which still need further action.
If we ask the Council to come up with a Tampere II, however, it is also because we feel that Tampere I, in 1999, was of great value and I therefore wish to congratulate Commissioner Vitorino, because I know how much Tampere owes to his efforts.
There is first and foremost, however, a general message that could be sent to the Council and to all governments.
For the Schengen , however, there is a two-step process.
There are, however, two fundamental points relating to asylum policy that are missing.
I would, however, also like to make some critical observations and to make certain requests.
The delays and inconsistencies, however, which have been most noticeable on the part of the Council and Member States, are those in relation to the promotion and protection of fundamental individual rights.
Instead of taking countermeasures here, however, we are now to spend millions of euros on pilot projects on deportation in Europe.
The results reveal, however, a regrettable difference between divine and technocratic power.
It was, however, also a time that suffered from the hypocrisy, hesitation and deadlock that national strategy and ideological prejudice impose on the Council’s decision-making ability.
We should not, however, forget that in all these areas data protection and civil rights achievements should not be overlooked.
It certainly is important to strengthen more efficient border policies. Much more is needed, however, if the desired objectives are to be attained.
Sadly, however, there is still a long way to go.
The European Union is however committed to encouraging the progress made towards systematic and progressive efforts towards disarmament.
The report does not, however, take sufficient account of the restrictions that govern the funding of the Common Agricultural Policy.
Examination of the reality of rural life in Member States, however, reveals, in many cases, that farmers are dependent either on public aid or on the fluctuations of prices and markets, leading to a feeling of insecurity, and, in turn, to low levels of investment in modernisation and in crop diversification.
I can only express my amazement, however, at the contradictory reasoning which, on the one hand, always approves the Commission’s proposals, be they for decoupling or for lowering external protection, while on the other denouncing the risks of total adulteration of the European agricultural model that those same proposals entail.
Practice, however, differs a great deal from that ideal image.
Parliament does not, however, wish to go as far and judges the problems to be less serious.
The 1993 Directive does, however, establish a 48-hour maximum working week, thereby according basic protection for most workers, the main exception being managers.
I fear, however, we are running the risk of putting up a different kind of barrier.
It is to be hoped, however, that this grand plan does not turn out to involve relocating the Gaza settlers in the West Bank enclaves.
We will not, however, achieve anything by adopting a position like this.
The UN General Assembly is not, however, serving their interests by asking the International Court of Justice to intervene in such a basic political issue as this dividing line between the Israelis and the Palestinians.
I do not, however, want us to bow down to any such idols.
What is most urgently required, however, is a return to the core values of production and labour.
What we call for measures to support all Parmalatworkers and to compensate savers that were defrauded, in some cases, twice – not only by Parmalatbut also by those who advised them to make certain investments. We believe, however, that the Union must seriously face up to other potentially disastrous new consequences of the enormous gap between the real economy and the financial economy.
In actual fact, they were not real bonds, but promissory notes, that some banks – including some very well-known ones – recommended from their counters to their clients – keeping quiet about their true nature which they could not, however, have not known about.
The losses that savers have had to endure are, however, very clear to everyone.
Among the companies you claim are in the majority in behaving ethically and honestly, how many other Parmalats are there, however, that have still not been unmasked?
We believe, however, that there is room for manoeuvre in the case of Parmalatand the Commission must use this.
In these cases, though, we have to put aside emotional reactions and, in particular, we should not allow ourselves to be swayed by the appearance, however serious, of what has occurred and by the incentives that may result from it.
These would, however, be subject to the assessment of a designated judge.
In the case of bond-issuing firms, however, more needs to be done: documents binding on the company will need to be issued, stating what the company will do, when it will do it and what investment products will be used.
As a lawyer, I would be reluctant to embark on the task of developing the fine detail in my role as a Member of this House. It is, however, my belief that the principles we have set out in the proposed amendments will ensure that the new European loading unit does not conflict with existing international norms.
In order for the reconstruction to become a reality, however, and for the political process to be a success, a secure environment is necessary, so that the governmental bodies, the agents of international assistance and civil society can combine their efforts to reconstruct the country's infrastructures and civil institutions.
To look at the scenario Jennings describes, however, the reverse seems to be true: with the help of ISAF and NATO, the technocrats in Kabul are seeking the military and political removal of the anti-Taliban groups in the provinces.
This challenge is, however, a shared one, faced by both the international community and the European Union.
I should like to give one example, however: the construction of a women’s centre in Kabul on which work had only taken a few months.
Their work is, however, being sabotaged by the presence of the American forces.
I am, however, asking a more complex question: are bilateral agreements adequate instruments for promoting the development of human rights?
I ask myself, however, if there should not be a permanent and unequivocal push for democracy from the European institutions, which is also based on new instruments.
The partnerships provide a good framework for this; one, however, of which we have up to now made insufficient, and insufficiently binding, use.
Like the rapporteur, however, we regret that there is, as yet, no definitive report that evaluates the programme’s implementation.
We believe, however, that it is not clear that the prisoners fulfil the conditions for being regarded as prisoners of war under the Geneva Convention.
The Taliban regime was appalling. Equally appalling, however, was the war started by the US Administration, under the pretext of combating terrorism.
Do people realise, however, that in other countries, both Member States and third countries, the evidence may show that there are national public services which have operated very efficiently up to now?
In this area, however, as in many others, we should not be fundamentalists, fanatics, or, if you will, ayatollahs, which, as we shall see in the forthcoming debate on Iran, is the worst-case scenario.
It will not become a new civilisation, however, whilst the ayatollahs continue to abuse their unrestricted power, but will instead be doomed to remain an international pariah.
That, however, is precisely what the Council of Guardians wants to prevent.
A constant balancing act is, however, no recipe for long-term stability, which cannot be achieved unless the rule of law is firmly established.
As Mr Hatzidakis and the previous speakers have pointed out, however, the tanker was incontestably under the command of a local pilot at the time of the accident.
I can certainly say, however, that we all like to have the three institutions together in this House.
It stands to reason, however, that it is essential to make further progress on this in the light of the new phenomenon of globalisation.
The main shortcoming, however, is the failure of Member States of the Union to implement structural measures.
It must not, however, lead to playing down the difficulties that have already arisen in connection with the process.
At the same time, however, it reveals the urgent need to recommit to the latter. Most importantly, it highlights the urgency of making every possible effort to implement the Lisbon strategy.
When it comes to taking decisions, however, difficulties and delays abound.
Given your track record in this field, however, I am already confident that I can count on your support.
It is all well and good to refer to the internal market and financial services. It should also be borne in mind, however, that the impasse concerning taxation of income from capital and unacceptable monopoly situations needs to be overcome.
I am glad to say, however, that the Stability Pact is dead and buried, and its demise came at the hands of those who had wanted it but then changed their minds, as they are entitled to do, namely France and Germany.
I may tell you, however, that such a proposal was carried by this Parliament back in 1996, following my report on public participation in the Union’s institutional system, but it was never implemented, and this Parliament has not pursued the matter.
In actual fact, however, we are doing the opposite.
We need to ensure, however, that when the Stability and Growth Pact is reformed – as it should be – states which invest in education and training are not penalised as a result.
We, in the European Parliament, however, may not saddle industry with unnecessarily heavy administrative and financial burdens, as is the case with the proposed ‘REACH’ chemicals policy.
I do, however, believe that, in view of the Spring Summit, the Union’s Financial Perspective needs to be considered and questions must be answered.
In many cases, however, we have seen the European Union going in the opposite direction to this aspiration.
I would, however, like to highlight what I feel are the key aspects of the debate.
It has to be said, however, that the Commission’s report clearly states that progress has been made in certain areas, though there is general dissatisfaction regarding others.
It is, however, important to put discussion of research and development into context.
In my view, however, it is also important not to overlook certain other fundamental issues.
What I sure about, however, since it was I, together with a number of other Members, who called for it is that we must have regular information about the implementation of the thirty TEN projects which we shall be voting in favour of.
Parliament’s right to share in decisions must, however, be guaranteed in full.
I fully support them, however, and I also fully support the idea that this Parliament should back the Olympic truce.
We do, however, want it to be a contribution from the world of sport to the rest of the world.
In order to get there, however, we will also need new funding, because young people are not rich.
A short while ago, however, when I was listening to my fellow Members speaking about the reports on the budget and other subjects – I do apologise – but I nodded off.
Once again, however, this is not enough to reach all our citizens, or even the great majority of them.
I was always conscious, however, that the lasting impressions had been made way before school by families; by parents and grandparents.
Sound knowledge, however, may bring them a little wisdom in times of difficulty.
The Swedes were however willing to engage in a cultural dialogue with school pupils from my country.
We have, however, made clear references to, for example, the Rio declaration and the precautionary principle, as Parliament wished.
A much more radical plan is needed, however, if we are to experience a noticeable phasing out of harmful chemicals, including the highly toxic POPs.
We will, however, have the technicians carry out the necessary repairs and so prevent you from having to speak again on the same subject.
In all fairness, however, relations between the EU and the Russian Federation are anything but ideal, and for this both parties are to blame.
There is, however, another key reason for our failings, something that has been given too little attention in our deliberations.
I have not noticed any such threat being made as yet, however, although it has perhaps been discussed at times.
The usual procedure sometimes calls for global objectives to be achieved with just one conference. I do, however, believe that, in the case of the South Caucasus, we need to proceed gradually, step by step, in the disputes and in cooperation; otherwise we risk obtaining a very poor result.
During the cold war, the planning of the pipelines sought to avoid Soviet territory, but the situation is now changing. I do, however, believe that the report by Mr Gahrton expresses appropriate concerns about this and other unknown factors in the region.
I could not, however, support paragraph 19, which ‘requires an increase in budgetary allocations at European and national level’, that is to say further increased taxes.
More often than not, everything continues, however, in the same old way.
Naturally, we must not, however, turn away from the problem addressed by Mrs Gröner.
At the same time, it gives rise, however, to some concern.
In our view, however, the report goes too far in some respects.
In a few days and in a few minutes, however, we are going to vote on yet another report that argues in favour of perpetuating discrimination between the sexes.
If, however, Europe is to become a decent continent, a halt must be called to this odious trade.
Socio-economic equality, however, cannot be realised unless the balance of power between men and women is also tackled in other areas.
It is, however, an unfortunate fact that our families are in crisis.
Should we not, however, be just a little more assertive and proactive?
On some points, this Council common position diverges from the Commission’s initial proposal, but it is, however, highly innovative as regards the current .
First and foremost, however, this directive has the merit of strengthening and simplifying the very complex legislation that had tried to regulate this delicate area since 1968.
What this means, however, is that the Union’s citizens must be free to move between the various Member States, just as the nationals of one Member State move or change residence within their own territory.
We all acknowledge, however, that there are still many barriers to exercising this fundamental right – a situation confirmed by numerous rulings of the Court of Justice on this matter.
It is good that we have it, however: we both agree on that.
However, tonight we should recognise that this report – however difficult it has been – is just one piece in a very complex jigsaw in terms of countering drug trafficking and how we deal with those responsible in the future.
The Agency has, however, been denied another core competence.
I am convinced, however, that this will be a positive step towards increasing mutual trust between Member States in monitoring the common external borders.
At the same time, however, the Bureau is in the very happy position of having another two European Parliament bodies to assist it in its efforts to correctly fulfil the role allocated to it in connection with European political parties.
The injustice of this situation is, however, exacerbated by the Bureau being granted the authority, both general and exclusive, to manage subsidies, which is totally at variance with the principle of transparency.
I do, however, think that the proposal now before us is nicely balanced.
I believe, however, that official control activities, if their independence is to be ensured, should be engaged in by state institutions.
From now on, however, only acts committed for commercial purposes will be regarded as punishable.
There are problems, however, as has already been mentioned, particularly by the previous speaker.
As with any compromise, however, I did unfortunately find some shortcomings in this report.
It is important, however, that a distinction is made between conscious and unconscious infringement of copyright.
And the only means – however imperfect – the citizens currently have to express their point of view on the Community's contribution is the European Parliament elections.
That is what we have just been discussing in connection with enforcement because the problem is that, however much we legislate at European level, if we cannot have consistent enforcement, the cost of the legislation falls on people who already have the systems in place and are doing the job.
We must, however, avoid a situation in which instead of starting at 12 noon as scheduled, voting does not start until 12.15 or even 12.20.
Certainly, some of us have written our speeches, but what we talk about will, however, also depend upon the Commission.
Due to Israel’s customs practices, however, it has thus far been impossible for Member States to prevent these preferential imports or to impose taxes.
The measures taken, however, have failed to put an end to this unlawful practice.
If we accept this principle, however, and if Israel continues to violate the agreement, the European Union could forfeit all its rights to suspend the application of any part of this agreement in order to stop the violation. This would be unacceptable.
What I find incomprehensible, however, and the reason I have asked these questions, is that the European Union has been allowing Israel to violate the rules of origin in the agreement for years.
The problem is, however, now more pressing than ever before.
The preferential treatment of export products from the occupied territories is, however, not only illegal and in breach of international law, it also means that the Member States continue to be faced with the thorny problem of controls and of achieving some degree of uniform treatment.
Since 1976 Israel has, however, determined the origin of its products without making any distinction between those from its territory and those from the territories occupied in constant and repeated violation of Community law, international law and the Geneva Convention.
Is it possible, however, to imagine this enlargement without having resolved the serious dispute with Israel?
The question is, however, whether a cumulation system such as this is even possible without a solution to this problem of the preferential import of products from the Occupied Territories.
I shall not lose heart, however, and shall ask a second question.
Appropriate measures are also required, however, at Community level.
Measures required for preventing forest fires, however, are consigned to rural development, thereby undermining the continuity of measures funded thus far.
This cannot, however, be seen as a victory, since Parliament’s original proposals were in line with the limits set out by the financial perspectives.
This area, however, is strictly a competence of the Member States.
It is essential, however, that governments in Member States pay particular attention to this problem and do not leave the violence prevention campaign solely to the NGOs.
This, however, does nothing but increase the confusion and the contradictions.
Under pressure from certain lobbies, however, certain people wanted to ensure that this directive is applied with particular flexibility.
That does not, however, prevent the drugs issue from appearing high on the political agenda.
I regret, however, (and everything suggests that this is the result of pressure by the Netherlands), that judicial cooperation and extradition are not pursued more vigorously.
On the other hand, however, it sets the new system not in an intergovernmental framework but in a Community one, guided by the Commission and under the political control of the European Parliament, thus opening the way to extensions of supranational competences in the future.
Mechanisms for this purpose already exist, however, and so there is no need to create new instruments that remove tasks which fall strictly within the competence of the national authorities and which are sovereign Member State responsibilities.
Since the report did not see fit to take up this concern, however, I felt obliged to vote against it.
We do not, however, think that issues concerning the ways in which welfare is to be organised should be decided at EU level.
The report was, however, adopted (by 287 votes in favour, 196 votes against and 13 abstentions).
Let us not forget, however, that the European Parliament has direct democratic legitimacy, because its Members are directly elected by Europe’s citizens, who are those most affected by Community decisions.
Such, however, is the macabre scenario adopted by President Bush for his ‘offshore’ justice in Guantanamo Bay.
I should, however, emphasise that the Partnerships have their own priorities, the achievement of which has no financial implications whatsoever, such as the acceptance of legislative provisions.
He is not the only one, however, to whom this applies, and this is in no way intended to be a personal criticism.
We have, however, managed to reduce the number of legal bases from 13 to six and the number of budget lines from 26 to seven.
On the issue of promoting cultural diversity and defending it in the area of cinema, however, you did not mention this unsuccessful text that was – it seems to me – drawn up by the Internal Market Directorate General.
You have just said, however, that these appellations can now be used by third countries provided that they fulfil a raft of criteria, a set of requirements that you have just listed for us.
If we were to allow everyone to export sugar to Europe, we would not need an organised sugar market, but its wholesale liberalisation, which would, however, mean that at least two-thirds of European sugar production would have to be abandoned.
With regard to the proposal on olive oil, however, I can say that the approach of the Commission’s proposal is fairly acceptable.
I shall focus, however, on the consequences of this proposal for Portugal.
This proposal for a revision that the Commission has submitted, however, has destroyed this programme along with the expectations created for producers.
I can say this, however. If it were a matter for the Irish presidency we would resolve it.
It is also, however, very important to put it on the record that 25 Member States and 25 governments have a responsibility in this matter: it does not come down to the presidency.
To make effective agreement on necessary decisions even harder by fixing a QMV threshold which is so high that the focus is on forming blocking minorities rather than on reaching consensus would, however, be a formula for and the Union as a whole could not benefit from that.
It seems to me, however, that views have begun to converge and that those who stand in the way of the agreement are now fewer in number.
The question is, however, not just formal or technical: the real problem we need to overcome is selfishness in some quarters, which in any case must be addressed.
In respect of compliance, however, there are still weaknesses.
I do not want to hide the fact, however, that there are still problems in a few areas.
The key to success, however, lies in Sofia and even more in Bucharest.
The enlargement of the European Union is, however, not just a material question.
I am appalled, however, by the Council’s unacceptable position, which undermines the role of youth organisations.
Given that the Council’s official position is, however, that the agreement reached by the ministers of culture should form the basis of the common position, Parliament must amend the Council’s common position, in order that the agreement obtained by the ministers of culture corresponds to the agreement reached between Parliament and the Council at the budgetary conciliation process.
We are not, however, of the opinion that the prisoners necessarily fulfil the conditions of the Geneva Convention that would allow them to be considered as prisoners of war.
What underlies the report, however, is the fact that the demands made of the US in this report are being made because the presumed terrorists are being held in Guantanamo, comfortably far away from Europe.
There are still deficits in some areas, however, on standards in food-processing establishments, for example.
Our consumers need have no fear, however; nothing that fails to meet our standards will be allowed in the EU internal market.
It is also true, however, that the step to be taken in May 2004 is of the greatest political significance, in that it powerfully demonstrates the vitality of all the countries of Europe involved in enlargement when they are faced with the challenge that history has set for them.
The general climate between Zagreb and Ljubljana has, however, recently improved and the values of security, stability and prosperity to which Slovenia aspires are those of the European Union.
I do, however, object to amendments which accept the link between the looting of shops and the problems surrounding social security.
At the same time, however, I would express the Committee’s regret at the delay appearing in certain countries in the fields of trade, cross-border transactions and recognition of professional qualifications.
A big problem, however, is that wages remain too low to enable people to escape poverty.
We must also remember, however, to tell the people of Europe about our common European success.
On the whole, however, the conclusion of this report seems to me to be the right one.
The Romanian Government, however – for political reasons that I can well understand – insisted on 2004 as the date, and so we are entitled to expect it to make special efforts to fulfil all the conditions by then.
Wasting government funds and megalomania, however, do not solve anything.
I must, however, also point out to the Council that there was plenty of time to obtain it.
I am not certain, however, that reciprocation would be either helpful or fruitful.
The point, however, is not to impose mutual recognition at all costs.
Late transposition, however, is only a symptom of a larger problem.
Unfortunately, however, the Commission has said that this cannot possibly apply to ferries.
In the few seconds that I have available, I do, however, want to focus on the much-discussed issue of water.
Maybe we can live with this, as I myself can live with it, but it is however Europe’s consumers who have lost.
It has to be understood, however, that, in a system of social benefits, there are, on the one hand, what are termed legal benefits, having to do with retirement and sickness and, on the other hand, benefits of another type, termed non-contributory and referred to in France as optional benefits.
Unfortunately, our celebrations are commencing, however, with all the Member States erecting new walls to keep out those who wish to come from the new Member States to the 15 current Member States.
Right now, it seems, however, as if the trend is in completely the opposite direction.
This can and should, however, be developed between Member States and border regions on the basis of more practical needs instead of in accordance with the abstract principle of the organisation of the internal market.
That, however, cannot conceal the fact that we are at a loss when it comes to this issue.
Despite the observers’ dissatisfaction on a number of issues, however, the Commission’s proposal was accepted without amendment by the rapporteur, and his position was adopted unanimously by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
I should, however, like to underline the following points:
It needs to be added, however, that there are many other problems that are just as serious.
I should, however, like to raise two points.
The Commission recommended, however, that Bulgaria should not be part of the first wave of enlargement.
When it came to economic criteria, however, progress had been extremely slow.
I acknowledge, however, that important steps have been taken in order to achieve accession – most importantly the Constitution was amended last autumn.
I am, however, especially concerned about certain areas that require urgent solutions to be found.
Enlargement has, however, brought to light and made us see a new neighbourhood on the edge of Europe.
In terms of statehood, it is, however, young, having been subject to Russian and Soviet control.
This time, however, we refuse to be happy with declarations of principle and verbal condemnations whilst waiting for it all to begin again.
What I do, however, regard as a very serious matter, is that the Member in question has today told the that he knows of 7 200 specific instances in which this has happened – 7 200 specific instances!
We will, however, be watching very closely indeed.
I am concerned about it, however: there are many aspects of it which I think are unsatisfactory, but there is no doubt that it is much better than the common position, which is why I propose to support it.
We must therefore create credible regulations that are neither too ponderous and bureaucratic nor, however, too lightweight.
The Council and the Commissioner have, however, ensured a degree of balance and have not exempted companies from the transparency obligations.
The most serious issue, however – and this is neither the fault of the rapporteur nor of the directive – is that the quality of information essentially depends on accounting standards and that the situation in this area is extremely serious.
Over and above the collective relief that we feel, however, some of my fellow Members and I would like to continue to ask questions about the Investment Services Directive.
The compromise succeeded in taking account of the procedures, characteristics and individual practices of the economic and financial systems in the different Member States – I am thinking, for example, about the case of Italy – without, however, making excessive concessions to the protectionist allures of some of the systems or to those who would have wanted to see a single model implemented.
Today, however, we are once again debating this issue, but in rather different circumstances.
The date that will be considered, however, is the one that appears in the airline records.
The Commission has, however, retained a central internal audit office, the importance of which was underlined when, as long ago as the summer of the year 2000, it was placed under the Vice-President of the Commission.
What I would like to say, however, is that we are not only dealing with the scandal of breaking the Iraq embargo with EU funds.
As one of the founders of the European Women’s Lobby, I acknowledge that its primary role is to promote equality between women and men. I am pleased to see, however, that, as I have been advocating for many years, there are other women’s organisations outside the lobby, which are active at European level in the field of promoting equality between women and men and which are similarly worthy of support.
We are, however, waiting for the next step, which will put a stop to the so-called hierarchy of equality.
We should not, however, allow this concern to deflect our gaze from the problems that this directive engenders.
The directive before us, however, is somewhat limited, yet is very important for equality between persons, and in itself represents a step forward.
In politics, however, nobody is forced to do what is impossible or absurd.
We would, however, allow sex to be taken into account according to objective, verifiable and transparent criteria, to be monitored by the Member States, for actuarial calculations.
The ‘Television without frontiers’ directive also contains provisions to combat sexism in the media. The reality of the situation, however, leaves something to be desired.
I would, however, ask them to understand that we nevertheless want to include insurance in the scope of this directive.
This does not mean, however, that we should not be proactive in eliminating inequality and in promoting equality between men and women.
Nevertheless, Commissioner, political dialogue, however thriving it is, will end and come to nothing unless we translate words into actions.
In order to do this, however, we firstly need a specific policy with regard to the region.
We should, however, have the political courage to know exactly what we are talking about when we talk about poverty.
I can, however, also assure you that we shall be watching the use of comitology for amending the annexes very critically.
In accordance with this ‘low requirements for low risk’ approach, however, we should give small businesses the assurance that evidence of the results of the HACCP principle can be provided in a form acceptable to the firm.
In some Member States, however – and that is already evident – this will require a change to veterinary training.
I am concerned, however, lest there be a desire to cherry-pick the compromise negotiated with the Council.
The Commission cannot, however, support Amendments Nos 9 and 14, which the rapporteur is recommending that Parliament support.
We have, however, also managed – at any rate better than in the Commission’s original proposal – to make the proposals practicable.
We have, however, reached compromises on many points, especially in the first report, and we are therefore able to back the reports with a clear conscience.
A compromise depends, however, upon both give and take by the parties concerned.
That means that the system needs flexibility and that red tape should be reduced to a minimum, but that, however, guarantees must be in place such that the consumer can count on being given food that is safe.
In general, however, the transport conditions for this group are already excellent.
It is far more important, however, that there should be a marked reduction in animal transports themselves.
I support the proposals made in this report that will help to improve standards in live animal transports, such as setting minimum standards for the vehicles used, but above all the introduction of additional supervisory measures, because however good the rules may be, they will not work if there are no controls.
The proposed maximum transport time, however, is not totally adequate.
We believe, however, that still further progress can be made in several areas.
As regards the transport of animals for breeding, shows and competitions, however, transport for more than eight hours should require the use of special vehicles.
It must be ensured, however, that the statutory provisions are realistic and that their enforcement will not place our European farmers at a competitive disadvantage.
Above all, however, the intention is to dress everybody in the same suit: all animals in the same suit, like Chairman Mao’s suit.
Mr Eichel and Mr Mer might, however, discover the scale of their budget problems sooner.
They, too, however, must supply the quarterly data on transactions in the ‘general government’ and ‘rest of the world’ sectors.
There was, however, a chance that we had to vote on my report tomorrow, Wednesday, had the debate not been concluded.
The inadequacy of the sums involved, however, in light of the damage that has been suffered – and Portugal last year is a case in point – raises the issue of the scale of Community solidarity and of the criteria for eligibility for this Fund.
We believe, however, that the issue goes deeper and we object to the directive on three grounds:
The desire of some Member States, particularly those with direct links to tax havens, to erode the tax base is at variance, however, with their desire to attract capital savings.
Car insurance, however, functions in exactly the opposite way, as statistics show that women have fewer accidents.
I abstained from the final vote, however, as I feel that many aspects have not been given due consideration and that the vote in plenary on the amendments did not enable ...
There are, however, organisations of those with economic interests that consider such standards to create too much work and expense.
I would like, however, to underline that we are not starting from scratch: rather, we are building on a comprehensive partnership with the Mediterranean countries and a set of bilateral relations with the countries east of Jordan.
Why, as General Morillon said, are there, however, only words and pious wishes?
In my opinion, this is not, however, the point.
What we must do, however, is something that demands rather more: we must now engage in dialogue with the Arab world.
We should, however, develop a broader perspective on the Middle East.
In order to ensure a future of peace in this area, however, greater responsibility is needed and all our efforts, our political authority and our financial and human resources must be used to ensure that we get back on the road to negotiations.
Unlike many of my fellow Members here, however, I have not seen much evidence of the Americans supporting the reform movements in Jordan, Egypt or Saudi Arabia in recent years.
Hardly anything has changed, however, in the heads of the political representatives of the various ethnic groups in Kosovo.
It is true above all, however, of the representatives of the Albanian majority in Kosovo.
What we also want, however, is a stronger presence for Europe, and this is why we would point out that a European army, as called for by the Convention, is an objective that cannot be put off any longer.
An answer to the question as to what the definitive status of Kosovo should be, can, however, only be given once we have achieved a kind of internal stability that engenders trust and once there is a conviction that the two ethnic groups can live together peacefully.
We should also, however, think about what might have to be a harder line in the future in order to ensure that we achieve a breakthrough in the stalemate I was talking about earlier.
On the basis of what I am constantly being told, I believe that the smallest growers of feedingstuffs, whether this be for supply to others or to feed their own farm animals, should be exempted from this Regulation, which would, however, come into effect if additives were to be mixed in, be it by the farmer himself, by the feed manufacturer, or by a mobile mill that comes to farms for that purpose.
I see no reason, however, for approving Amendment No 17.
Above all, I wish, however, to say a big thank you to the secretariat of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, as well as to our helpful official, Mrs Köykkä, for her excellent work.
The relevant Communication action plans so far have concentrated on specific environmental factors which are harmful to health without, however, ever having evaluated the risks from the links and interactions between the various pollutants to the human body overall.
It is recognised, however, that the environment, in the widest sense of the term, plays a leading role.
This tradition of international diplomacy cannot, however, be tolerated within the context of the precise formulation of Community legislation.
If this Convention is to be effective, however, it must bear the stamp of modernity and set in motion greater participation among all those who contribute to improving the environment in Europe.
We must be careful, however, not to go beyond the limit of the so-called special legislation.
A considerable number of amendments, however, are not acceptable to the Commission.
Let it not be said, however, that we or the electors have been deceived: this is just the beginning.
In our opinion, however, it should be the Member States which make the decisions on the rehabilitation of these sites.
We lay down sureties for this; these must, however, be both secure and flexible.
Decisions on the rehabilitation itself should, however, rest with the Member States.
We have, however, also been able to identify possible ways forward and believe that all of them can be resolved.
I am sure, however, that this is just the first step on the way to even greater integration.
The most important thing at the moment, however, is that Europeans have realised that force alone is not enough to defeat terrorism.
It is, however, just as fundamental to ensure that the United Nations has both a central role to play and the credibility that this requires.
Terrorism also has an ideological component, however aberrant it may be, as well as a political agenda, and so it is necessary to confront the crisis situations that split the world and threaten its stability.
For some years, however, the European economy has been in difficulty and this threatens one of the pillars of our Union: our economic and social model.
It is not enough, however, to agree on the things that need doing; we also need serious, hard work and the means to implement them, but we do not have either.
The trend in politics, however, is increasingly to favour measures that produce a visible return before the end of the electoral term, which is much shorter.
No European country, however big and strong, has the means to do so alone.
This has not stopped the Council from announcing more of the same, however, despite the fact that we are less than two months away from the accession of a further ten countries whose economic and social situation is less than rosy.
The positive spirit of this European Council does not, however, rid us of our concerns, which were strengthened today, Mr Ahern, by your ambiguous message about the Italian Presidency’s well-known or, rather, infamous 82 items, which every so often pop up as a basis for negotiations and are just as often forgotten.
As with Europol, with Eurojust it is not just a matter of individual rights and freedoms, however serious these issues may be, but also a problem of effectiveness: indeed, you have not succeeded in conferring true powers on this coordinator for the fight against terrorism.
The most important work in the fight against terrorism, however, is the work on peace and development, and there is much that the EU can do in this regard.
The European institutions’ support for the victims must not just be moral, however, but also material.
I again want to draw your attention, however, to a proposal that is on the table, that of not specifying the number of commissioners in the Constitution, and leaving to the President of the Commission, with the European Council, the freedom to define the balance of the composition of the Commission, by simply imposing a limit of one commissioner per Member State at the most.
What is surprising, however, is that in this morning’s speeches and also in the 18 pages of the Declaration on Solidarity against Terrorism there was no explicit reference to it.
I would also like to point out, however, that we, in this Parliament, should make joint efforts with the Commission to support the Irish presidency.
We do, however, agree with the rapporteur’s view that the funds’ parameters should be set more appropriately, because they could be seen as being over-cautious.
More worrying still, however, is the fact that this policy of good neighbourliness has appeared at the expense of the EU’s cooperation and development policy, particularly with the ACP countries, Latin America and Asia.
That was not really satisfactory, however, especially since the extractive industries produce large amounts of waste.
Measures such as the European arrest warrant and the European Evidence Warrant will only be effective, however, when they are implemented by all Member States.
I do not welcome, however, references made to procedural safeguards in Amendments Nos 5 and 7.
It is the very idea of this initiative that must be rejected, however, as hundreds of organisations and thousands of European citizens have rightly demanded.
In this context, however, together with human rights and anti-racist organisations, we continue to reaffirm the need for a different immigration policy in Europe, a policy based on open borders, respect for the right of asylum and equal rights.
Croatia needs to know that this is a crucial issue, however, and it must therefore show every willingness to cooperate.
At the same time, however, we know that our EU-15 will bring many shortcomings along with it into the new EU on 1 May 2004.
Should the reply be, however, that we already have Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union, then you must understand right now that that is a false answer.
The same Members, however, mentioned concerns about excessive concentration.
The reality shows that trafficking in human organs tends to move from the south to the north and from the poor to the rich, not excluding, however, movements within a particular region.
The Commission was largely supportive of this initiative, while recognising, however, that more in-depth legal and factual examination and knowledge of the situation in the Member States was necessary.
This is precisely, however, why we must put across, with patience and perseverance, the notion that it is not the embarrassment that is the problem; the problem is the trafficking and the crime.
If parts of allocated quotas go unused because of particular foreseeable circumstances, however, then bilateral contractual arrangements between the Member States are still the appropriate way of dealing with that.
Anything more than that, however, would seriously undermine the basis of the common fisheries policy.
The review does, however, make a clearer distinction between amounts set aside to compensate fisheries possibilities and support for structural reform.
It should be noted, however, that, at the time of the decision, Portugal was excluded from this agreement, despite its historical fishing rights in the area.
We feel, however, that the wording of Amendment No 5 is more acceptable, and that this Amendment should, accordingly, be approved in plenary.
As presented, however, what the Council has produced is technically far from convincing.
There is a similarity however in that the carriers are still subject to tough requirements.
Even more important however is the point that carriers have to know where they stand, they have to know with what legislation they have to comply.
I propose the deletion, however, of the proposal on access to data concerning issued identity papers, in accordance with the advice of the Schengen Joint Supervisory Authority, along with data concerning blank official documents.
We shall, however, support this report as the symbol of a first step, one that is decisive, but doubtless insufficient.
Even more important, however, is to prevent these funds being siphoned off to meet needs elsewhere.
According to the common position of the Council, there could however only be a question of recommendation.
We have now however succeeded in substantially strengthening the powers of the Commission in this regard.
Thanks not to the problem of September 2001, however, but rather to the United Kingdom and Spain once again putting this issue to one side and accepting a formula which does not prejudge anything, either in favour of one country or the other – it simply leaves the dispute between the two countries frozen, despite the progress made within the European Union and the other countries, including those two – we were able to unblock this issue.
There is also growing informal employment, partly the result – however paradoxical this may sound – of rigid labour legislation.
In the long term, however, I believe that if the barriers to Turkey’s accession went away or were removed, it would be in the interests of the Union.
I do, however, think that Amendment No 41 will mean Turkey will be pushed out of accession negotiations.
The previous government, however – that formed by the AKP – did show very marked desire for reform and did take definite action to implement it.
As this House has observed on several occasions, however, these reforms leave a number of significant restrictions on the full enjoyment of fundamental rights and freedoms.
The main problem of the Oostlander report, however, lies in paragraph 7.
Progress has already been made, however, and we in Parliament, far from breaking this momentum, must encourage it to grow.
With Mr Oostlander’s thorough, balanced and comprehensive report, the European Parliament must, however, here and now send a signal to the European Council that Turkey is to be treated like all previous candidate countries.
These objectives, however, have yet to be achieved.
We must, however, treat Turkey just as fairly as all the other countries seeking accession to the EU despite the fact that our ability to receive them has weakened.
Partnership, however, does not automatically mean full membership of the European Union.
The difference here, however, was that both the sector and the European Parliament had been open to dialogue with the Commission and we adopted an acceptable plan in the end.
The rapporteur regrets, however, that the time is not right to take Community legislation forwards with regard to the harmonisation of indirect taxation, and thus considers cooperation to be a temporary solution.
Without wishing to jeopardise approval for the proposal before us, however, I have strong reservations regarding the fairness of the proposal across our fleets.
In practice, however, this subject is of the utmost importance, since it deals with the procedures and conditions for Community aid to the aquaculture sector.
The Commission denies this aid, however, in cases of recurrent contamination, and thus creates unjustifiable discrimination among producers.
While in general I support the proposal that the Commission has now submitted to Parliament, there are, however, two important proposals that the rapporteur succeeded in including in the report and which helped to confirm the way I would vote.
This proposal, however, intends to restrict access to funding just to the new Member States and, even then, with a contribution rate of only 35%.
The aim of this proposal, however, is that, as from 1 January 2004, the Member States should themselves be responsible for the observers and bear all the associated costs, which does not strike us as acceptable in any way.
This is at odds, however, with what the European Union seeks to achieve by rendering the provisions of the Geneva Convention sacrosanct by virtue of the reference to the Convention in Article 18 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which it intends to incorporate into the draft European Constitution.
I am, however, concerned about one item in the report and would gladly have voted against that particular item.
This new joint resolution, however, drawn up by the conservatives, the socialists and the liberals, concerning the outcomes of the European Council, serves only to back up the duplicity and hypocrisy of European integration.
Not surprisingly, this report contains a ringing endorsement of the draft European Constitution, the effect of which would be, however, to remove the definition of fundamental human rights from the competence of each nation, and to shift it instead to European level, where no one is in control of anything any more.
We are, however, doubtful that this is something that should be decided on at EU level.
The report does, however, cover several important issues such as trafficking in human beings, women’s rights, asylum policy and the rule of law, to which I would like to lend my support.
The whole assessment of the report will, however, be such that I have chosen to abstain in the final vote.
The report, and I quote, draws ‘attention to the need to ensure transparency and speed up the privatisation process’. These forced privatisations, however, have, as everywhere, lacked transparency and their slowness reflects substantial difficulties and legitimacy problems that have never been analysed.
I feel, however, that despite these limitations, the example of Croatia could serve as a model for the entire Balkan region and I therefore voted in favour.
We are not, of course, opposed to Turkey’s accession to the EU. We are, however, opposed to all those who cite religious or ideological reasons for refusing to lower a border on a continent that is already all too divided.
I appreciate that the House has voted in this way as part of the Helsinki decision taken by the Heads of State or Government in 1999. This was, however, a rash decision that was taken without proper debate or consultation and we are now reaping its disastrous consequences.
This issue has nothing to do with the past, however, and everything to do with the future.
I would, however, like to clearly associate myself with the line taken by my colleague Mr Bourlanges.
I do, however, believe in ultimately raising landfill standards to a level where they can be compared.
The principles that lie behind waste prevention and its effective treatment and recovery, however, can easily be interpreted as a threat to each other.
I will, however, make some observations by way of adding nuances.
Climate change, however, is a real threat, and for that reason the action taken to resist it should be seen as tough and dynamic.
In the enlarged European Union, we will, however, need a little more time to discuss in more detail how this goal should be established and at what level it should be set.
We do not seek a dispute with you – if, however, you are determined to force it on us then we will have no option but to fight it – but we believe that it is extremely important to seek the opinion of the Court of Justice.
In tearing down regulatory barriers we must, however, realise that consumers – the demand side of the market – are also confronted with barriers, namely confidence barriers.
That would not, however, be objectively reasonable, as the national markets still differ to a large extent, and it is there that there must be a rapid and flexible response when improper business practices crop up.
Let us bear in mind, however, that consumer goods are goods for which credit is a particular kind of credit, inasmuch as, as soon as that credit is contracted, the goods are no longer the subject of credit but rather, in a way, of a debt, since the goods lose their value as soon as they are purchased.
Bearing in mind the need to take into account the diversity of Community practices and the urgent need to make this instrument available, however, I believe it is reasonable to adopt the compromise which has been achieved, in particular thanks to the work of our rapporteur.
As previous speakers have said, improvements are needed, however, because otherwise there is a risk of the directives diluting the rights that consumers already have.
I do hope, however, that some of my fellow Members can do so, because consumers must be protected in an age when it appears that credit is never going to be repaid.
It would, however, provide rogue traders with more time to exploit the absence of effective cooperation between the enforcement authorities in the Member States.
We should not, however, lose sight of the fact that increasingly consumer spending and consumer credit arrangements are financed through loans secured by a mortgage on immovable property through so-called equity release mechanisms.
There are, however, different types of farming, and therefore it would be misleading to say that it favours non-chemical methods, because agriculture is agriculture.
My farmer's heart, however, tells me that we should, because it is a legal way of stopping imports into the European Union.
To us, however, the amendments to the text are essential indeed.
The application of a default MRL, however, raises a problem – what to do with all the national MRLs that we already have and that are not yet harmonised.
In this proposal, the Commission has taken into account the need to respect the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, basing its own regulatory approach on gradual application, without however, losing sight of regulatory developments at international level.
I want to make clear, however, that these were not differences of principle, but differences over how things are formulated and the amount of detail gone into.
I am sure things like that can be settled by the market – and you are an advocate of the market, after all – by having products that provide safeguards; a fundamental liability of the banks in such cases should be rejected, however, as should the proposal that cardholder’s liability be limited to EUR 150 when the card is lost, regardless of how they have behaved.
Coming back to consumer protection, however, may I appeal to you, Mr Bolkestein, in the ongoing discussions within the Commission, to speak up for mature and responsible citizens and see that responsibility is left with them.
The creation of the single currency does not, however, automatically mean that there is a single payment area, in which the same rules apply across the board.
After the Euro’s inception in 1999, however, two markets were established for the purposes of payments – a national market and an international market.
On the other hand, however, maximum harmonisation would leave no room for diversity and would, therefore, also cause a problem.
As rapporteur, however, I think it would be appropriate if this undertaking to consult the various parties were also recorded in the minutes of Parliament’s plenary session.
I must say, however, that I and a few others, too, were then rather surprised at how quickly this follow-up proposal for a regulation concerning gas transmission networks has come.
Even competition cannot do that without supply, however, which means, I believe, that security of supply, of natural gas in particular, will depend very much on a European foreign policy for energy, in other words diversification and security of supply through access to gas.
It must also be taken into account, however, that several speakers, and in particular Mr Mombaur, have raised the issue of guaranteeing a degree of profitability that would make the allocation of funds to the creation, construction and maintenance of the gas networks an attractive proposition.
To some extent, however, that is a side issue, bringing together industry and energy.
At this point, however, I should like to say how very constructive I feel the debates in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy and in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy proved.
I believe, however, that there is a great deal of misunderstanding about what we mean by this.
Like the other groups, however, we would like a few changes to the Commission’s proposal.
Biomass or bio-fuels, however, are very much an option.
It is true, however, that a climate of fear and misgiving developed with regard to practical implementation.
Unlike Mr Linkohr, however, I believe we were right to stick to the position of not including sinks.
I would advise you not to ban things, however, but to introduce alternatives more quickly, and such alternatives exist in theory.
In the end, however, the consumer must also play his part.
If this is to happen, the Integrated Product Policy must, however, be based upon a long-term vision of how we are to change our industrial production model.
In an annex, however, those self-same rights are being nullified, so the progress made in the regulation is invalidated in the annex.
To this day, however, Turkey refuses to acknowledge this genocide.
It is still not what we wanted, however, and we therefore hope that the amendments we have tabled will be adopted.
Very soon, however, the report cannot stop itself drifting off towards a series of federalist fads.
I will say once again, however, that we are not entirely in favour, and we will therefore vote against, because we think it is quite dangerous to bring back the ghost now and question the rigour of the scientific tests and the healthiness of the food chain.
I believe, however, that four conclusions are so important that they should be emphasised.
It is, however, true that the decision of the Commission and Parliament has been much more systematically clear than that of the Council.
This must be done, however, not only at European Union level, but also at the level of the International Maritime Organisation.
It is, however, clear that we require the seafarers and the crews of our vessels to have undergone training that makes them much safer.
Fortunately, however, it seems to me that the Cocilovo report gives some additional guidelines.
For a sustained strategy for the Eurovignette, however, the success achieved so far is not sufficient.
The Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, however, agreed to include the proposals of Parliament at the first reading in the proposal made here, in particular the definition of the driver, the range of application of the Directive and the subject of the controls.
The checks, however, should not be made too onerous for the transport sector.
Mr President, we shall vote for this document, which is aimed at implementation, that is a degree of control, of social legislation relating to road transport, provided however that amendments do not completely change the nature of its content.
In our view, however, the remarks about what we refer to as 'serious' infringements in their current form overshoot the mark.
When Parliament votes on 3 May, however, it will be composed of Members from twenty-five Member States and the enlarged Commission will be in place.
This is still no reason, however, for us now to consider a vote of no confidence, precisely because we have such excellent members of the Commission as the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, who is here today.
It is not, however, certain, of course, that anything will be put to the vote at all during the May part-session.
We need, however, to do this within a framework of clear rules that ensure that the system is effective, economical, and scrupulously respects Community rules on personal data protection.
This is not the reasoning, however, behind the report’s proposal to relax the rules somewhat as regards local border traffic. Instead it claims that ‘the EU and its neighbours can profit from putting in place mechanisms that allow workers to move from one territory to another where skills are needed most’.
People with disabilities are still, however, not accorded equal treatment and opportunities in all aspects of life.
We regret, however, that there are no specific legislative proposals, and nor is there a timetable for the submission of a directive to combat discrimination based on disabilities.
The current trend, however, is for each State to make cutbacks in its social security system, which results in the working classes’ access to appropriate care being restricted.
It is regrettable, however, that the Council has not gone further as regards two aspects.
The Council, however, chose to retain the current period of three months with the possibility of extending this to six months…
A significant risk when the EU becomes involved in areas that should chiefly be dealt with by the Member States, however, is that the body of legislation doubles.
Any such action, however, ‘shall not prevent any Member State from maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures’.
It also contains some less positive elements, however, and this report seeks to rectify those elements.
I must, however, state my approval of the way in which the Commission draws attention to over-indebtedness.
The directive falls short, however, of what was required.
It is precisely these measures, however, that Parliament and then the Council removed from the initial proposal, because they considered them to be fundamentally unsuitable.
Allowances intended to reduce pollution, however, become in turn commodities that can be bought and sold and turn into rights to pollute that the richest countries can buy from the poorest.
I feel, however, that Parliament wants to introduce an overly bureaucratic system and pointless obstacles.
It is essential, however, that we also heed the warning from industry professionals to the effect that it will take five years for the recycling market to come of age.
Like the rapporteur, however, I think the Commission is on the wrong track in basing its strategy only on prevention.
We support the basic idea behind this report, but reject, however, the wording of paragraph 11(a), stating that ‘Union intervention pursuant to Article 7 of the EU Treaty must therefore be confined to instances of clear risks and persistent breaches and may not be invoked in support of any right to, or policy of, permanent monitoring of the Member States by the Union’.
What disturbs me, however, is the idealistic sauce being poured over his resolution.
As you know, voting took more than two hours this morning: real political efficiency is required at the end of a legislative period to conclude the work of Parliament’s committees.There is something else, however: I was involved in a very important ceremony outside our Parliament early this afternoon to mark the deaths in Rwanda ten years ago, with the speaker of the Rwandan parliament and a delegation of parliamentarians who had come from Rwanda to be with us here in Strasbourg today.
The Commission, however, has proposed a further seven-year period as a transitional phase for many reasons, which I do not wish to recapitulate here.
It goes without saying, however, that the new Commission will be able to assert its own priorities in the consultation process.
The Commission’s current proposal, however, maintains the ceilings set in Agenda 2000, despite the fact that the current round of enlargement involves a further ten countries, plus another two, with incomes of less than 40% of the Community average.
A German saying, however, tells us that there is no light without shadow.
If we are really to achieve the gender mainstreaming we want, however, we need genuine local appraisals of the situation of women.
An effective regional policy, however, means that other policies have to support its aims alongside aid policies.
The report largely endorses the Commission’s proposal. It does not, however, go beyond that.
It must not, however, encourage or sow the seeds of new injustices.
This does not mean, however, that the measures covered by these programmes will no longer exist.
On the other hand, however, I cannot subscribe to the view expressed by one Member that our policy will lose its cohesive character after enlargement.
It does, however, deem 0.41% to be an acceptable minimum level for the allocation.
Parliament must deal quickly with these priorities, however, if it is to be seen to respond to concerns expressed by European citizens.
There can, however, be no doubt that the budget will be dominated by enlargement, and this is also emphasised by the general rapporteur, Mr Garriga Polledo, in his report.
Additional efforts are, however, needed to tap the full potential of the enlarged single market.
I will, however, stress that more funding needs to be budgeted for the Lisbon objectives.
At the same time, however, we have to guard against too much bureaucracy with regard to administration.
Let me, however, also make it clear that I am one of the Members who has opposed Mr Balfe's proposals most vigorously.
I believe, however, that discharge can be granted in these cases.
I do not apologise, however, for the time that we have needed.
There is still much to be done, however, but progress is being made: we welcome that and we are assured that it will continue.
It has, however, been a consistent feature of the way that governments have behaved over the last few years.
I believe, however, that behaviour of this kind is unfair.
For us in this House, however, it is especially important to find out how the introduction of Basel II will impact on our small- and medium-sized businesses in particular and which tasks still have to be addressed by the finance ministers and others in order to ensure the successful introduction of Basel II.
This, however, was not a decision of the Spanish Government but of the Cuban authorities.
I wonder, however, what discipline Mr Castro would be participating in!
We believe this topic is far too important to vanish from the agenda, however that might happen.
One thing is certain, however: there is not a 'possible' UN plan: this is the only one.
This is not reunification, however, as the Turkish occupation would continue.
We now see, however, that this slogan is also used by the President of the Greek Republic of Cyprus. That is of course unacceptable.
What the European Parliament can say with certainty, however, is that this year is 2004, not 1964 or 1974.
If we are to do this, however, we need to understand why the no vote had and has such resonance among the Cypriots.
The Quartet, with EU leadership, must disprove, however, Mr Sharon's claim that his plan constitutes a critical blow to Palestinian hopes of statehood.
We cannot put this right, however, by terminating the framework agreement that exists between Israel and the EU or by just blaming the United States.
I wish to state, however, that transatlantic cooperation must be strengthened and expanded for the benefit of the US, of the EU and of the whole world.
It is my personal view, however, that the secret filming of Members and the secret recording of their conversations is unacceptable in every circumstance, most of all when it is done by a fellow Member.
The United States has the right to ask for any data it likes before flights; this has to be done, however, through procedures that conform to our rules.
It would, however, mean that this suggestion would rule out 1000 split votes on the amendments.
The opposing view, taken by those against the bridge over the Straits, did however – if I may say so – seem to be misleading right from the start and counter, in particular, to the legitimate interests of Sicily and Southern Italy.
I cannot, however, accept the attempt to confer evaluation tasks on the EMCDDA.
With the elections imminent, the Council has, however, blocked reform of the constitution, and the European Parliament has been obliged to accept that the reform of allowances could indeed be carried out separately.
This is not the case, however, for the voters.
In drawing up this action plan, particular attention must be paid, however, to the need to respect a set of guiding criteria, specifically the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality and a degree of flexibility as regards the way the plan is used.
The rapporteur is extremely quick, however, to reject the idea that payment service providers should be held to account in the event of merchant-customer disputes, the idea of maximum charges for closing bank accounts and the idea of restricting the personal contribution by customers in the event of unauthorised transactions.
It does, however, give the European people an unwarranted sense of security.
It must be emphasised, however, that the June Movement cannot support the ideas concerning a European coastguard service.
At the same time, however, we consider it necessary to put a stop to the ruthless exploitation suffered by crews on many vessels.
It is also fair to say, however, that the US has achieved this on its own merits.
All too often, however, the between the United States and Europe make the headlines.
We must, however, work to maintain our dialogue and to cooperate in areas of shared interest.
It also states, however, that this struggle must remain within the bounds of international and humanitarian law.
This year’s report, however – in contrast to all its predecessors during this legislative period – has not been born under an auspicious star.
At the same time, however, I want more generally to draw attention to the methods that have been used, which this time have been scandalous.
At the same time, however, we need to look to the future.
In this respect, I would simply remind you, however, that this suggestion has to be seen in the context of the Commission’s recent proposal on the future financial perspective, which envisages a simplified architecture for the Community’s external assistance and which therefore will also have significant implications for the future operation of the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights.
This opening up of the competition, however, has now been refused.
We do not, however, disagree on the fundamental issue, because we have the same fundamental idea: to ensure that European capitals of culture continue to be real springboards for European cultures and diversity.
The unfortunate reality is, however, that we have found, and are still finding, that Europe’s citizens are not yet as mobile as we would like them to be.
The important thing, however, is that it is an open portfolio, and I believe there are two reasons for this.
The majority of them, however, have an anti-European soul and a merely national conscience.
Those responsible must, however, be punished in proportion to any mistakes that become apparent.
The question, however, is whether the systematic discrediting of the EU institutions should be allowed to become a means whereby political debate is carried out.
Nothing is, however, so bad that there is not some good in it somewhere.
It still does not apportion direct responsibility, however, and we are thus weakening those in the Commission who are working to bring about honest accounting and transparency.
I would like to go on to say, however, that, with the new Directive on railway safety in the Community, we will for the first time be developing a European safety standard for railways, that we will be overcoming the small-state approach to questions of safety and will in fact be introducing rules across the Union for a uniformly high level of safety for private and public railway companies.
It is, however, annoying that the Council refused to reduce the number of members of the board of the new European Railway Agency, as Parliament wanted it to.
On the European Parliament’s side, we succeeded, however, in introducing a legally binding document whereby the Commission is to carry out a thorough review of the structure and composition of all the authorities.
From this point of view, the conciliation that has been achieved moderates the more radical proposals without, however, discounting a future opening-up of the market to passenger rail transport.
Here we find that although a study has now been produced which is already recorded by the competent experts internally, with the results of which, however, we are apparently not satisfied, we would also like an impact study, which quite simply shows what problems we are expecting to get through the Basel II legislation, and we would like today to have an impact study by the Commission, and the Council has also insisted that we should get one.
That does not, however, mean that we do not have to take a very practical and critical look at these guidelines and at the need to adapt to changes in growth and employment.
It did, however, also become clear that more progress with the reforms is needed in order not to jeopardise the achievement of the Lisbon objectives.
There is, however, in my opinion, another subject that weighs down European growth, and I think that this is the euro.
I could reiterate many of the positions formulated by my fellow Members; however, I shall comment for my part on certain points which I consider should be highlighted.
It would appear that this issue, however necessary everyone considers it to be, is not easy.
Let us not evade the issues, however: the economic environment we have in Europe today is very different from the one that formed the backdrop to the Lisbon Summit in 2000.
We also have powerful limitations, however, such as those resulting from too strict an interpretation of the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP), which demolish all the efforts we make.
I would, however, ask Mr Barón Crespo to withdraw the allegations he made in the plenary yesterday, which are, unfortunately, not recorded in the Minutes.
But now the report is before the House and the House must now exercise its mandate however it sees fit.
In that case, however, we should have acted accordingly, which we have not done.
There are, however, countries in our European Union where freedom of expression is much more seriously threatened.
In the meantime, however, several fellow Members of other groups have informed me that they wished to be able to vote on certain paragraphs.
I would, however, inform my fellow Members that, in adopting paragraph 62 they have condemned the Italian governments of the last few decades, including the D’Alema Government.
In Parliament we are, however, as legislators, not obliged to say that we are in agreement with the Commission, but obliged to say what we ourselves want, as a Parliament.
The beekeepers believe, however, that varroasis control should be carried out through a specific programme, as happens with other diseases in other animal species.
It is also essential, however, to take account of the forthcoming enlargement of the European Union and to provide for an increase in the budget allocated to the beekeeping sector.
The European Parliament should take the same stand; however, it appears to have been converted by interests and pressure a long time ago.
The Commission is, however, absurdly stopping aid programmes, in the form of measures in support of the honey analysis laboratories.
The Member States have agreed to an extension of the Commission’s powers in this area so as to facilitate the enforcement of the Community rules without, however, ruling out the enforcement of tougher national legislation.
I believe, however, that the ‘twin-headed capitals of culture’ proposal may prove inappropriate in that it will tend to reduce public interest in these events.
While this report is a very good example of what we can put in place for training young people and stimulating employment in the Union, I would, however, like to draw attention to the fact that standardisation ‘at any cost’ is a mistake. Applying this policy to the curriculum vitae would once again illustrate the Commission’s regrettable tendency to want to interfere in even the smallest details of our daily lives to the detriment of individual peculiarities and originality that are sources of mutual enrichment.
It should be emphasised, however, that although human rights are considered to be a universal objective, observance of these rights must not be a prerequisite or a condition for relations between States.
Europe is, however, one of the richest regions on the planet.
It is too early, however, to tie ourselves to a percentage limit at a time when we do not know more about the political content of the future financial perspectives.
Before we increase the budget, we must, however, review what can be cut down on, since the present budget is anything but watertight.
We condemn the endeavour to reduce the resources available for social and regional cohesion, however fake these objectives may have proven to be, and to increase resources to serve plans to wage war on and persecute the peoples of the ΕU and third countries.
I must, however, register my disappointment at the treatment of the outermost regions, and in particular Madeira and the Canary Islands.
We must, however, look carefully at the doubts raised as to the competence of the bank’s management and at accusations of a lack of transparency at the EIB.
Our Union, however, is in the process of multiplying procedures to the point where there will soon be more inspectors than people being inspected.
Criticism of the situation in Italy must not, however, be used to deflect attention from what is happening in other countries.
In that case, however, we should have acted accordingly, which we have not done.
They did no such thing, however, and, in any event, such an attitude is disgraceful.
The basic problem, however, is that, through a dubious issue of procedure, Parliament was not given the opportunity to vote on the amendments that had been tabled and that were aimed at improving the report.
We believe, however, that the report should have been confined to those areas of human freedoms and rights that are part of the UN Charter.
There is, however, no reason for taking a less serious view of violations of human and democratic freedoms and rights, just because these are committed in poor countries.
Apart from neutralising mines, however, they need to pay greater attention to education, research and more general information in connection with the danger and how to prevent it.
I am aware, however, that people who have been shown to have collaborated with an aggressive power would be imprisoned in our countries as well.
I cannot, however, under any circumstances accept revenge policies, excommunications and witch hunts.
As Mrs Karamanou rightly points out, however, problems do exist that are not solely related to women.
Please allow me, however, to stress that this breathing is not without its worries.
It does appear, however, that the Council is unwilling to respect Parliament's verdict.
Care must be taken, however, not to introduce any element into the double majority system that may cause confusion, as this would divest it of its major advantages from the public’s point of view, namely, efficiency and clarity.
Furthermore, prominent Members of other groups of this House, or their political family, have taken on some of our arguments, even our wording, for which I am most grateful, albeit juxtaposing certain ideas that I would consider contradictory. This is nothing, however, that a calm public debate could not put right.
Adopting the Constitutional Treaty is, however, impossible unless citizens of the Member States can identify with such an important document.
An ordinary day will, however, dawn following this celebration, an ordinary day in the life of the European Union, characterised by negotiations, discussions and compromises.
It is, however, firmly based on Christian values, which united the States and peoples of Central and Eastern Europe, and which became enshrined in the May Constitution.
In certain places, however, it gives rise to doubts, emotions and debate.
Above all, however, we are aiming at a democratic and united Union, a Union in which all states and citizens are equal.
The trouble is, however, that the European Union is not, strictly speaking, a State.
This affair has not, however, turned up at completely the wrong time.
As the President deemed the motion admissible, however, and put it to the vote, I did vote, and did so in favour of censure.
It does not, however, bring a complete end to divisions within our continent.
We accept, however, that the people of Cyprus have made a democratic choice.
Allow me to say to you, however, that your thanks and courtesy have been reciprocated.
The world is, however, larger than the EU, even an enlarged EU.
I should like, however, to point out that, for us, the enlargement of united Europe, over and above its historic, political and economic importance, is also a huge challenge for a Europe without partitions and without exclusions.
An asymmetric liberalisation of internal trade springs to mind, a helping hand to which the EU should, however, attach political conditions.
Turkey does, however, have a major role to play in the EU’s neighbourliness policy.
Once a round of enlargement has taken place, however, Member States should be treated equally.
‘A Christian’s first question, however, is not, of course, how do I stand to benefit, but what can I give?’
This enlargement does not, however, signify the end of the enlargement process in Europe.
We should not, however, forget other Balkan countries during this process, namely Serbia, Macedonia, Albania and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Today, however, we cannot claim that Turkey is ready to open negotiations.
Such stability and security pacts should not, however, be at the expense of Europe's worldwide contribution to the fight against poverty and to ending conflicts.
It must, however, be followed by further historic enlargements.
If nothing is done in this State, however, then everything will carry on as before for many years to come.
As time goes by, however, developments themselves, history itself, finalises things, and events are placed in their real proportion when developments themselves confirm them or cancel them.
I believe, however, that history will not gainsay us and will confirm the political and historic values of this promising step of recent enlargement by Europe.
United Europe, however, must be constructed on the basis of a forward-looking perception, with positive prospects, supported on principles of humanitarianism, freedom, diversity, pluralism and peace.
There is, however, a sort of European social exception: the general awareness among our peoples that the economy must serve the well-being of society and of the environment.
Without growth, however, stability leads to a social desert.
The Europe that these countries have joined is, however, beset by crises.
All that will, however, only count if we are capable of creating an awareness of Europe in the minds of 450 million Europeans, and this Parliament, too, is called upon to do so.
Our success, however, the success of these two areas, will require solidarity from you, the representatives of the richer part of Europe.
From an economic point of view, however, the new Member States became part of the European Union long before 1 May 2004.
Lower social taxation, however, gives enterprises a competitive advantage in the short term, and this leads to discontentment among enterprises in countries with higher taxation levels.
The key to this, however, is education, training, life-long learning and furthermore, research and development.
There can, however, be no Budget solidarity without fiscal solidarity.
At the same time, however, there have been some very positive developments.
This does not mean, however, that we must dispense with Europe’s social heritage, which is so important for our citizens.
During the last fifteen years, however, we have been able to learn quite a lot.
Emphasis must be placed, however, on managing the disadvantages of globalisation, increasing the number of jobs, and enabling the accession countries to catch up, with retention of the main elements of the social model.
We have also encountered various problems, however, which are becoming especially relevant in the context of the common European economy and social policy.
It will not, however, work this way whilst we fail to take account of the experiences – both positive and negative – of the new Member States.
It sometimes happens, however, that a wonderful idea loses out against ruthless interests.
Conditions must be right, however, for small businesses to flourish, given that out of small acorns large oaks trees grow.
In any process, however, such as the one with which we are currently occupied, we must not forget to look forward.
I do think, however, that the Slovenian constitution is particularly good.
In that debate, however, another procedure was discussed, in the event that neither the Council nor the Commission would take Parliament's opinion into consideration.
This debate, however, has always been frank, open and constructive.
These Commissioners will, however, take part fully in College decisions, and their votes will have the same weight as those of all the other Commissioners.
Over the last eight years, however, I have also been working in connection with the institutions and particularly in the world of communication.
I do see a need, however – and here I go back to what you said, Mr Vila Abelló – for much more incisive work on communications: until now, in fact, our communications have always gone through national media and so they have reached the people indirectly, and sometimes with major problems of distortion.
This can also include commemorations of particular personalities, which must, however, be decided in the context of this true mutual collaboration.
Today, however, this group has unanimously applauded your work and your speech.
What you are requesting has, however, already been decided.
I feel, however, that it was in the Conference of Presidents that, as far as I am concerned, I was really able to appreciate your qualities.
We also know, however, that flexibility is not only necessary in the case of small countries.
To conclude I would like to state that the diversity that exists within the European Union is positive, however, it is this same diversity that requires flexibility.
We respect Mr Geremek as an eminent European intellectual, and we recognise the importance of the role he played as a political player during a crucial period in the history of our continent. We cannot, however, support his candidacy when it comes either to the very orthodox options he perceives in economic and social matters – options we believe are at the heart of the disaffection demonstrated by our fellow citizens at the last elections, both in the old Member States and still more so in the new ones – or when it comes to his positions on the war in Iraq, which is, for us, the symbolic issue.
Mr Wurtz, you are always, however, an honest partner to have, including in the Conference of Presidents, and I have personal regard for you.
My friends, Parliament would, however, be somewhat out of balance if one Liberal were now to be succeeded by another, and if the second-largest group in this House were to be kept out of the Presidential office for at least twelve-and-a-half years.
I would, however, like to put on notice the Group of the European People's Party and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament.
I have come here today to report on the outcome of the June European Council and on the work of the Irish presidency of the Council for the first six months of 2004. Before I do, however, I want to outline the two key principles which underlined Ireland's presidency and indeed underpin Ireland's general approach to European affairs.
We are still moving forwards on the Tampere programme, which now, however, must enter a new phase of implementation.
Protocol, however, is the symbolic expression of an attitude.
At the same time, however, Ministers have been called to order for failing to observe the rules which they themselves laid down.
When anyone exercises responsibility, however, there are always grey areas and there are failures.
, I believe, however, that the most important issue during your Presidency has been enlargement.
At the same time, however, there will be genuine concerns and many opposing views will be raised.
Thanks to this work, however, it now costs European consumers less to fly, to connect to the Internet and to make payments from one country to another in the Union compared with five years ago.
The Commission has, however, laid a solid basis for the eventual success of the operation.
The Commission, however, is not just the College of Commissioners.
At the heart of this text, however, lies the principle of the law of the country of origin, by virtue of which the social law of the supplier country would apply everywhere.
I should, however, like to make a few recommendations.
One should, however, bear in mind that Latvia has experience in cooperating with Russia regarding energy supplies – unfortunately Russia does not always operate according to market principles.
Before suspending the debate, however, we are going to give the floor to the President-in-Office of the Council, so that he may respond to the comments made so far.
Above all, however, in December the European Council will have to take a crucial decision on whether or not to open negotiations with Turkey.
This, however, is precisely the philosophy that Lisbon refutes, which is why it emphasises the rest.
That does not mean, however, that everything has to be thrown out, that all protective and corrective measures have to be done away with.
I should, however, refer to the fact that the constitutional traditions are different.
We can however work on getting minority languages made official languages so long as we provide the necessary capacities.
At the same time, I would like to point out, however, that the issue is also that this confidence must not be abused.
– Mr President, on behalf of the independent Slovak members of the people’s party, the HZDS, I can assure Mr Barroso, that, as realists, we support his development plans, and particularly in science, research and education, a limiting factor, however, in the progress of the European Union is the rationalisation of the common agricultural policy, which is a highly challenging area in terms of budget.
Your candidacy does bring certain questions to mind, however, which I shall now put to you.
Please allow me, however, to offer a comment and a recommendation for what I hope will be strong parliamentary support.
In many cases, however, the disasters are the result of a lack of prevention and an absence of adequate resources to fight the flames.
Above all, I am concerned, however, about the need for shared effective technological development, because, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, the European Commission must do what the countries or the regions cannot do.
The EAGGF funds or the rural development policy cannot, however, carry the whole burden of this serious problem, Mrs Wallström.
We cannot, however, show our solidarity with words alone.
This is, however, not a licence for stagnation.
It is much more important, however, to look for ways to avoid situations like this in future.
I can also tell you, however, that, although we have no difficulties of any substance as regards the content of the Commission proposal, the political significance of this issue means that we do need more time to examine it more closely.
Terrorism of all kinds is to be condemned. The debate currently taking place at world level, however, especially in our western and developed world, concerns how to combat terrorism in all its forms, rather than condemning it.
I would like to reiterate, however, that we remain fully prepared to enter into dialogue and open to any suggestions made by the Council or the Member States best placed to promote an agreement.
The House must continue its usual legislative work, in which the Reach Directive on chemical products stands out. In addition, however, there are three important matters to be discussed before the end of the year.
Everyone here in this House knows that our group did, of course, support José Manuel Durão Barroso as President-designate of the Commission; that does not mean, however, that the healthy tension that exists between the Commission and Parliament has thereby been dissolved.
For that reason, I am grateful to you for referring to your establishment of a working party to arrange matters efficiently, which should also, however, continue to make it possible for any man or woman in the European Union, irrespective of their school or university education, to have the opportunity of being elected to this House and working in it.
We are convinced that we must be involved in the Constitutional Treaty ratification debate, but we must, however, avoid making the mistake of campaigning too one-sidedly and shutting the door on those who do not think that this Treaty is the best solution for tomorrow’s Europe.
The democratic problem is, however, that the national parliaments will lose much more power than the European Parliament will gain.
So far, however, the continuous efforts of the Union, the talks, have not yielded any tangible results.
In recent years, however, the authorities of that country have refused to apply tax exemption to European Union debt, which undoubtedly hinders the entry of that aid and, therefore, its use and access to it by Belarusian society.
Belarus is our neighbour, however, and we cannot abandon the Belorussian people to their fate.
This does not mean, however, that we need to give up.
Information which Belorussians find on the internet, to which they do have access, is less censored, however the level of computerisation in that country is poor, and so a large part of society is fed state propaganda.
Right now, it is, however, unlikely that contacts will be improved as long as there is no decisive turnaround in the policy conducted in Belarus.
What I would like to know in greater detail, however, is its position as regards issues that concern it directly.
Although the rapporteur’s intentions have not appeared in the report – the approval of Commission decisions to create a general mechanism for correcting imbalances in the Community’s own resources – we must, however, restate our strong opposition to the Commission’s intentions and those of the main financial contributors; after all, you cannot remedy one injustice by committing another.
I would like, however, against the background of our experiences over the last few years – and this is what I understand by stocktaking to offer some lines of thought on the main areas of concern for the future.
The aspects mentioned so far, however, also need financial support.
We must also, however, focus on local security: the security of every person’s immediate surroundings.
In my opinion, however, if we are to have a healthy and sustainable economy in Europe, the Stability and Growth Pact must be kept as it is.
Relocation sometimes takes place, however, because we do not consider our objectives properly, but rather the instruments for achieving them.
In this connection, however, I should like to emphasise that the payment appropriations which the Council determined in its draft budget, even after this discount, are still significantly higher than the implementation level in the previous years.
The Council, however, has restricted the appropriations for a few budget lines that are not based on multi-annual programmes.
The Council has, however, adopted the amounts proposed by the Commission for reconstruction in Iraq.
In order to fund these priorities under the existing ceiling of Heading 4 of the financial perspectives, however, the Council has applied a small, proportionate reduction to the amounts proposed by the Commission for the principal budget lines; the appropriations for international fisheries agreements have been given proportionate consideration.
I would, however, remind you that our institutions had already decided beforehand against the deployment of the flexibility instrument for administrative expenditure for 2005.
Given the expected implementation level of these measures, however, the Council has slightly reduced the payment appropriations as proposed by the Commission, and has brought them into line with real needs.
In real terms, however, and taking into account the previous amendments to the budget, the surplus amounted to over EUR 10 billion, which is equivalent to one tenth of the EU’s 2003 budget.
The figures are, however, clear: in recent years, national budgets have increased by 22% while over the same period the Community budget has increased by 9%.
I think it is transparently obvious, however, that the Council’s administrative budget has increased at a rate of almost 5% in relation to the budget for 2004, in which the overall increase for all the institutions is one of 3%.
It may at times, however, be easier for the large institutions than for the small ones to make savings.
We will, however, have a suitable opportunity to pay tribute to this in October.
With specific regard to budget implementation, however, which the Commissioner is right to say has now improved, cuts to payments, meaning a current reduction in real terms, are not a policy that we can support.
It is, however, a good tradition for the Council and Parliament not to criticise each other’s budgets and to leave them intact.
We should, however, make our repayments from the EUR 3 billion in such a way that each Member State receives a share of the surplus.
Member States, however, were at that time not able to agree with a view shared by the Commission and this Parliament.
This is not, however, the responsibility of Eurostat, it is the responsibility of the World Health Organisation.
I do not agree, however, with two points that he makes.
All of these elements must be coordinated so that the outcome is practical action. It is true, however, that apart from in the area of medicine labelling, we have no legal basis at all at our disposal for harmonising and for taking the major steps forward, as we should be doing.
I must point out, however, that the authorisation has not yet taken place and that an application relating to it, presented, I would emphasise, in accordance with the 2001 Directive, is being examined.
I have, however, been a Commissioner for five years and I have spent these five years talking to the port sectors on various occasions.
Numerous countries have such rules within the framework of a package of measures to prevent abuse; however, the directive does not introduce the right for workers on fixed-term contracts to become permanent employees.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we naturally share Parliament’s stated desire to come to the aid of the civilian communities of Darfur and to put an end to a civil war that has been appalling from both a humanitarian as well as a political perspective, and to do so, as has already been mentioned, with the support, for example, of the African Union’s initiatives. While it is useful and essential, however, to be a good fire-fighter, I feel that it is even more essential for us not to lapse into starting fires of our own.
Even in the areas that the war has not touched, however, we saw immense poverty.
The issue is, however, that of how the conflict is best to be resolved.
We should all recognise, however, that this is not the time to read Russia lectures about Chechnya.
The firmness that we demand, as has been mentioned, must never, however, be at the expense of what makes us strong and what we strive for, which is democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
When, however, children were taken as hostages, the result was an effect that has gone unnoticed by our media.
It does, however, have something to do with the power of a tsar whose democratic legitimacy is dubious.
These questions, however, arise in a very similar way in respect of the Caucasus, Iraq and the Middle East.
I would not pretend, however, that all is well.
To achieve this, however, generic words and statements are not enough.
Political proposals would, however, be out of place, as we do not have the authority to conduct a common foreign policy.
These fishing opportunities appear miniscule, however, in view of the traditional and historical relations between Portugal and Cape Verde, but this is also a reflection of the fisheries policies of a CFP that has gradually led to the destruction of distant water fishing fleets, as in the case of the Portuguese fleet.
Before we can do this, however, we need a common EU foreign policy.
The EU must, however, play a part in that process, in these turbulent and dangerous times for all of us.
My second point concerns the draft constitution, in which Arabic and Kurdish are recognised as official languages. Assyrian, however, is not, despite the fact that more than 10% of the population speak it.
There are those, however, who have denounced this enormous sham, and it is essential that they do so because people now have access to information that was previously non-existent or much less complete.
In practice, however, in many countries the evolution of debt has not been as expected due to the application of exceptional measures or the appearance of implicit debts.
We are, however, firmly opposed to life-prolonging measures for an instrument which is designed to destroy the European social model.
What is unacceptable to us, however, is that the Stability and Growth Pact should be adapted to please a few governments.
My group, however, would insist on two other items, which my colleagues will address, as it seems to us that additional measures are needed.
I would, however, like to make it quite clear that these reasons must be specified.
We can only regret, however, that these proposals have come to light only after successive years of non-compliance by France and Germany, and are really little more than a cosmetic exercise that lets France and Germany off the hook.
A critical view should however be taken with regard to an issue which is given much space in the communication, namely that of placing greater emphasis on the Commission’s recommendations on economic development.
I also agree that the Commission had examined the experiences of previous years and, in the area of implementation, it foresaw more flexibility which must, however, strengthen the willingness to observe strict framework conditions.
One must be careful however, that for the unity of the requirements system an equal judgment must prevail.
Every effort must, however, be made in this connection in order to ensure that Europe, and, more specifically, the text of the Constitution, are actually debated.
The problem with a referendum, however, is that while it is the most democratic process, it is also, by its nature, the most likely to be used for the wrong objective.
It is important because anyone who reads this Treaty will see that, however you look at it, Europe will, thanks to the new Treaty, become much more democratic.
That is what was said by the majority in this Parliament, as indeed it is what is said by ‘Women on Waves’.Portugal, however, has refused to allow the ship access to the port, which is bizarre.
Access should not, however, be denied on the grounds of public order either.
Like the Socialist Group in the European Parliament (PSE Group), I wonder whether the Portuguese Government’s decision to prevent the Dutch ship from entering its territorial waters was a breach of international law. I also, however, view it as a ban on the provision of care to fellow European women.
I do, however, find it unacceptable to behave as if information were the point at issue.
The hypocrisy has now, however, reached new levels of insanity, with the ban on entry into Portugal of the ship belonging to the ‘Women on Waves’ organisation.
Regulated commercial trade in these species is allowed, however, such trade must not be detrimental to the survival of the species concerned.
I should, however, like the Commission to clarify the position to be adopted by the EU in these negotiations with regard to two points.
Since three other people have been abducted this morning, however, I feel that the text should be brought up to date with today’s events.
There are, however, a few observations to be made in respect of the summit.
What is decisive, however, is the attitude of the competent Serbian authorities.
Above all, however, the reforms contained strong political messages and were designed to restore the Commission’s legitimacy, independence and efficiency.
More than anything else, however, there is one element that has characterised my Commission and of which I am particularly proud: its collegiality.
We have to be honest, however, and admit that many objectives in this field have not been met.
I would, however, like to thank all the members of the Commission for their commitment and wish them all the best.
It leaves behind a Europe which found that road at Lisbon, however hesitantly we have stepped down it.
I will not, however, hide from you our disappointment at the failure to solve the Cyprus issue, regarding which we had long been asking for a firmer initiative from the Commission, which unfortunately was not forthcoming.
On at least three issues, however, we have found ourselves on opposing sides.
What public lesson has, however, been drawn from this turn of events?
In conclusion, however, today we are sitting in a Parliament that represents 25 countries and not 15, and the credit for this is yours, Mr Prodi.
This favourable response to Turkey, however, a country that is not European, whether in geographical, political, cultural, historical or religious terms, is worse than a mistake. It is a crime against the true European idea.
It is an effort, however, that is being increasingly understood.
I would like, however, in the short speaking time the Presidency is allowing me, to deal with three very clear and specific points so that we can focus the debate on them, if the honourable Members so wish.
In the realm of security, however, there remains much to be done, and it is the responsibility of President Arafat to delegate real powers to his Prime Minister in relation to security; so that he can act and actually does act by means of his Interior Minister.
It is not just in Palestine, however, that a situation of this nature is arising.
In any event, however, it is also very probable that the elections scheduled for 2006 may have to be brought forward to 2005 for the reasons I have just explained.
We must also say clearly, however, that the European citizens, who pay taxes in Europe, cannot be paying out money permanently if the operations being funded do not lead to the desired objective, which is peace.
It must be said, however, that without political progress, without an improvement in the security situation and without a more effective dialogue with Israel, it is going to be incredibly difficult to continue to justify that sort of help and that sort of expenditure.
Mr Solana, however, posed the question as to what is to be done in such a situation.
Anyone who has military helicopters and missiles is not however a terrorist, but a soldier, and it is immaterial whether very many more civilians are killed by these means than by suicide bombs.
Here in this Parliament, we are neither an NGO nor people who sign blank cheques, for we monitor the issuing of our cheques. We cannot, however, resign ourselves to this powerlessness and to the idea that Europe would forget international law.
I would insist, however, that the four points I have mentioned require the contribution, support and understanding of the Palestinians and of the Israeli Government.
I would also like to stress, however, that I have talked about something else; we cannot carry on simply with a gradual process.
Russia remains, however, in a key position to resolve these regional conflicts, and not only in Georgia. It cannot, however, continue to engage in double-dealing by, on the one hand, supporting the international community in its efforts to help the Georgian authorities establish a state governed by the rule of law and, on the other hand, supporting the Abkhazian and Ossetian separatists by, for example, granting them Russian passports or opening the railway line linking Soukhumi and Russia.
The urgency of the situation is such, however, that the EU needs to go further.
I should like, however, to emphasise two other points in particular: first of all, relations with Russia, as several of you mentioned.
These countries, with their European values, belong in Europe. For the time being, however, we must continue to operate within the framework of the neighbourhood policy and continue to make use of all the opportunities afforded to us by this mechanism.
Let us be under no illusions, however; over the next five years priority must be given to common regulation and a common legal immigration policy for the countries of the European Union.
Now, at a time when everyone would like police forces to be able to exchange information but when, however, prudence is the order of the day when it comes to the transmission of data, the following situation arises: police forces clearly have a lot of difficulties exchanging information, whereas data is spread to every corner of the world under unsatisfactory legal conditions.
In the case of many Members of this House, however, these lofty principles fail them when it comes to decisions at home.
The report’s nicely polished exterior is, however, a legal ‘Potemkin facade’.
Federalism in conjunction with supranational power means, however, a weakening of the legal systems that have their democratic basis in the Member States.
An area of freedom and justice, however, cannot be built on the basis of responses or reactions to attacks and we do not want to see the third significant initiative relating to this area being taken following attacks.
Before I give him the floor, however, I should like to point out to the Dutch Presidency that, in the sittings in which the Council speaks and makes statements, the Presidency’s agenda must be set in such a way that it can attend all debates.
If, however, government action is based on fear, the rights are often also the first to suffer.
It is becoming evident, however, that it is increasingly difficult for individual countries to deliver on those guarantees, so we are obliged to pool resources, provided that diversity and tradition in this regard are respected.
It is the case, however, that if no asylum application is submitted, people can be returned to the country of origin, or at least of transit.
Currently, however, the estimated date is given as 1 May 2007.
It will not start its work in good time, however, unless preparatory work is done to provide office space and undertake other tasks to establish the Agency in Helsinki; faster, moreover, than has currently been the case with the establishment of the Office of the Data Protection Supervisor.
We cannot, however, ignore the fact that any change to the current system will have considerable effects in the countries that currently benefit from that system.
In relation to the new GSP+ system, which we consider to be of benefit, given that it supports sustainable development, it seems essential to us, however, to define criteria that are clear, reliable and at the same time realistic.
The European cooperation policy, which has as its goal the eradication of poverty in the world, cannot in fact be limited to development programmes, however detailed, substantial and advantageous they may be in many cases, but must make use of all the means at its disposal to promote growth in the most disadvantaged countries and thereby facilitate the economies and the exports of those countries as much as possible.
Today, however, I should like to comment on the case of women and young people.
We in the European Union, however, must do all we can to try to promote a clean image of sports and physical exercise.
You can take great satisfaction, however, from the fact that your suffering has not been in vain and that your personal fight has made a significant contribution to the changes that have taken place in Turkey since you were elected as a Member of Parliament.
Doping, however, has become a scourge the world over.
It is only the beginning, however, and we must continue this action while we await more powers and more possibilities as a result of the new treaty.
The Council and the Commission, however, sided with the large companies, and not with the citizens of European countries.
We are in favour, however, of financial support for the EU’s future Member States, but this must be channelled to neglected regions and directed at education, infrastructure and legal institutions.
The Commission has proposed a series of amendments to the regulations, however, and this raises some concerns for us.
I should like to point out, however, that there will be no European dimension to this process if we choose to disregard the peculiar national characteristics of each Member State.
I believe, however, that our personal feelings should take second place to the interests of the citizens of Europe, who elected us to this House.
From a medium-term perspective, however, we expect price developments to remain in line with price stability after the progressive elimination of the influence of those volatile components of the HICP.
Monetary policy does, however, bear its share of responsibility as a result of cuts in interest rates that have been too late and not enough.
Its added value and employment have, however, declined between 2000 and 2002.
The question that must also be asked, however is: demand for what?
This must, however, also involve a debate on the diversification of production and of services, if regions are not to become dependent on one sector.
For now, however, we should keep our composure.
In addition to the Commission's initiatives, however, a consensus must be created at Council level both in terms of coordination, which is the responsibility of the Ecofin Council when it comes to measures of a fiscal nature, and in terms of any measures which may be adopted at the level of the production sectors, which were discussed during the first debate on the 18th.
The key issue, however, is much broader and more structural, and is due to the fact that the world’s economy has never resolved the problem of its dependence on a resource that is finite and subject to speculation.
The future Commission, however, is more than ready to work with the Council and with Parliament to set up a common communication strategy.
We know that we are voting on the Commission as a whole, not on individual Commissioners, however controversial they may be.
We are perfectly entitled, however, to say that he is the least suitable person to defend the principle of non-discrimination in the European Union.
There are a number of cases, however – and you have had to defend them today, which is already unfortunate at the start of a new Commission – that are going to cause problems in the Commission in the years to come.
I should like to make it clear, however, that we do not object to the vast majority of the members of Mr Barroso’s team.
Unfortunately, however, the only option left to me is to vote against it.
He did not, however, present any sort of action plan or anything concrete on how environmental protection should be developed, and this worried us.
This morning, however, we have come across a further quality of yours: arrogance.
When President Borrell, however, contemptuously suggested that Mr Buttiglione should take care of agriculture, what was he trying to say?
I regret that the President of this Parliament diminished his office by joining the left-wing herd in what, however it is dressed up, amounts to a denial of the Commission-designate's right of freedom of thought and speech.
You are responsible, however, for awarding portfolios to your Commissioners.
If your team responds to these challenges, it will have our trust. Please be aware, however, that, as in any relationship, trust is subject to constant review.
If, however, it is too late, then what real power does this European Parliament have?
The Europe that we need to develop within a framework of a balance of powers – between Council, Commission and Parliament – must also, however, be the homeland of rights, respect for people’s individuality, non-discrimination, subsidiarity, transparency and equal opportunities – in short, the homeland of freedom.
The conflict of interests of a government, however, is not just a shadow but rather a boulder, which is why I do not think that voting against you would be damaging to the Union.
In order to exercise its competences responsibly, however, this Parliament must be demanding rather than complacent, it cannot resort to haughtiness nor act with the arrogance of a mandarin.
The debate has shown, however, that, on more difficult issues, particularly on the issue of the portfolio of Mr Buttiglione, there was a division.
I can tell you in all honesty, however, that you can count on me to work with you, in a spirit of compromise.
That appraisal cannot, however, be based on their personal convictions or religious beliefs.
We will be carrying out our duties responsibly, however, if we assess it during the course of its mandate.
We would like to stress, however, that we voted against publishing the outcome of individual votes in the ECB.
We are, however, against the publication of individual votes.
The June List believes, however, that we should not adopt positions on the more specific proposals affecting the work of the ECB or the way it is set up, and we therefore choose not to adopt positions on the amendments before us.
We cannot however support paragraph 14, according to which Parliament wants to see increased propaganda for the euro.
It seems, however, increasingly peaceful – particularly given the increasing importance accorded to this body – that its mandate also encompasses ‘specific support for the Lisbon objectives’.
The fact remains, however, that, even if a statute of members is adopted very quickly, it will take some time getting the new system to operate in practice.
In the course of our negotiations, amendments were, however, tabled that, in actual fact, cut into the Council’s budget for administration of the common foreign and security policy and, at the same time, cut into Parliament’s budget, namely that for the buildings reserve.
If this is to be possible, a larger proportion of the budget must, however, give priority to efforts in countries with low incomes.
On the contrary. We cannot, however, accept its impairing our long-term efforts to combat poverty.
I have to say, however, that I agree with Mr Prodi’s assessment that successes have not been conclusive everywhere.
There is, however, a great disparity in the estimates of the actual amount to be spent or paid next year.
I would like to say a special thank you, however, to Commissioner Schreyer for the outstanding degree of cooperation she has shown, not just this year, but across the whole five-year period of the last Parliamentary term.
That will not, however, be possible with the present structure of the Budget, so we will have to make use of the flexibility instrument.
The majority of our group, however, think the budget is too stringent, as the priorities highlighted by Parliament are not being implemented, especially in the area of external relations.
At the same time, however, we would like to stress that funding for information campaigns relating to the referendums on the Constitutional Treaty must not be spent merely on propaganda for the Treaty.
We are, however, concerned at the ambiguous position adopted by the Committee on Budgets with regard to our amendment.
At the same time, however, we hope that in future years the EU budget will be increased in order to allow the EU to achieve the ambitious tasks it has set itself.
As it stands, however, the draft budget for 2005 is not conducive to ensuring a balance between economic and social development.
We naturally think, however, that it is important for strict limits to be placed upon agricultural subsidies.
The real test of whether inter-party solidarity of this kind can be sustained during the remaining rounds of the 2005 budget battle will, however, come during the vote on Thursday.
Our Parliament's Committee on Budgets is, however, partly responsible, since it practises a form of clientelism which leads to a dramatic increase in the Community budget of 11.72% in payment appropriations compared to 2004.
We must, however, bear in mind that all but four agencies are funded under Heading 3, internal policies, where very little money remains.
Programmes, such as AGIS and Daphne, however, focus on cooperation among EU Member States.
At present, however, it is still entirely impossible to comment on the financial implications this will have.
Romania still needs to ensure, however, that these measures are implemented successfully.
I must make it clear, however, that major efforts are still required in order to make improvements to the organisation of work, to the administrative capacity necessary for implementation of the and in particular to the management structures of the Bulgarian administration.
Overall, however, we believe that there has been an improvement.
This does not, however, mean that less money will be provided; it will merely be a different programme.
The issue of qualified majority voting and codecision on asylum and immigration matters may, however, be the subject of further discussion in the General Affairs Council.
That does not mean, however, that a whole new policy is in the offing; on the contrary, whatever you decide, there will be continuity in the broad outlines of European policy.
The obvious question, however, is how to achieve what we need to do.
What Europe must do, however, is to facilitate the evolution of Lisbon, and many things are needed and indeed possible in order to do this.
For this to happen, however, we cannot treat it like some kind of magic formula that will solve all our problems by itself.
At the same time, however, it has been said that we need to build a European social model, which I take to mean an over-supportive welfare state, or a state that robs citizens of initiative by providing them with everything the state believes they need.
What is genuinely disturbing, however, is Mr Schröder’s proposal to harmonise the corporate tax base in the EU.
Others, like my own group, are, however, of the view that, at the geopolitical and geostrategic levels, Turkey constitutes an opportunity for Europe.
I should like, however, to express surprise, Mr Verheugen, that the report does not contain more scenarios or perspectives regarding the repercussions that Turkey’s accession might have for our social model.
Apart from that, however, there are three good reasons to consider this third pillar of the Lisbon strategy to be still relevant.
With regard to the important and sensitive problem of asylum, however, I believe we should encourage the perhaps belated efforts to relocate the examination of asylum-seekers’ files and situations to the territories of third countries, where it should come within the political and social remit of those countries – and I am thinking of the African countries here.
In order to involve the African countries, however, we need to change our aid policy and make it more transparent and more worthwhile for the peoples of Africa.
The main thing, however, is that you can be assured that we are following everything that is said here about the extremely important issue of Parliament’s decision on the new Commission particularly closely.
Let us be aware, however, that the Lisbon agenda is primarily the responsibility of national governments and that they must put their money where their mouth is.
The repressive measures, however, will not be able to stop the fight by the workers against this warmongering, anti-labour, autocratic policy and the promising march to claim satisfaction of their contemporary needs.
The whole lot of them are, however, in agreement as to the direction to be taken, namely ever more power to Brussels.
I do not share this opinion, however, as I do not believe the role governments play is too large.
The voting procedure is what it is, however, and we vote on the Commission as a whole, without being able to vote on individual Commissioners, something that has both positive and negative sides.
I have the great honour of belonging to the political family of Konrad Adenauer, Robert Schuman and Alcide De Gasperi. I also believe, however, that we must unite all those who wish to work together, be they from the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe or other groups who are in favour of Europe.
I would, however, like to add that we very definitely see human rights as being another of these issues.
At the same time, however, it is a country of the future, which is building consistent and stable bases for its economic, social, scientific and technological development.
Under the current conditions, however, there can be no fully-fledged ENP action plan for Belarus.
It should be mentioned, however, that the delivery of international assistance to civil society and independent media is far from easy.
In the shadow of these elections, however, a referendum was held, aimed at amending the constitution and making it possible for Mr Lukashenko to remain in power in Belarus for the rest of his life.
We should not, however, forget the apparent facts which proved so misleading in policy-making before the conflicts in Yugoslavia and in Iraq.
We need to be honest with ourselves, however, and admit that this is also a failure for the European Union’s policy on Belarus so far.
A number of people, such as the Vice-President of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, believe themselves, however, authorised to take Belarus to task.
I would, however, like to draw your attention to several new and, in my opinion, novel aspects that have emerged during this particular campaign.
There is, however, something both countries have in common, namely Russia’s strategic interest.
In Ukraine, however, everything is either partly good or partly bad.
In the case of the Russian elections, however, it was a foregone conclusion.
We should not forget, however, that even the victory of an opposition representative would not mean that relations with the European Union could be scaled down.
I do, however, welcome the fact that the representatives from our new Member States have taken advantage of this opportunity to highlight their region’s specific problems.
I do not, however, believe that the comparison made in this House this afternoon between Ukraine and a small child is an appropriate one.
The report by the heads of mission, published on 15 September, states that although it appears that inter-ethnic intolerance has increased, the incidents – however disquieting – have generally been on a small scale and there does not seem to be a clear trend.
– Mr President, I thank the representative of the Dutch Presidency for his reply; however, I should like to point out that, in the western Balkans, we witness escalating tension and instability on a daily basis.
I hope, however, that you will understand that I cannot anticipate the outcome of this feasibility study.
The Turkish police did, however, take the necessary measures to prevent the worst.
It is, however, clear that preventing or handling specific incidents, such as the protests mentioned by the honourable Member, fall within the exclusive remit of the Turkish authorities.
I cannot, however, go along with your general assertion that the European Union has failed to bring about equality.
We in the rich part of the world have, however, obtained large amounts of money at the expense of poor people far away.
The Commission did not, however, have at its disposal the information on high-intensity active sonar systems and their potential effects on whales that it would have needed in order to clarify outstanding scientific issues and adopt an unambiguous position.
I also welcome, however, the criticism that ‘some Member States have not been able to use rural development funds… (and where the report) calls on the Commission to analyse carefully proposals that might be able to overcome such situations’.
It is less beneficial, however, to the countries of the ‘old’ EU, and it demonstrates the European Central Bank’s helplessness and failure to take action.
Are you saying that Member States must pay their dues to the European Union however inadequate the financial controls are?
As a matter of urgency, however, we must go further, especially given that other powers, such as the United States, Russia and China, do not practise such self-restraint.
As we are talking of values with regard to this particular case, however, I should like to draw your attention to a number of other cases.
At the same time, however, I have my doubts as to whether the proposal in item 40, concerning a special tax on the arms trade, is realistic.
There are, however, certain questions we must ask.
Today, however, we are witnessing a presence and attention on the part of our institutions that befits the circumstances.
I would also, however, urge this House to include support of this kind in the Financial Perspective, as well as making provision for economic development and expenses.
In spite of diplomatic efforts, however, this has not been possible, given the unfavourable result of the referendum held in April 2004.
Without entering into the political aspects of the debate, I did agree, however, with the financial implications of this proposal on the Financial Perspectives, despite it not being entirely clear under which category this financial support would fall.
As in the previous cases, however, it is also important with regard to Northern Cyprus that the Commission present a report on the future of the Agency after 31 December 2006 to the European Parliament and the Council by June 2005.
I wish to say, however, as the Council has also taken a stand, that the regulation on financial support is one matter, while the regulation on trade relations is another.
Our goal must therefore be to authorise both trade and aid together; if necessary, however, and if there is no alternative, the two aspects should be dealt with separately, so that an end is put to the isolation suffered by the north of the island.
To focus too closely on the negligible quantitative effect of Kyoto, in terms of immediate results of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, however, is to miss the point.
It should be realised, however, that Kyoto is only the first step on a long road and now is the time to prepare for the next round of reductions in emissions.
Whilst the EU appears determined to meet the objectives of the Kyoto Protocol, a great deal remains to be done, however, if we are to prepare our communities to face the changes that are already underway.
We can also understand, however, that the new Member States want to have legal security as soon as possible.
It has not been possible, however, to overlook the fact that the interpretation of Article 5 of the original Directive has been the subject of numerous complaints as well as legal proceedings.
On balance, however, we can accept the amendment.
It is important, however, that those countries which joined the European Union in June 2004 are treated fairly.
The proposal, however, is not without its problems.
It should be realised, however, that the environmental friendliness of reused packaging is not always directly justifiable.
For Castro, the dictator pathetically romanticised by many in Europe, these people are, however, a grave threat.
Today, however, this policy is under internal pressure.
Europe should therefore pursue the firm path it has embarked upon, taking particular care, however, to avoid at all costs any further negative repercussions for the population, with the aim of laying the foundations for a productive and renewed dialogue free of resentment between the Cuban people and Europe in the period after Fidel Castro: friends of Cuba, friends of the Cubans, enemies of all dictators.
We should not, however, create additional barriers and obstacles.
He did clarify, however, and quite rightly, that further progress in the field of human rights could make a change in Europe’s attitude easier.
As you will understand, however, I am very sceptical, given our debate tonight.
Today, however, relations between the EU and Cuba are at an all-time low.
The problem is, however, what other instruments are available that will produce results?
That recovery, however, is not a matter of course. In order to safeguard our European social model, we will need to make further adjustments.
Tolerance, however, goes hand in hand with setting and demarcating boundaries.
Social cohesion and sustainability, however, can be achieved only if we can again make Europe a true player in the world market.
I did not appreciate at all, however, the fact that today no mention was made of the grave events in Iraq.
It would, however, be a good thing, and I would welcome it, if you also looked at emigration in relation to the future.
A reasonable balance is necessary, however, so that the Lisbon Strategy can remain a fundamental political element of the Commission, as President Prodi has ensured.
If elections were to be held today, however, they could be hampered by a number of obstacles.
Biometric data in passports and other similar measures may be important; on the other hand, however, they may add little to security in relation to what they take away in civil liberties.
It is evident that this assumption would only be true if governments used their budgetary expenditures only for development purposes. This, however, is far from the truth.
Apart from these achievements, however, the most important thing you have achieved is national reconciliation.
We would never, however, oppose greater tax coordination aimed at taxing the unbridled circulation of capital, at combating tax fraud and tax evasion, at putting an end to tax havens and at stopping money laundering.
I voted in favour of the proposed amendments, because whilst this is not an ideal solution, it is, however, as much as we can do at this time – before the new Financial Perspectives for the post-2006 period – to contribute towards burden sharing in integrated management
At the time of the adoption of the revised packaging directive, however, the transition periods for the original directive were not yet finalised for all acceding States.
Parliament must not fail, however, to carry out its responsibilities as a budgetary authority, and must ensure a structured and stable future through the competences and activities of the European Agency for Reconstruction.
In order to be effective, such a tax should, however, be levied at global, rather than European, level.
We regret, however, the fact that the resolution does not deal with the issue of what serious measures we might adopt in order to guarantee future energy supplies.
The overriding message, however, was that they seek to stop the Council from making any changes to the EU’s common position on Cuba or the sanctions imposed on the country by the EU.
There are also calls, however – coming from here, there and everywhere, on both sides of the Atlantic – for solidarity with Cuba and with its tenacious and intelligent people, and those calls are becoming increasingly powerful.
For this to happen, however, it is Fidel Castro and his regime that needs to change, and urgently.
It should not be forgotten, however, that the Commission gains its strength from the collegiality it embodies, which is enshrined in the Treaties and which forms part of the history and beliefs of the Commission.
On the other hand, however, we were confronted with an extremely worrying precedent, namely that under the influence of the extreme Left in this House, and of ideological prejudices held by Members of this House, Mr Buttiglione’s, nomination was withdrawn.
For the members of the Law and Justice (PiS) delegation within the Union for Europe of the Nations Group, however, the principle of Member States’ sovereignty is of paramount importance.
For the reasons I mentioned earlier, however, we will at the same time be unable to vote in favour of this Commission, despite our great respect for Mr Barroso and many of his Commissioners.
The Commission, and its future President, have, however, albeit at a very late stage in the proceedings, found a way to cooperate with this House and resolve the outstanding problems.
You will receive the formal approval of our Parliament. You will still, however, have the most vital task ahead of you: that of finally winning the confidence of the majority of MEPs.
Before I do so, however, I should like to remind you of the comments you made when you asked this House for its vote of confidence in July.
Above all, however, priority should be given to defending the interests of Europeans.
The European Union’s problem is, however, not just a problem of communication but also one of action.
Nor, however, can I vote against a Commission of your making that is so liberal and sympathetic to reform.
The Commission is glad that qualified majority voting has been adopted even on such sensitive issues as asylum and immigration, which are, however, matters that require sensitivity on the part of individual nations, states, and even regions, and for which these themselves should be directly responsible.
In no way, however, will the size of the vote in favour ensure an indefinite vote of confidence or a sort of blank cheque.
We did not, however, have any objection to Mr Buttiglione’s being appointed to another Commission post.
The complications of the ratification process must, however, provide us with a serious lesson for the future.
We are also going to vote, however, on the way in which, in application of Article 217, the President of the Commission has assumed his obligations in terms of organising tasks, and here we clearly see that things have not been done in a satisfactory way.
You are asking us, however, to think again and to accord you a majority such as no other President of the Commission before you has been able to enjoy.
The challenge is also, however, that of taking leave of a Europe that was divided and whose history can never be forgiven.
The task now, however, is to give some impetus to Europe, and it is in the light of this that we are giving President Barroso and the Commission our support.
I make no secret, however, of the fact, Mr President-designate, that certain issues have yet to be dealt with.
I will mention just one, however: its accession would put an end to the Community project.
Upon reflection, however, I think that benefit can be derived from what has occurred.
At the same time, however, the European Commission will in this way be building up its own strength as it will be increasing its legitimacy in the eyes of the public.
We also, however, have a Commission that is stronger as it is more open to inspection and scrutiny by the representatives directly elected by the European people.
We have transparent mechanisms, however, for preventing these conflicts of interest from having any real effect.
Did you know, however, that, in many Member States, particularly those that have just joined, there is no European social model yet, and therefore their problem is not how to preserve the European social model?
Firstly, however, I would like to note that Question No 7 by Willy Meyer lapses, as he is not present.
You can however be sure, ladies and gentlemen, that the Commission will examine any new initiative carefully and with an open mind.
As the elected representatives of European citizens, however, we cannot permit that even one citizen should not enjoy the provisions of Articles 41, 42 and 43 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which now forms part of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, as approved by the Council.
Most of our goals were echoed in both Mr Diamandouros’ and Mr De Rossa’s report; however, there are lots of areas to be further improved in order to provide the best possible service to citizens.
Without this reorientation the Ombudsman's role, however worthy, can only be overwhelmed by our democratic deficit.
I also note, however, that there was a 40% increase in the number of complaints over the year in question.
What they will be asking, however, is what Europe did about Darfur, what Europe did about the Ivory Coast and what Europe did to help the people most marginalised within our society.
If Mr Barroso had not climbed down at the very last moment in order to avoid a crushing personal defeat, I would of course have voted against this Commission. Mr Barroso has, however, made minor changes to the original line-up he tried to impose on us.
It is crucial, however, that a new Commission finally be able to get down to work.
The Commission that has been approved is, however, a poor solution, which is a great pity in the current political situation.
There are, however, some problematical cases in which Commissioners-designate are not suited to the portfolio that they have been assigned, and this may lead to serious conflicts of interest.
A place remains within the Commission for Mr Kovács, however, the erstwhile Hungarian Stalinist turned model socialist, who excelled in his incompetence.
I could not, however, vote in favour of the Commission due to serious misgivings about the fact that Mrs Kroes has retained her competition portfolio.
What is at stake, however, is her personal suitability – essential in a Commissioner – given that, among the numerous multinationals to which she has declared professional links, she omitted the arms producer Lockheed Martin.
We did not, however, have any objection to Mr Buttiglione’s being appointed to another Commission post.
In general, I doubt if the recent events, which have however been described as a great victory for the European Parliament, have really served the cause of a more democratic Europe and smoothed the way for inter-institutional dialogue.
What those signatories welcome, applaud, hope for and request does not, however, in any way change, let alone improve upon, the reasons – political reasons – why we voted against Mr Durão Barroso’s appointment as President of the Commission.
I also wish to mention, however, the importance of the amendment tabled by the Union for Europe of the Nations Group, which I voted in favour of, calling for the new Commission, which is finally about to get down to work, strictly to observe the principle of subsidiarity.
In October, his political authority was, however, weakened due to a lack of rigour, initially in connection with the Italian affair.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I wish firstly, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, to express my delight in the decisions taken by the Security Council this week, particularly concerning the arms embargo, on condition however that this embargo is genuinely respected and that arms sales can be controlled much more effectively, as is also emphasised in the report presented by our colleague, Mr Romeva i Rueda.
In short, all these policies – economic, commercial and financial – also play a considerable role in the political situation in these countries, a fact that obviously does not in any way detract from the responsibility of the African and Côte d'Ivoire politicians themselves. We most certainly need, however, to take long-term action to link these policies.
What the previous speaker did not mention, however, was the very important fact that this embargo was strongly supported by the African Union, which is a very positive development.
On the other hand, however, it must be said that without the French we would have absolutely no hope of ever putting an end to the murders, robberies and looting in Côte d’Ivoire.
Secondly, a government decree of May 2002, however, prescribes the registration of all religious groups.
Whilst enthusiasm is a positive thing, however, blindness certainly is not.
I also hope, however, that that President does not fall into the trap of discriminating against national or religious minorities, and let us hope that no more foreign countries meddle in Ukraine’s internal affairs.
That also means, though, that both sides must summon up the willingness to cooperate with us and with Russia equally; this must not, however, be the product of the desire for revenge, but must be characterised by respect for both sides if it is to help bring reconciliation to the Ukrainian people.
There is, however, a greater challenge yet, for this political crisis does not stand on its own.
Ukraine, however, cannot throw itself into the arms of one single ally.
Back in November 2003, however, the people’s verdict had been overturned through the vote-rigging arranged by ex-President Eduard Shevardnadze, who was then driven out by a popular uprising, which, apart from anything else, took place without bloodshed.
Both, however, agree that the elections were not fair, something that everyone acknowledges.
Fortunately, we can, however, say that it is not exclusively this struggle between national interests that will determine the budget framework, or financial perspectives, for the next few years.
I believe that the basis should have been the one per cent target but that Parliament must, however, have a large influence on the distribution of resources within this framework.
The Council could question, however, whether that is dangerous.
This process must, however, be accompanied by one in which the ten poorest countries together with the two due to join the EU in the near future catch up with the developed part of Europe.
The fundamental decisions on the new Financial Perspective for 2007-2013, however, are a matter for the Member States and the Council.
We do not lay down everything in exact detail for seven years, or however many years, but I do not need to tell you that.
As we have always stressed in connection with Chechnya, however, it is also important to fight the causes of terrorism, and in many cases these are poverty and poor economic development.
It has to be said, however, that the Russia strategy has not been any great success so far.
This does, however, show a certain lack of respect for the European Parliament, and I very much hope it will not be repeated in future.
There has been some progress: acceptance of enlargement and the partnership pact, the Kyoto Protocol, and so on. There is, however, a long list of problems with regard to the investment protection accord in Chechnya, which has been mentioned here too.
Parliament should welcome the 14th EU-Russia Summit in the Hague while regretting, however, that it has been a failure as far as substantial progress on the establishment of the four common spaces is concerned.
It must not, however, actively side with the dictatorships there or impede the development of democracy.
According to our documents, however, Russia has great responsibility, – in my view, the greatest.
Better access to medicines must, however, be combined with increased knowledge of HIV and increased provision of information about the disease, together with an ambitious aid policy and fair trade so that the countries concerned can afford economic development that increases trade.
What was not said, however, is that 5 to 5.5 million of the 40 million are children and young people.
Are we aware, however, that these health workers are likely to be the first victims of the health reforms being prepared in the European Union?
The fact is, however, that even the anti-retroviral medicines which are available have major side effects, and that being able to lead a normal life is of course out of the question.
It does, however, require an enormous effort and we should therefore focus our minds in that respect.
Such prognoses were, however, dismissed at that time as mere prophesies of doom.
Allow me, however, to comment on certain issues raised by the honourable Members.
At the same time, however, we need to contribute towards the relief of those who are already affected and to their treatment.
On behalf of my Group, however, I have to state that we are not happy that there has not been time for Parliament to be reconsulted on the new proposals from the Council.
Even before the Commission had a chance to vote on this, however, the Council tabled its own, much more far-reaching proposal.
We must not forget, however, that football is a business and it must be allowed to operate in the same way as any other business.
It was postponed, however, until 1 July 2005 by a Council decision of 19 July 2004, as the various conditions for their implementation ought to be met by then.
There is, however, much to be done, especially still in the area of taxation.
I do not believe, however, in any beneficial effects of complete harmonisation of taxation.
Only Mr Santer’s Commission resigned, however, and the reasons for that were more political than legal.
As all of us in this House can see, it is however in itself a scandal that this is now the tenth time that the Court of Auditors has not been able to deliver a Statement of Assurance.
I should like right now, however, to focus upon something really quite different.
There is, however, a political question, which is simply this: is Parliament in a position to notify the Council of its opinion on this subject?
We would never oppose, however, greater tax coordination aimed at taxing the unbridled circulation of capital, at combating tax fraud and tax evasion, at putting an end to tax havens and at stopping money laundering.
We feel, however, that the terms of the agreement do not ensure such a proposal.
We would never oppose, however, greater tax coordination aimed at taxing the unbridled circulation of capital, at combating tax fraud and tax evasion, at putting an end to tax havens and at stopping money laundering.
We feel, however, that the terms of the agreement do not ensure such a proposal.
One downside of this, however, is that dangers and abuses in the way in which those technologies are used are emerging.
Through this procedure, the Council is, however, obliged to hear the European Parliament’s points of view, which is why we have chosen to express our support for the view that aspects of legal certainty and the protection of private life are better dealt with in terms of the committee’s report than in terms of the Commission’s original proposal.
It is also the appropriate time, however, to say that we welcome Parliament’s excellent contribution to the cause of democracy in Ukraine.
We are definitely opposed, however, to the EU’s being given an increasing role within foreign and security policy.
The dispute between extravagant MEPs and the thrifty Council gives way, however, to complicit silence when it is a question of the annual expenditure of EUR 30 billion that will be entailed by the accession of Turkey, perhaps in 2011, that is to say during the financial planning.
Here too, however, there is silence concerning the European tax that is inexorably on the way.
We are, however, opposed to its accession being rushed through without it fully meeting the set criteria.
If you decide to send a letter to the Cambodian authorities, however, I should like to ask you to underline this episode in particular but also to refer to the overall situation.
The Romanian Government has the responsibility of stopping this awful project; however, the Canadian owners of the mining company should be mentioned as well.
So far, however, only three of the Commission's 34 deputy directors-general and none of its 32 directors-general are from the new Member States.
The opening of negotiations will, however, also be a point of departure, since the duration and outcome of the negotiations, which can start as soon as Turkey meets the Copenhagen political criteria, will depend on the progress made, particularly with regard to the economy and the Community .
If we wish to achieve this, however, welcoming a country with such a large population which, geographically speaking, lies outside Europe does not seem to me to be the right way to go about it.
That is not, however, the way in which the majority of the European Parliament thinks.
The people do not, however, count in the EU, which is ruled by a self-styled elite which, even if it has only 45% of the voters behind it, has no compunction about exerting its will over the people.
Having listened to these debates, however, I do wonder – indeed, Mr Toubon – what we want for Europe.
I should also like to say, however, that those of us who want open and transparent negotiations also want a complete partnership for Turkey with no restrictive clauses.
We must not, however, close our eyes to the fact that both Turkey and the EU must change before full EU membership is possible.
In return, however, certain political forces in Europe should not cultivate fears for internal reasons or fabricate catastrophic scenarios.
It is important, however, that Turkey’s membership only comes about if the country meets the criteria that relate to democracy, human rights, the rule of law, and a respect for the rights of minorities.
At the same time, however, we would remind you that these prospects are connected with compliance with the political and financial criteria analysed in the texts of the conclusions of the European Councils from Copenhagen to Helsinki and in Brussels in a few days' time.
We must, however, tell Turkey that it will be a long and difficult path.
It will not, however, be a day of great rejoicing.
There are those who feel, however, that, at the end of this long engagement, marriage is no longer on the agenda.
The planned process is long, difficult and demanding, however, and requires responsibility and prudence; as such, Turkey has an obligation to provide us with the guarantees needed for accession to take place.
The natural consequence, however, of the demands that we are making is accession.
Representing a small nation, I believe that there are, however, a number of issues that ought to be resolved before the EU begins negotiations with Turkey.
The decision to be made by the European Council, which we are now discussing, however, is not about Turkey’s accession, but about the opening of accession negotiations.
I believe, however, that the decision on whether or not to start such talks with Turkey is a quite separate issue.
On the other hand, however, he has substantiated the yes position whereby, at this moment, judging strategically and studying the situation, Turkey should open negotiations with the European Union.
The decision, however, will need to contain sufficient guarantees to accommodate the concerns that have been brought here.
Today I do not intend to present a detailed account of our work in progress before listening to you; I would, however, like to outline the main elements of our approach.
For the time being, however, we are solely committed to coordinating the planning for the three institutions, without going as far as coordinating our strategic visions for the medium- and long-term future.
The last Commission legitimised this move, however, by initiating and financing pilot projects.
It must be understood, however, that foreign policy also involves what lies beyond the Union’s eastern border.
More than anything, however, we need to tackle the issue of security at the level of the individual.
The reforms that Europe needs must not, however, be seen as a task for the Commission alone.
Such an objective cannot, however, be achieved without giving renewed impetus to basic research and innovation which, in turn, makes it necessary to put greater resources into facilities, infrastructure and European centres of excellence and to target the improvement of human capital by bringing in thousands of young researchers.
While the updating of the Lisbon strategy is being debated, however, concrete choices are being made which can indicate a move in a particular direction.
According to the Lisbon strategy, however, competitiveness cannot come about if the Member States do not start to implement decisions effectively.
We must also, however, have a generous development policy.
Regulation (EC) No 1782/2003, however, which introduced direct payments for the dairy sector, left the administration of the individual reference quantities of the producers in question to the German authorities.
A free trade area is, however, best set up through the EU’s abolishing duties, subsidies and export grants.
The June List does not, however, wish to contribute to any Fortress Europe.
Given that nothing, however, was laid down – the experiment was due to finish definitively on 31 December 2003 – regarding the possibility of the new Member States applying reduced rates, the situation had become unfair.
Such a document portfolio should not, however, be turned into a compulsory standard requirement.
That, however, is EUR 500 billion, or more than 1% of the EU’s GDP.
Even the Council, however, doubted the adequacy of the financing by adopting the joint resolution which proposed that any supplementary budget relating to the Structural Funds should, if possible, be adopted at one reading.
I would, however, like to say with equal clarity that what I see in a negative light is the shape taken by the payments for 2005.
It remains true, however, that the Union’s budget reflects a political will. The stated objectives must be matched by sufficient financial resources, otherwise the EU’s very credibility is at risk.
We cannot, however, pronounce ourselves satisfied with the way in which the chapter on payment appropriations was concluded.
Seeing the amount of resources allocated for these measures in the budget for 2005, however, gives cause for concern about the discrepancy between Europe’s political ambitions and the financial resources available to fulfil these ambitions.
If we compare the economy of the European Union with the economy of the United States, however, we have to say that investors achieve a greater profit and a quicker return on their investment in the United States with the same level of investment.
At the same time, however, we have also reached the end of the cycle of European budgetary modesty.
I appreciate that what exists at present forms the point of departure, but it might however be interesting to hear whether there is anything to which more weight is to be given and whether there are any negative priorities.
A new budget is required, however, as the Commission’s draft runs counter to the notion of solidarity and is not conducive to speeding up the development of Europe.
It seems to me, however, that the setback in the democratisation process does not yet warrant a vigorous initiative to secure a negotiated solution to the Mauritanian crisis.
The third issue on which I wish to comment concerns the cost of enlargement, given that enlargement comes at a price which we have to pay, because it is a major historic choice of the European Union; on the other hand, however, this price needs to be distributed fairly.
This can only be done, however, if this Parliament, in consultation with the Commission and the Council, lays down the new regulations in good time.
Parliament, however, fully agrees with the need to frontload the decision-making process.
Europe, however, must not be the sole focus of our attention in this respect.
In the meantime, however, it is our duty to focus on the local integration of refugees and on their accommodation in host countries while upgrading protection capabilities and developing a programme for the development and adoption of sustainable solutions.
That solution should, however, be a real and permanent one rather than a makeshift attempt.
This plan, however, focuses mainly on protecting everyone’s health.
Other, still more important, things are, however, also ensured, namely consumers’ health, safety and security in connection with the foods they buy.
I am only pleased, however, if I can be sure that the apple I eat is also healthy, and this is something that this legislation can help ensure.
There also needs, however, to be legislation with a view to more vulnerable groups such as children, born and as yet unborn.
What we want to offer, however, is actual added European value, on top of what is offered at national level.
Whilst the process of admitting Bulgaria and Romania appears to be going well and the result of genuine efforts on the part of the two countries, we are strongly aware, however, that Romania needs to sprint down the home straight.
It is however equally unacceptable for people to come under general suspicion merely because they belong to a certain political family.
The initiative should, however, be supported by more substantial instruments, which are foreseen in the Constitution but which might perhaps be brought forward.
We point out the danger, however, that the measures to create a free-trade area may take precedence over the other policies.
Judging from Mr Nicolaï’s comments, however, it is more likely to be a small and timid step, not a great one.
There are still, however, considerable doubts about what really lies behind this decision.
It has to be said, however, that a European identity must be built first and foremost on common security and on the common economic area.
We would however note that the fight against terrorism should maintain a balance between necessary security measures, on the one hand, and respect for fundamental rights, on the other.
There is however an obstacle that is undoubtedly of great significance, namely cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague.
A fundamental question for governments, however, is the inconceivability of opening negotiations with a candidate whose military forces occupy the territory of an EU Member State, and which does not even recognise the existence of that state.
This, however, will undermine the sense of security of other, smaller countries in the future.
We must not, however, close our eyes to the fact that both Turkey and the EU must change before full EU membership is possible.
We recognise the sensitivities with regard to issues surrounding Turkey's relations with Armenia, however these will be dealt with during the negotiations process.
As things stand, however, I feel I am justified in asking whether all the conditions – especially as regards human rights – have genuinely been fulfilled.
I have concerns, however, that Turkey still has a very large number of human rights abuses.
I feel, however, that there remain aspects that could be clarified, such as the distinction between residues – in the context of maximum residue limits (MRLs) – and pesticides.
I agree with the rapporteur, however, that when MRLs are exceeded, those responsible must be held to account and subgroups that may consume more of a certain type of product must be fully protected.
I cannot agree, however, with some of the proposals put forward by Mrs Lambert in her report and shall, therefore, be voting against.
The June List does not, however, wish to contribute to any Fortress Europe.
We will, however, need to keep a close watch on some areas.
This instability has, however, produced one positive development in the form of greater involvement in political decision-making of the Turkish minority, which was discriminated against in the past.
At the same time, however, Bulgaria has not done many of the things it should have done.
At the same time, however, the EU also sometimes takes measures that the Bulgarian public finds incomprehensible.
Naturally, Romania still has to make considerable efforts and make significant progress, however, before it can be accepted into the European Union.
In spite of everything, however, I believe that Romania is well on the way.
This is a debate, however, between those who think that, except for a few loose ends, Romania is ready, and those, myself included, who think that it is not, and see that as a reason why we cannot give the go-ahead right now.
It is, however, absolutely necessary to call the Romanian authorities’ attention to the urgent question of illegal immigration.
The election that has just taken place was, however, a big success for democracy in Romania, but both Romania and the EU countries have reasons to wait and see and not to push for premature accession.
I believe, however, that the proposal put forward by the rapporteur of having an international commission is a good solution.
Romania must, however, make rapid progress to fulfil all the accession commitments, especially in the area of the Community .
These issues, however, do not fall within the competence of the Commissioner for Enlargement.
It is also necessary, however, to express our opinion on other issues that concern us more.
During the recent months of dialogue with the Commission, however, we have placed some political conditions on our assent: that is to say, we want a clear signal from the Commission that you represent to commit to a structured dialogue with Parliament.
Our confidence in the new Commission, however, leads us to hope that these reports will be forwarded by the requested date of 30 June 2006, precisely for the purpose – and in the hope – of promoting full cooperation between the European Parliament and the Commission.
We do feel, however, that, bearing in mind the programme’s objectives and its enlargement to ten more countries, funding should be stepped up even further.
This does not mean, however, that the Commission does not believe that all possibilities for reinforcing the provisions on travel time should and will be exploited in the future.
I notice, however, that you explicitly reserve the right to bring forward better proposals.
Even if that were so, however, the precautionary principle should apply.
I think, however, that we should retain the Commission’s proposal concerning zones and thus vote against the second half of the amendment.
I should also like to tell him, however, that I find it quite incomprehensible in this report that, after the mistake was made to liberalise bottom trawling and bottom gill nets a year ago in Regulation (EC) No 1954/2003, this mistake is not being corrected in respect of bottom gill nets.
I am bound to say, however, that I have been very surprised at some of the comments made by the rapporteur subsequently.
We believe, however, that agricultural policy is in need of radical reform and we should therefore have preferred there to have been further reductions.
In view of the negotiations as a whole, however, and the real economic and financial difficulties of the current situation, I would highlight certain results that were achieved in the difficult conciliation process.
What I see as problematic about this report, however, is that it insists upon a provision in the Constitution whereby Member States can unilaterally bar third-country nationals from gaining access to the labour market.
We wonder, however, whether these measures should be implemented by the EU.
I regret, however, that the programme is to be extended without the necessary reviews of the period 2000-2004 being carried out.
I feel, however, that such warnings make no sense unless they serve to encourage good behaviour and good performance and never to set impossibly high thresholds.
That has not, however, been recorded; perhaps the machine was not working.
The Mugabe regime, however, despite warnings from the EU and from further afield, continues to increase political oppression and we view the elections scheduled for March with great concern.
We became aware, however, that during the election campaign Mozambican voters voted abroad and that opposition parties – those opposed to FRELIMO – were persecuted in Zimbabwe.
We will not, however, succeed in that by words alone, and so Mr Langen and I have started to develop a holistic strategy which finally interlinks economic policy, foreign policy and development policy.
Ultimately, however, our group decided not to endorse the compromise resolution.
Their efforts were, however, futile and nearly 4 000 people died instantaneously; to date 25 000 innocent people have died.
Investment in the South does become an attractive prospect for them, however, if wages are low and, in particular, if environmental and safety requirements there are less exacting or very poorly monitored.
We are therefore opposed to this report, just as we are opposed to the draft Constitutional Treaty itself. Once again, however, I wish to make it clear that the ‘no’ that many of us are saying is open to alternative suggestions.
It is still, however, a source of anguish that it has still not yet been possible to make qualified majority voting the norm in the Council.
We should not, however, ignore the voices warning of the shortcomings of the present draft Constitution.
I should also, however, like to thank Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, without whom, I am sure, we would not be here today debating this historic stage in Europe’s development.
What I do not understand, however, is why the European Parliament wishes freely to condemn itself to a second-class position by supporting this document.
I am, however, pleased that the Constitution allows for an institutional dialogue between churches and the European Union, which is a very important aspect for churches.
It is, however, also a sign of small-minded thinking.
The players that have the main and ultimate responsibility for achieving a consolidation of the peace process are, however, Ireland and Great Britain.
In spite of its imperfections, I shall however vote, and call upon others to vote, in favour of this Constitutional Treaty, for it would be an aberration and a major political error to throw in one’s lot with those opposed to the Constitution, on the pretext that the final wording is not commensurate with what is at stake.
Given the serious nature of these situations, however, the EU must continue to condemn vehemently and unconditionally the use of violence as a means of solving political issues.
That was not, however, the way in which matters proceeded this time.
It is generally acknowledged, however, that the European elections were a low point, both in terms of their date and their outcome.
When we held a publicity event at the University of Graz, however, the Constitution met with more interest than toadstools or dream interpretation.
I support this constitution, however, in my opinion, it is a good thing that in this Parliament we have Members that are against it.
This, however, is more a topic for academic research rather than information to be relayed to every European citizen.
Do you, however, think that this arrangement is satisfactory?
There are however also negative sides to the Constitution.
This is, however, one of their traditions, for it was the CSU that, in 1949, voted against Germany’s Basic Law.
We should however be fully aware that work will begin afresh with tomorrow’s vote.
It is not, however, with nineteenth century discourses that a vision is offered to the peoples, European and others, of today’s twenty-first century world.
I should like, however, to put three questions to you, Commissioner.
One could, however, be forgiven for wondering at this point what the precise nature of these European rules will be.
We are concerned, however, by the productivity approach, as, moreover, you yourself called it in an interview for an Italian newspaper: that is, the decision to make migratory flows conditional on the requirements of the European labour market.
Member States do not, however, have the power to take independent decisions on veterinary matters relating to imports of products from third countries.
I wish to note, however, that the country of origin approach does not apply for services provided through a fixed commercial presence in the host country.
Under current conditions, however, there can be no fully-fledged ENP action plan for Belarus.
At the moment, opening a European Commission delegation in Minsk is not, however, being considered.
What we can do, however, and as I mentioned before, is to provide particular support for civil society, and also to focus efforts on working with the academic community.
If, however, we do not wish to demonstrate collective hypocrisy, we need to say how things stand.
I will, however, bear your comments in mind.
What a joy and a pleasure, however, to see the countries of Eastern and Central Europe take their place in the EU, in view of the fateful decree that sought to drive a wedge between us for ever.
The Council, for its part, is not the field of play of exclusively national interests, however justified those may be, but rather a workshop of understanding.
At the moment, transatlantic relations are not bad, but nor are they particularly good. Leaving matters as they are, however, is not an option that will satisfy expectations on both sides of the Atlantic.
We must first, however, optimise operational cooperation between the Member States; for example, we must ensure that information can be exchanged quickly and smoothly between Member States’ police forces and judiciaries.
It is not, however, an end in itself, nor some neutral, self-sufficient benefit.
It is clear to me, however, that changes must be made, not least in order that the Pact can take better account of the economic cycle.
It strikes me as important, however – at a time when a final negotiation might get underway – to point out certain salient facts.
Although we were very pleased to see the President of the Commission and the President of the Council in Asia, visiting Jakarta as an expression of the European Union’s solidarity, I would like to emphasise that, however necessary solidarity with the stricken areas might be, we must not overlook the great problems in Africa and in other parts of the world.
There will never be stability, however, without strong economic growth.
It will not, however, be until this afternoon that we know the result, and it is certain that there will be votes both in favour of, and against, the Constitution.
I would like us, however, to join forces to remove everything from this Directive which poses a risk of social dumping, and which has crept into the text if one reads between the lines.
The Council noted, however, that this figure should not lead us to forget the general issue of development, humanitarian aid and the Millennium Development Goals, especially in Africa, nor to reduce the resources set aside for that purpose.
I hope, however, that some flexibility will ultimately prevent a sudden sharp rise in insurance premiums.
We do, however, resist the European big brother state, which is the precise opposite of what is laid down in this Constitution, namely respect for the subsidiarity principle.
At the same time, however, I did not think it was the result of chance. What firstly crossed my mind were the lengthy struggles that preceded the 1949 European Convention on Human Rights and the 1961 European Social Charter, with the latter being backed by all the trade unions.
Together with my Socialist colleagues, however, I intend to continue the fight to put into action and practice that which we were unable to put in the text of the Treaty.
It is very disappointing, however, that it does not take account of the opinion of Parliament’s Committee on Fisheries, the only European body with specific powers in the area of fisheries which discussed the amendments introduced to the conservation of marine biological resources.
EU law, as it has been in force and been applied, is affirmed when it comes to the relationship between EU law and national law; that is to say, Community law takes precedence over national law, account always being taken however of the Member States’ constitutional traditions.
I am, however, opposed to the present trend towards increased supranationalism in the EU.
Now that the European Council has, however, decided to reduce the number of Commissioners from 2014, it is important that we stick to the principle of fair rotation between the Member States.
Until such time as the European Union has an army of its own that can deal with that sort of thing, we do in fact also need – however much goodwill is there – practical ways of delivering help, and a crisis management unit would be the very thing.
Moving on to competition, however, this also means that the major industrial nations of Europe and North America must unite, not at the expense of the poor, but by laying down a joint and fair framework, which is a key prerequisite for a peaceful world.
There is, however, another aspect to which thought must be given.
This courageous stance will, however, become untenable unless he soon – that is to say, between now and the summer – gets distinct indications that this attitude is in no sense a sort of capitulation.
We can, however, celebrate a genuine triumph in Ukraine.
They are, however, a reliable and stable point of reference for both the USA and the European Union in a new international context.
If the President-in-Office of the Council and the Commission wish to make repeated references to Canada, however – and such references are indeed sensible and necessary – I would ask them not to forget Mexico.
These and other measures, however, are still insufficient to decrease the external debt burden of poor countries.
I am somewhat disappointed at the Commission’s statements, however, which did not go anywhere near far enough.
It cannot, however, do so indiscriminately as, by proceeding in that way, its action would lose credibility.
I would also, however, draw attention to the fact that, even if the coastguards were very efficient, the problem would remain.
I am from a country near the sea, on the border of the European Union – Malta – and I understand that what you are saying is a step in the right direction in the medium and long term, however we need to understand that we are facing a crisis.
The form and scope of the next framework programme will, however, also depend upon the available funds which, as the honourable Member will appreciate, will depend in the first place upon the results of the discussions under way concerning the financial perspectives.
Although religious freedom is guaranteed by the Constitution of the Republic of Turkey, as indicated by the European Commission in its 2004 Regular Report, non-Muslim religious communities, including the Ecumenical Patriarchate, continue, however, to encounter obstacles and are subject to a bureaucratic regime.
I told you just now that the Council or the Presidency is not opposed to the idea of negotiations with the European Parliament, on the understanding however – and I emphasise this – that if this country can make its statement – and it can do so at one of the next Council sittings – the Council should, in theory, come to a decision on a qualified majority basis.
After your many years of experience in this House, however, you will of course be aware that other items were delayed considerably.
I will, however, take a note of your comments, and raise the matter with the Bureau as requested.
There is, however, nothing I can do about the fact that they have to go to another meeting, and hence do not have any extra time.
I believe, however, that our present task is not to preach to Ukraine, or Russia, or the media, but to work towards the ideals of understanding in Europe.
What we did do, however, was to support democracy and the process of democracy.
Several risks, however, remain, which may hinder the Ukrainian people from implementing their choice.
It was not for our own satisfaction that we undertook these efforts, however, but in the clear interest of the European Union, because a stable and democratic Ukraine, with a market economy, is in the interest of the European Union.
The Commission opted, however, to calculate the compensation on the basis of the maximum amount ever granted by Belgian courts. This resulted in compensation of between 14 and 24 months' salary.
Ways should also, however, be looked into of ensuring, in the future, proper administration that complies with the requirements of the law, is inexpensive and is suitably in keeping with the organisation’s social responsibility.
From a legal point of view, however, the Commission had every right to dismiss them, and it did so not for its own satisfaction or to attract our criticism.
It would be fair to ask, however, whether feeling guilty is sufficient reason to overturn a Commission decision.
That does not, however, mean that we are sure the Kyoto Agreement is the solution to all the problems.
We do however take a critical view of quite a few of the wordings in the resolution.
It is not enough, however, to have good intentions or to sign protocols if they are not complied with in reality, and particularly if there is no means of penalising non-compliance.
Above all, the European Union will, however, when the cameras are no longer there, have to respond in the following ways, and on a long-term basis, to the requests of the populations affected.
We do not however believe that the European Parliament has the competence to produce recommendations concerning debt relief for developing countries.
This cannot be taken to mean, however, that China is entitled to declare Tibet part of China, as Tibet is most certainly not part of China.
There is, however, one area in which no deals can be done, and that is in the field of human rights.
All future trade, however, must be closely matched by careful monitoring of the true social situation in the country and must be made conditional upon the establishment of the required reforms and their effective and unequivocal application.
Dramatic events that can only be described as the unleashing of the elements have however been happening on a day-to-day basis for many years, with such events being primarily a source of physical evil.
We would, however, like to stress that some of the discussions that took place on this resolution during preparations for this session were – and are – unworthy.
Most importantly, however, the eContent programme – in common with other similar initiatives – should be an effective means of enhancing the information- and knowledge-based society.
There are some aspects, however, from which I should like to distance myself.
Clarity and divinity were, however, what was really needed for a genuine moment of truth to emerge.
At the same time, however, turnout for the referendum demonstrated the need for the public to be provided with even more information.
What he does take seriously, however, is Article 16 of the Constitution that commits Member States to a common foreign and security policy.
The proposal is supported, however, by the Congress of Ukrainian Nationalists and its paramilitary wing, the UNA, some of the members of which fought as mercenaries in Chechnya.
Although we are delighted that the Kyoto Protocol has come into force, we cannot however stop there.
I would like to make a serious proposal, however, with regard to the negotiations on the framework agreement.
There is no rule, however, for the President, although his conduct should, of course, be exemplary.
In our view, a social Europe should be the priority. In order to achieve a social Europe, however, we need jobs.
I have a different concern, however, which relates to the definition of priorities and the clear allocation of responsibilities.
Only time will tell, however, whether and how these laudable plans will actually be put into practice.
Now, however, I should like to respond to your critical comments regarding the Pope.
I would, however, like to stress that we do share this concern about the quality of legislation, and we have introduced it into our programme.
As citizens, we have rights, however. We have the right to express ourselves, and that is a fundamental right.
We must, however, also focus our attention on the priorities and achieve concrete results.
At this point, however, and less diplomatically than the President of the Commission, I must also make some remarks about the World Social Forum, which proved to be something of a disappointment by comparison.
Such forms of aid, however, will have no long-term impact if they are only one-off gestures.
The theory is not, however, consistent with the everyday lives of millions of people, and it is time that we began to adjust the theories to the reality, and not the other way around.
Neither the World Social Forum nor the World Economic Forum in Davos, however, is a political actor that can, on its own, turn demands into political decisions.
Implementing such a principle of mutual recognition, however, requires a high level of mutual trust: there can be no mutual recognition without mutual trust among the judiciaries, the courts and the legal systems of the Member States.
In order for mutual recognition to exist, however, there must also be mutual trust, and, as Mr Di Pietro highlighted just now, mutual trust is not a matter of faith.
We are all aware, however, that in addition to mutual recognition, there must also be a minimum level of harmonisation.
We are somewhat surprised, however, that the Commission only intends to establish a new computer system for data exchange between 2008 and 2010.
It should not be forgotten, however, that the harmonisation of criminal law, or indeed of any other kind of law, must not merely mean that everyone is brought down to the same level, or that differences are eradicated to the detriment of national traditions, customs and needs.
We also know, however, that many Member States do all they can to hinder such judicial cooperation in every way.
There are technical problems, however, as well as the political ones which someone pointed out.
As I mentioned in my question, however, I believe that there are a number of areas where improvements would be useful.
Irrespective of these concerns, however, the report before us provides an excellent basis for carrying out future work in the usual successful manner.
With this ‘Monti package’ and the proposal for a directive on services, however, the Commission is dealing with the issue of public services.
Mr President, although I very much support this request for urgent procedure, I would, however, like to point out that care needs to be taken in implementing this proposal not to destroy the local economy, especially the fishing industry.
In principle, however, and I believe that this reflects the opinion of most Members, I am entirely in favour of the urgent procedure.
The new report by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) says, however, that despite strong economic growth – more than 5% – unemployment across the world has scarcely gone down.
Without growth, however, the boldest structural measures run out of steam.
One major European country, however, is experiencing considerable growth and a less alarming unemployment rate, and that country is the United Kingdom.
I feel that it is very important, however, to be able to say to the citizens that people who work – people who have the opportunity to work – must be able to make a decent living from their work.
We must devote attention to structural reforms, however these are impossible without fiscal measures.
It is no surprise that many countries encounter problems with profit transfer and value added tax reduction, however there are many ways to administer taxes better and reduce the burden of taxation, as the experience of our countries shows.
The report does not, however, do enough to emphasise quite a few countries’ need for a more expansive policy.
I would add one thing, however: Europe’s main problems do not only include the need for structural reforms; its second big problem is that demand in our countries is too low.
There is, however, a serious design flaw in the Stability and Growth Pact, one on which you, Commissioner, have repeatedly failed to comment.
I would not, however, think it would be a good thing to nominate five, six, seven or eight of them – that would be too much.
Most of the actions will, however, extend beyond 2010.
The action plan will, however, be successful only if we do not implement it in isolation from the necessary economic processes and pressures and from people’s lifestyles.
The report’s explanatory statement notes, however, that how this project is to be funded is unclear, and reference is made to the forthcoming financial perspective for 2007-2013.
The June List believes, however, that responsibility should mainly lie at Member State level.
I would be in favour, however, of extending the range of beneficiaries to cover the outermost regions.
We think, however, that the Europe of Brussels is getting it wrong.
It is our view, however, that the ability to provide loans for public investments and thus exceed the ceiling for budget deficits should be reserved for those countries that fulfil the national debt criterion.
I should like to ask you, however, to bear in mind that the natural environment has no borders ‘birds don’t need passports’.
The Member States, however, have reacted by doing next to nothing, and this is intolerable.
Allow me also to say, however, that it is not only an issue of obtaining enough money.
In a great many other quarters, however, it is viewed as providing real assistance in the struggle to protect biodiversity.
Natura 2000, however, has a cost that has not so far been calculated precisely.
It has not, however, planned to create a specific financial instrument designed for the network.
When it comes down to brass tacks, however, and the time comes to provide money for initiatives of this kind and to get them off the ground, a large number of those who had previously expressed their enthusiasm beat a pretty hasty retreat.
At the same time, however, it is proposing that the money should come from the Rural Development and Structural Funds, and there are a number of reasons for thinking that the primary source of funding is intended to be rural development, as no separate fund exists for Natura 2000.
The Commission, however, took no notice of any of the actors involved in that initiative.
In spite of this, however, I do not believe that we can rest on our laurels.
At the same time, however, I should like to encourage you to do more and to be more courageous in the conclusions you draw.
I firmly believe, however, that the rules already established in several countries will spread to others.
There are, however, two points in the report which my group rejects.
We are, however, opposed to the introduction of additional tests.
At the same time, however, there is another point I should like to make.
There is, however, another point I should like to add.
As you know, however, as happened in their day for goods, it is the case that safety certificates in particular – to give you an example involving a country you perhaps know better than others – prevent genuine liberalisation.
This diversity should, however, give rise to a strong demand for greater safety and a greater sense of responsibility on the road, but not the establishment of a four-wheeled monoculture over a two-wheeled one.
A cease-fire is not the same thing as peace, however, and Israel continues to take prisoners while it releases prisoners.
We Europeans, however, have turned it into a modern-day moat, in which, over the past ten years, 4 000 men and women have drowned their hopes.
We wish to remain optimistic, however, and we welcome the positive signals coming from that area.
For a great variety of reasons, however, most often political and historical ones, action has rarely been taken against foreign forces.
It is a fact that a new wind is blowing at the moment in the Middle East and that is a positive thing; however, history has shown that we always need to approach the peace process with restrained optimism and, in all events, with the will to contribute as the European Union not just economically but also politically.
We also know and have to recognise, however, that the forces in support of such a development are probably still very much a minority and are very weak.
They are also, however, the victims of traffickers, of criminal gangs who financially exploit their despair.
The rights of peoples are, however, just as important, and one of the most important of these is the right to self-determination.
Our problem is, however, that we sometimes notice failures to observe human rights elsewhere in the world but we do not notice them in our own environs.
The fact is, however, that the resolution tabled by Mrs Flautre is pretty well exhaustive, so that one could take one’s pick.
In the meantime however, you, together with your colleague, may remain in your current seats, and this will not even affect the use of the voting cards.
As you will recall, however, it snowed heavily on that day, disrupting transport across much of Europe.
There are two factors, however, that have led us not to do so.
There is one issue, however, that has not been analysed, which is the Commission’s proposal that the Council authorise Member States to ratify an ILO Convention.
The Commission proposal for a directive has become too detailed, however, as have the amendments tabled in the European Parliament.
In this specific case, there is much, however, to indicate that the European Union is not yet ready to take that step.
What is crucial, however, is the scope of the competences of the institution that is set up, and its mandate.
For it to function effectively, however, an operational organising structure needs to be set up to act as a facilitator of the whole procedure.
I must, however, warn against the risk of centralisation and loss of powers by the Member States.
In our opinion, it is wrong, however, of the European Parliament to call on the Commission to take the initiative on issues of lifestyle-related diseases or various measures against smoking.
One of the greatest omissions, however, is without doubt the lack of any evaluation of the consequences of current European Union policies, such as the common agricultural policy and the liberalisation policies that promote the privatisation of essential public services, subordinating them to the profit motive, as is happening with water.
Consequently, we have chosen to vote in favour of the report as a whole. We disapprove, however, of its lack of emphasis on the principle of subsidiarity.
While I may even agree with the idea, I would, however, draw attention to the fact that interpretation of this principle by Community courts has been uneven and not always consistent, and it therefore really needs to be clarified.
Cooperation and political relations with the European Union cannot be improved, however, unless the Moldovan Government’s mandate is based on an entirely democratic expression of the popular will; if not, it will be difficult to have dealings with that country in the years ahead.
When, however, the elections fail to meet democratic standards, that casts a shadow over future cooperation.
It will, however, be up to us to monitor this.
The mere fact of storing the information, however, constitutes an infringement of the requirements under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Our main objection to the proposal, however, is that it threatens to overturn the Swedish ban on TV advertising aimed at children.
In addition, there is the need and willingness to fund new category and activity initiatives which demonstrate high value added impact at EU level without, however, endangering existing ones.
Whether it takes place on the basis of a certain percentage of GDP or not, and however it is calculated, we regard doubling as a way to send out a signal, namely that on the one hand we are debating using 1% of GDP for the European Union, but that on the other hand we are talking about spending 3% on research.
This will be very difficult to achieve, however, given that only 3% of small and medium-sized enterprises, which pay 85% of all business taxes and provide 75% of jobs, currently invest in research, and 40% of them are involved in innovation.
The second most important reason, however, lies within the Commission itself.
It is not, however, clear how this is to be implemented.
Separating scientific and sociological research when drafting the Seventh Framework Programme has, however, in actual fact put sociological research into budgetary competition with technological research in relation to the IST programme.
Their spirit, however, is undeniably driven by a clear commitment to alleviate the suffering brought on by the tsunami.
Providing for such detailed and specific amendments within the text of the regulation itself could, however, have the affect of making the regulation cumbersome and too difficult to implement.
In order to provide emergency aid in this way, however, amendments must be made to the legal framework currently in force.
Most sensible of all, however, would no doubt be for the Commission to understand the situation, withdraw the proposal and instead try to persuade the Member States to provide at least equivalent sums for increasing the number of boats locally in the countries hit by the disaster.
Often, the truth is, however, that, in such situations, the EU Member States should coordinate financial and material resources through other international bodies, principally within the framework of cooperation with the UN.
The proposal must, however, be assessed realistically and in terms of its actual scale.
The initiative does have the merit, however, of demonstrating that the EU has not turned a blind eye to this aspect of the tragedy.
The question that must be asked, however, is whether we will succeed in putting these donations to appropriate use, and whether we will succeed in getting them to where they are most needed.
What we are talking about here, however, are medium-sized vessels of not more than 12 metres, and the necessary capacity for building such vessels does not exist on the spot.
I believe this is an important amendment, however, as it could help ensure the adoption of legislation that would benefit millions of EU citizens.
It is also true, however, that the overregulation of business is a barrier to standardisation and harmonisation and ultimately renders competition unworkable.
We should not be in the business of just making gestures, however well-meaning they are.
In our opinion, however, the UN is the international body best suited to providing humanitarian aid in connection with international disasters.
Genuine assistance is what is needed, however, not symbols.
The June List is of the opinion, however, that each Member State must be permitted to decide for itself how it wants to achieve a good working environment.
The main reason, however, is the lack of security in the country.
On the other hand, however, we have no detailed knowledge of the precise reasons behind the staged by the King of Nepal, although that knowledge would be extremely useful for us.
If we delay on this account, however, it is likely that our intervention will come too late, and rapid intervention is key.
The measures taken by other countries such as the United States, however, should convince us that that theirs is a course of action we should also be following.
The Nepalese Government, however, acts in violation of national and international law by handing Tibetans over to China.
We must draw on principles such as non-violence, democracy, tolerance, solidarity, dialogue, respect and justice as a whole, without choosing, as often happens, however, easier or more convenient struggles with regard to upholding peoples’ right to self-determination.
If Taylor remains in Nigeria, however, it is doubtful that this man accused of heinous crimes will ever face trial.
I should like to state, however, that this morning we agreed with Commissioner Potočnik to request that a Conference of Presidents open to all Members be held at 2.30 p.m. on 6 April – and I would ask that this be entered in the Minutes – in order to present the Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development.
Resources do, however, clearly appear to be restricted or limited.
Attractive as these loans are, however, they obviously come up against the limits imposed by the Stability and Growth Pact.
There are, however, still a few points of criticism, including the criticism levelled by Bank Watch and, in fact, by the rapporteur.
The concise report we are discussing today, however, is balanced, and I have a few remarks to make about it.
Its shareholders are the Member States and we are answerable to our shareholders, that is to say the national governments and parliaments; on the other hand, however, the European Investment Bank was created by the Treaty and, as we have mentioned, its task is to support the European Union’s political objectives financially.
I think that the most important direct effect on our economy will, however, come from strong policy action to increase energy efficiency throughout our society.
Without doubt, renewable sources of energy can contribute to a secure energy supply in Europe; however, they can also contribute to the Lisbon Strategy via technological development, technology exports, job creation and environmental protection.
To be more precise, however, it does not believe it is essential for such an obligation to appear in this text.
I wish, however, to argue in favour of our following the rapporteur’s recommendation.
The Commission has however reserved the right to ask the Court of Justice to make every necessary clarification concerning those five benefits in the light of the criteria set by the regulation.
There are however still five benefits at issue that have not been accepted as having to be exportable.
As a woman and a doctor, however, I should like to protest most strongly in this House against the tendency to treat women as objects, to subject women to aggressive masculinisation and to use the phrase ‘reproductive health’ to refer to motherhood.
Now is not the time, however, to make use of the phrase ‘reproductive health’, which amounts to nothing more than thinly-disguised support for abortion.
At the same time, however, we also need to monitor developments taking place around us and to adjust our policies to the new reality circumstances – social, demographic and technological – because only thus shall we be able to express women's real aspirations and make our policies effective.
We must ensure, however, that we bring men, particularly young men, into this debate.
In other countries, however, such as Portugal, there are regions in which the unemployment rate is very high due to growing de-industrialisation, to the relocation of multinationals and to the privatisation of public sectors and services.
She fails to condemn the causes of the problem, however, and therefore offers no solution.
The worst is to come, however, with the European Constitution institutionalising the principles of world free trade.
Before that, however, the French people will have to give a vote of social self-defence on 29 May and say no in Chirac’s referendum.
Is it, however, right for us not to concern ourselves with the nuclear weapons in Israel, Pakistan, India or even in permanent members of the Security Council?
It was, however, the alibi for a brutish invasion ....
True commitment to non-proliferation and disarmament, however, means that everyone, and thus not only the so-called rogue states, curtail research into, and the development of, weapons of mass destruction.
There is, however, also and above all the question of the merits.
A few things are, however, unclear, for example concerning the labour market.
One of the most effective instruments in the fight against counterfeiting, however, is to cut it at source.
I should say, however, that when it comes to Russia the situation is different.
I share the view that improvements have taken place in agricultural policy. I do not, however, think that the improvements are enough.
With a view to modernising the EU’s institutions and to that implementation of sound administrative practices discussed by Commissioner Kallas, we must, however, also demand more from the tax revenue we invest.
Notwithstanding this, however, the Community needs to ensure diversity of supply and make maximum use of its own indigenous energy resources.
During the debate on this matter, I doubted, however, whether some MEPs remembered that European cooperation was based upon free trade.
On this last point, I am, however, concerned about the capacity of the beneficiary countries, and particularly those affected by the tidal wave, to take the necessary administrative steps quickly in order to benefit from the new system.
Inter-regional cumulation would simplify the application of the rules of origin, however it would be the more competitive countries, China for example, which would gain any real benefit from this, not the least developed countries.
It is a most generous tool; however, its long period of application through renewals is leading to the unforced conclusion that it needs to focus on the countries that really need it and on fundamentally competitive products.
With regard to the form, content and procedural complexity of the origination regulation however, and its overall complexity, the result is that it is very hard to use, especially for the less developed countries.
First of all, however, I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Wieland, for his excellent report.
My essential concern remains, however, how we can communicate to the public the Community’s nature as something founded upon the rule of law.
I should like to inform the Commissioner, however, that if at all possible we would welcome more rapid responses in certain cases.
There are, however, a number of problems that we need to remedy very soon.
I should like to add, however, that it was not always the ACP states that insisted on a split vote, it was sometimes our groups, when there had been no majority vote at the plenary sitting of this ACP Assembly.
I think, however, that our rapporteur, Mr Dombrovskis, is right to demand that we investigate whether the resultant staffing situation is satisfactory in all respects.
This does not mean, however, that the directive is unclear on the conditions of exchange of tissues and cells.
The Commission would, however, do well to examine whether or not it is itself partly responsible for this, because it uses European funds to promote research which is punishable in some Member States.
Having said that, however, a certain number of innovations have been suggested by the Commission and – let us not forget – by Parliament too.
We do, however, need to have these summarised in a progress report, and that has to be based on progress reports from the Member States.
That is not, however, an end in itself; rather, the object is the creation of jobs, enabling people to get involved and make use of their options in Europe.
Now, however, the substance of its policies does not match up to its citizens’ expectations.
This new start should not, however, follow the line of the Commission proposal.
Defending a Europe of excellence, however, does not mean defending the status quo.
I would, however, like to urge you to take a different look at economic reforms.
This time, however, I must disagree with what Mrs Frassoni said in her speech.
Over the past year, however, we have not seen any evidence of new ideas or debates on how to reinvigorate the Lisbon process.
In spite of all the flowery language, however, there is no getting away from the fact that the Lisbon goals will not be achieved.
As I have already said, however, there are no grounds for pessimism provided the relaunch of the Lisbon Strategy does not stop at fine words but really does bring a fresh impetus, a fresh impetus that we need, that Europe’s citizens need and on which they are really counting.
We must also be aware, however, that an economy that is increasingly uncompetitive and which no longer generates enough jobs, inevitably leads to social exclusion and undermines the very foundations of the European social model.
If that network is to develop, however, we have to think of new ways of financing it.
At the same time, however, future investments cannot be used to pay the price for a purely accounting approach that has nothing to do with good economic policy.
It is, however, easy to predict the negative effects this will have on the EU’s industry and agriculture. They include the following;
As usual, however, all the Commission is concerned about is pursuing an ideology that places trade above all else.
Unfortunately, however, those orientations continue to be held back by the alienation of many states and citizens.
At the same time, however, a compromise at all costs – a cut-price compromise, one could say – would be an equally poor solution.
We should not yet resign ourselves to failure, however, as there is still every chance that a balanced and credible solution may be reached.
Time is short, however, and in our opinion it would be a good idea if the new sustainable development strategy were to be finalised and presented before the end of the year.
I should, however, add that in industry, investments are not written off over one year.
I have the impression, however, that the Member States’ governments are adopting a strategy of slowly and gently weakening the Commission’s role.
Up to now, European added value has been defined through collaboration between research teams in different countries. As the Mayor report shows, however, it is time to provide a new definition of added value, making it possible for individual researchers or individual teams in any EU Member State to compete with all other researchers on the basis of excellence.
They are flexible, however, and can use the results of research and development work, and this might be the key to solving our unemployment problem.
Research, however, is not just a matter of funds, instruments and infrastructure.
It is my belief that Commissioner Potočnik has never worked in the field of research, however, and can therefore adopt a more distanced and somewhat less passionate approach to our proposals.
There is another new feature to the Seventh Framework Programme, however, as it has been drafted and will be implemented after enlargement, with the involvement of the ten new Member States.
Allow me, however, in the short time at my disposal, to bring a worry to your attention.
With regard to this draft report, however, I must say that no definite answer has yet been provided to a question that was asked quite clearly several months ago, namely whether there is actually any need for this report.
After more careful study, however, I can clearly see that the tree is not only decorated but also maintains a consistent theme.
The committee has, however, been even more realistic than the Commission.
We must not forget, however, that a substantial part of the amount must come from the Member States.
To reach this goal, however – as with any other large-scale enterprise – money is needed.
The integrated approach in this case would be financed by the Regional Development Fund, the Structural Funds, and also the supplemented LIFE+ fund, however it is workable.
The Commission’s answers to our questions, however, have strengthened our misgivings in connection with the effectiveness of the integrated approach.
For a number of years, however, it has been apparent that developments in the Natura 2000 network in Europe have not been backed up by appropriate funding for the creation and maintenance of this network.
The Commission understands, however, that this proposal allows for the possibility of supporting activities designed to develop the marine environment.
On the other hand, however, it must not neglect the position and the future of the men and women who depend on this sector, both in Europe and in the countries that are our trading partners.
I also, however, want to thank all the other Members of the House who have made constructive contributions to making this motion for a resolution what it is.
It is very important, however, for us to make it possible for production and, thus, also the quotas, to move to where production is best and thus also cheapest.
It is no help, however, sticking to the present arrangements so that they can sell what they produce at artificially high prices in the EU’s internal market.
The communication presented by the Commission in July 2004 on the reform of the sugar sector does, however, by its approach, involve profound effects on, and changes to, the existing market organisation for sugar.
Mr President, I would thank the Commissioner for sticking with a reform of the sugar markets, however modest this may be.
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development’s resolution is, however, appalling, at least if global solidarity has even a minor role to play in political life.
Equally worrying, however, is the impact of this reform on production in the autonomous region of the Azores, given the need to maintain this activity in that outermost region.
The previous reform proposal and quota distribution, however, were a good example of what not to do.
This is not how it has turned out, however, even though we note, with evident satisfaction, some welcome proposals, such as the public awareness and information campaigns, or the emphasis placed on public canteens and school meals in particular.
Having said that, however, we believe that the Commission should go ahead with this plan.
There are, however, a number of ideas that we are unable to back.
The resolution contains, however, proposals that would gradually strengthen the role of the EU’s foreign and defence policy, something that would be in danger of weakening the UN’s position.
In the case of North Korea, however, there are more than indications, there are clear statements and instances of behaviour on the part of the leaders of that country that should give the international community pause for thought about what actions it may have to take in due course.
It is, however, too early in the current situation to commit ourselves to a particular level for the EU budget.
I do not, however, support the EU’s defence research.
Their situation should not, however, be remedied through a less far-reaching reform of the sugar market.
There must, however, be no beating about the bush where China is concerned.
Tibet, however, is an international treasure and international treasures are not the preserve of any one people.
Allow me, however, not to talk directly about human rights abuses in Belarus, but to raise the issue of the European Union's assistance to civil society in that country.
This issue will, however, also be dealt with at the next meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Committee which will be taking place in Geneva at the end of this month and continuing into April.
The Greek state and the competent construction agency, the Thessaloniki county council, however, suddenly suspended completion of the centre for no apparent reason and refused to pay the rest of the money budgeted for it.
In practice, however, this House could make do with one newspaper for a whole year.
The absence of clear objectives and priorities leads us to dissipate our energies as much as the lack of any obvious link with other Community policies which do, however, complement the policies associated with the area of freedom, security and justice.
I want this Green Paper, however, to permit a wider debate on opening up means of legal immigration and not to be confined to the needs of the European labour market.
I would emphasise again, however, that, for the Council, the main thing is the content.
It was, however, an historic year for three main reasons.
Today, however, it is apparent that enlargement has had no negative impact on the European Union’s internal security.
The success of this process is dependent upon all the necessary requirements being met, however. This applies above all to the European Commission, which is responsible for setting up and coordinating the new second-generation Schengen Information System.
That is on the understanding, however, that the rule of law is observed across Europe.
The question is, however, whether this will actually be done if there is so much protest against it.
It is clear, however, that the EU's ambition is to garner that role to itself.
The way the Committee voted did, however, show beyond any doubt that there is nevertheless a broad consensus among this House’s transport policy-makers as regards the rest and driving times regulation, which was adopted by two thirds of the votes, while the control directive received almost four fifths.
We must take care, however, to ensure that the rules are relatively clear, and we must never lose sight of the aim of effective enforcement.
The ALDE Group would like us to arrive at a situation in which an uninterrupted period of rest of 11 hours is obtained, but we do not, however, think that the Council is right in thinking that the interrupted rest period needs only to be three plus nine hours.
This was only the tip of the iceberg, however, as we hear – time and time again, unfortunately – of accidents caused by tiredness at the wheel.
I do not think, however, that the Committee on Transport and Tourism’s version is now balanced in all these aspects.
At the same time, however, the rules need to be realistic and based on common sense.
I do, however, share your views on the issue of lorries weighing less than 3.5 tonnes.
Quite apart from this, however, the conditions of competition are completely awry.
In order for these two goals to be achieved, however, the following four key principles must be observed. The working week must not be any longer than the proposed 56 hours, the rules must also cover express delivery and courier services, digital recording devices must be introduced without delay and wage dumping, which is often to blame for the dangerous situations we have seen, must be outlawed.
As digital tachograph manufacturers were unable to supply the equipment in time, however, my predecessor, Mrs de Palacio, quite rightly introduced a moratorium laying down transitional measures for the Member States and delaying the compulsory installation of digital tachographs in new lorries until 5 August 2005.
Much work, however, remains to be done before the objectives and decisions adopted by the European Council can be fully achieved and implemented.
The meeting, however, was remarkable for something which it did not discuss: the UK’s budget rebate.
It must not, however, become a back door through which membership contributions of the richest Member States can be renationalised.
The fact is, however, that the Union, and particularly the euro area, has never known such a high degree of stability.
That does, however, presuppose that this labour law is enforced effectively; if it is not, people will definitely be taken advantage of and competition will be unfair.
The difficulties created by a weaker common currency and higher lending rates will, however, be shared by all the Member States, including those which behaved well during both the good and the bad times.
What Europe needs, however, is criteria rather than dogma, and numerous voices in this Chamber had been calling for more flexibility.
It should be remembered, however, that the main responsibility for implementation of the essential structural reforms now lies with the Member States.
I would like to stress, however, that, despite these differences and despite, at times, our divergences, we are able to reach very significant consensus, as was the case at the Spring Council.
There is no provision for doing this, however, and your amendment has not therefore been put to the vote.
As we do not wish to vote no, however, and as we state that, given the nuclear energy situation in Bulgaria, for instance, we cannot vote yes today, we simply ask for the vote on assent to be postponed. We also ask that firstly, according to the clauses of the agreement with the Commission, a progress report by the Committee on Foreign Affairs be drafted to allow a vote on assent to take place at the beginning of 2006, one year prior to accession.
I do, however, know of a great many Members who – for the reasons Mr Cohn-Bendit has spelled out – are loath to take a decision on this matter today.
The question we must ask, however, is why we should give the benefit of the doubt to a country experiencing such fundamental problems with democracy as corruption and a failure to protect the freedom of the press.
There is, however, another argument, which is very powerful.
We had, however, agreed that we would go along with the compromise reached with the other groups.
It is now clear, however, that Bulgaria has made significant efforts to fulfil Community criteria and to move closer to the Union in political, economic and social terms.
At the same time, however, the CSU has always maintained that countries must meet certain criteria before they join the EU.
The truth, however, is that demands are already in place, such as derogations with regard to freedom of movement of workers.
This must not, however, disguise the most important factor on the road to accession, namely that the criteria to be met must be realistic.
I vehemently object, however, to the clearance sale of membership conditions that Parliament has agreed to today through its recommendation.
I deplore, however, the way in which governments, particularly those of Chirac, Blair, Schroeder and the like, deal with these issues.
Before they can join the EU, however, they must meet set criteria.
It must also, however, be accompanied by constant commitment to reducing the adverse effects on the environment that will always arise.
It does, however, offer the possibility of better regulations in certain Member States.
In reality, however, this system causes social dumping, as the free competition of services leads to carriers from countries where there is a better social framework being penalised.
We had however reservations about amendment 11 concerning the express delivery industry.
This lie is not, however, the first to be uttered by the hypocrites of the yes camp.
This directive is, however, only an outline of what awaits us if the European Constitution is adopted.
It is also true, however, that the Lisbon Strategy needed a review, in order to make it more realistic and more geared towards genuine competitiveness.
I believe, however, that the country is ready to assume more responsibility for its own future.
To date, however, such measures have been thin on the ground.
At the same time, however, we must ask ourselves what action the countries themselves are taking.
Given everything that has happened, however, particularly as far as Kosovo is concerned, this is highly unlikely.
It is also true, however, that this region has a good deal in prospect, including in terms of its integration into the Europe we have today.
What is important, however, is to insist that these countries have prospects in terms of Europe, for it is those prospects that can be the very driving force they need.
I remain convinced that – however unpopular it may be and I emphasise it here once more – the European Union needs a Balkan strategy.
That does not mean, however, that the European Union is not critical of political developments in the Balkans region.
On closer inspection, however, it unfortunately becomes apparent that ‘old boy networks’ still operate in many of these Balkan states.
In the real Balkans, however, there is still more than enough to do.
European integration can only be achieved, however, if there is a great impetus from the people.
We must also ensure, however, that greater space is given to this instrument in the neighbourhood policy of the European Union, which is after all a security concept in itself, as it creates links between countries in order to ensure that they never wage war against each other again.
There are, however, a number of issues that must be given particular consideration, as they reveal the unique nature of the European Security Strategy.
In spite of this opposition, however, a broad consensus was reached within the committee in favour of the Security Strategy, which involves the establishment of various instruments such as a situation centre, a civilian/military planning cell and the setting up of battle groups or the Defence Agency.
A great deal remains to be done, however; for example, we still have no coherent plan of how civilian crisis management forces should be organised.
The European Union can, however, be strong on the international stage only if its actions really are coherent, and so, if it is to face up to the new challenges, it needs more than just the common foreign and security policy in the strict sense of the term.
In order to have legitimacy, however, the authority of the United Nations system needs to be restored, as the Brok report quite rightly points out.
I should like to add a word of concern, however: the meeting between George W. Bush and Ariel Sharon itself revealed a fairly sharp disagreement over the Israeli policy of expanding the settlements, which in practice means the annexation of East Jerusalem and part of the West Bank.
For obvious reasons, however, it is necessary to define where adjustments are required.
It was not, however, really an answer to the question I asked, which was not about disarming various organisations in Lebanon but about ensuring that the Middle East peace process could continue under stable conditions.
The victim’s family, however, has filed a lawsuit against the American soldiers involved.
It should be noted, however, that these guidelines and the recommendations that may result from the complaint procedure are not legally binding.
It is, however, important to be aware of the fundamental difference between permitted and prohibited instruments, or between production-friendly policy and dumping.
Most importantly, however, it is detrimental to the well being of Europe.
At the same time, however, workers from the new Member States find it extremely difficult to gain recognition for their qualifications when they arrive in the old Member States, despite the fact that international agreements have been concluded on this matter.
It is astonishing, however, that cars contribute only 1% of the total quantity of waste in the EU.
It is, however, important to prepare the implementation of this new provision carefully.
A sense of proportion, however, should be maintained here.
Within this framework, however, efforts are being made by a limited number of non-European countries, mainly in the English-speaking world, in a bid to weaken the proposed UNESCO Convention.
I should, however, like to express some doubts about how it can be accepted and enforced in individual Member States.
With regard to cultural diversity, moreover, much is spoken about minority languages; I have the impression, however, that these languages are seldom safeguarded.
It does, however, improve the international exchange of cultural goods, and fosters diversity.
It is undoubtedly true, however, that we had to carry out a thoroughgoing analysis in committee, in conjunction with the national authorities in Portugal and Spain, so that we could turn the Commission’s good intentions into reality.
We are opposed, however, to strengthening the EU’s foreign policy, which is in many respects the aim of the resolution.
Let us emphasise, however, that, looking back at the past, we must feel pleased and that, happily, looking into the future, we can feel hopeful.
I should like to emphasise, however, that the EU has serious shortcomings in terms of military means that may hinder its ability to carry out high-intensity humanitarian missions.
We demand, however, that each Member State should have effective control of the EU’s external borders and combat the trade in illegal substances.
There is no question that the specific economic effects in the country are different depending on the particular geography or territory in question, however. But the problem of drought, the problem of lack of water, is a shared problem.
I should like to place particular emphasis, however, on aspects that are, indisputably, intrinsically linked with a forest strategy that of course depends on Member States’ definitions, but which the Commission must also define accurately.
I would now like to speak of the phenomenon that is behind it, however: climate change.
If we ask whether more droughts can be expected, however, they answer yes; if heat waves are to become more frequent, they answer yes; and if modern society will become more and more vulnerable to extreme weather phenomena, they answer yes.
The lack of a joint plan between the countries and the Commission (Agriculture and Environment) is, however, all the more striking given that the European Environment Agency has recently stressed that the areas that will suffer most from the negative affects of the expected climate change are the Mediterranean countries.
The most worrying thing, however, is that the solution is on the table, it exists and is called the Baker Plan II.
In addition to these harsh conditions in Tindouf because these 150 000 human beings live in the middle of the desert without any comforts they are faced, however, with a situation in which our humanitarian assistance is being reduced.
I do not want to talk about that, however, because what we are saying here is that it is important for the European Union to continue to provide the assistance it has been providing for these 150 000 Sahrawis who are trying to find a solution.
It has, however, adapted the timing and the level of the most recent funding decisions to the situation on the ground.
Thanks to the rapporteur’s openness and willingness to listen, however, the report as it stands does not evade the more delicate points.
Quite a few developing countries, however, are under enormous pressure from the United States to undermine the Criminal Court’s good work.
At the same time, however, the report is very careful – and on this point I disagree with Mr van Hecke – to avoid disgruntling the European Union’s economic and political partners.
There is an unwillingness, however, to upset relations with Turkey.
If I may, however, I should like to focus on a number of amendments to the report which were rejected by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and which have now been tabled again in plenary.
I would, however, like to say that the report on human rights is a virtually impossible exercise.
That has, however, nothing to do with the qualities of the rapporteur, whom I thank once again.
Today, however, we are frequently confronted with what amounts to conspiracies between entrepreneurs.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child was signed and ratified by almost all the countries of the world. I am, however, convinced that there are a number of European countries where the rights of children do not receive adequate attention.
At the same time, however, there are a few comments I should like to make on the report.
In contrast to what has been said by a succession of Members from the European left, however, I should like to point out a few brave positions adopted by the rapporteur with regard to major economic and political powers, towards which this Parliament all too often adopts an ambiguous and diplomatic stance, in a cynical attitude of , it could be said, to protect foreign trade.
That is not enough, however, and the report recognises it.
Any foreign policy worthy of the name, however, one that is based on values, must give an important place to the defence of human rights.
At the same time, however, it also revealed that the legislation in this field is outdated and lacks clarity.
Precisely like the communities mentioned, however, the Roma community must also be subject to the rules of social coexistence and of mutual respect for the social order.
We should bear in mind, however, that as well as rights, citizens also have certain duties, towards both the country they live in and the other people who live there.
At the same time, however, he informed us that the Bureau had decided not to hold a minute’s silence for the victims of this crime, and I find this most regrettable.
I remain convinced, however, that this moment will come, and it is the responsibility of the Union to encourage it.
On behalf of the 106 new representatives, however, I would like to take this festive moment to thank the long-standing members for their friendship, helpfulness, tolerance and solidarity.
In particular, when it is about human tragedies, which followed the greatest Jewish tragedy, that are, however, forgotten, since they are the tragedies of smaller nations, such as the genocide of the Romany or Chechen-Ingush people carried out during the Second World War, and the Chechen genocide last year was acknowledged by the European Parliament.
Is it not true, however, that the Kurds, like the surviving Armenians – if there are still any of them left – are a Turkish minority?
This does not, however, give them the right to take decisions for patients.
For this to happen, however, Member States must accept that reforms must be carried out to ensure the system’s financial stability.
It does not, however, simply mean that spending more adds up to better performance.
At the same time, however, the social rights of health care workers and patients must be properly safeguarded.
The fact that amendments have been proposed to the way in which appointments are made to the Bilbao Agency did however come as something of a surprise to the Commission, as the implication is that the Commission should have closer control over the Agency.
I, however, could do anything, no matter how dangerous, because I was a home carer.
Everyone agrees, however, that there are two or three issues that we will obviously need to take further.
I should, however, like to point out to you what we learnt when we officially met the CESR and its officials for the first time, in Paris.
It is premature, however, to issue a definitive verdict, because many of these measures have yet to be implemented.
As we move beyond the FSAP, however, the process itself should take into account the new environment in order to ensure that the appropriate balance of legislative and horizontal measures, structures of transparency, parliamentary control and stakeholder consultation improves further.
These barriers, however, have their origin in the fragmentation of the European market for historic reasons.
A number of MEPs preferred the present mechanism, however, and considered that it would make for a better result.
The benefits we have derived, however, have been few and far between.
A number of third countries, however, require visas from EU citizens, and this runs counter to the principle of reciprocity.
At the same time, however, the Member States’ competences should also be extended somewhat, as otherwise they are likely to feel hard done by.
After the 10 new Member States joined the EU, however, people’s attitudes towards this principle suddenly began to change.
We are, however, more reserved with regard to unlimited access to European databases.
Even if that were so, however, there are such major reasons for concern about extending the access in question that we in our group shall vote against the proposal, irrespective of the fact that we very much appreciate the rapporteur’s very commendable efforts to have an obligation imposed to report on whether the system is of any use.
It is important, however, that the needs of developing countries are taken into account and that our response is proportionate and that we allow controlled exemptions.
We therefore support the need for the gradual elaboration of a common European policy for protecting groundwater, which will, however, also take account of the specific characteristics of each area.
Not even in the light of this will it, however, be accepted that we are entitled to special consideration.
A negative example, however, is that the forms used to differentiate between enterprises are still not available in all the languages of the Member States.
Our group does, however, wish to express its opposition to the unhindered operation of what are termed market forces.
In the harmonised spheres, however, the infrastructure for conformity assessment is not always accessible to them in their own countries for the products which they produce.
As she said, we are fundamentally very much in favour of a services directive being drafted, and of the services market being opened up; we do not, however, want it to happen any old how, but in a truly socially acceptable manner.
Citizens must also be protected, however, from unnecessary and unwanted State interference in the private sphere.
Groundwater is not, however, identical throughout the EU.
The rapporteur points out, however, that the new legislation must maintain at least the current level of protection, and that prevention should be a key element.
Finally, certain specific local circumstances mean that historical pollution has to be taken into particular consideration without, however, leading inevitably to a downgrading of those bodies of water.
It would, however, cause problems if the review were to be undertaken by the whole of the European Parliament, since few MEPs are aware of how the Foundation operates.
It is not, however, the EU’s task to guarantee human rights globally.
The resolution is largely, however, about strengthening the EU’s foreign policy role.
There is more work to be done, however, which, as the report before us points out, must be accompanied by a suitable assessment of the measures that will need to be taken over time, so that a good proposal is not spoiled by too many or too few legal instruments.
We do not, however, believe that the EU needs to have a common strategy in terms of the Punta del Este Conference on Persistent Organic Pollutants.
In a context that is also marked by relocation, however, it is absolutely vital to have a policy in support of the employees and the regions that have to sustain relocation within the Union’s borders.
Mr President, there are only a few hundred Hungarians living in Latvia today but if we believe in humane minority rights, however, then we must also mention their deprivation of rights.
One cannot help feeling, however, that the Kremlin is attempting to use this occasion to rewrite history.
It will not, however, bring them justice: for this, I call on those present on that fateful night to have courage and testify against those who committed this crime.
The wording of the proposal was improved; however, its basic structure and, more importantly, the water quality standards remained in keeping with the Commission's initial proposal.
In its Common Position, the Council has introduced a new parameter of ‘sufficient’, which does not, however constitute an improvement over the 1976 standard.
It must be recognised, however, that investing in good-quality water means investing in our future.
Unexpected pollution can occur and, in such an event, temporary banning orders must be implemented, which do not, however, irrevocably lead to the downgrading of the
With regard to classifications, it is indeed necessary to be demanding and not to be mistaken on the quality of bathing waters; I deplore, however, the disappearance of the intermediate category, classified as sufficient.
There is, however, much in the amendments made by Parliament that I cannot agree with.
What is most irksome about the amendments made by Parliament, however, is the plan to delete the satisfactory/sufficient classification for bathing water.
In the Council’s defence, it has to be said, however, that this is no new form of stupidity, for the current directive is far worse than the compromise arrived at by the Council.
In the Council’s defence, I must say, however, that an attempt has now at least been made to get rid of some of the silliest aspects of the legislation.
I am convinced, however - and I make this commitment to you - that European cinema needs assistance and that we shall continue to offer it help.
To be honest, however, without these EUR 20 000 300 000 it will be extremely difficult for us to rise to this challenge.
In my opinion, however, money is not all that is needed.
It is, however, abundantly clear that this list still contains too many projects in relation to the EU’s financial resources.
In spite of these shortcomings, however, I believe that we should do everything in our power to ensure that expenditure on the trans-European transport network remains at the level proposed by the Commission.
This code of conduct is not, however, legally binding.
That also implies, however, that Europeans are truly willing to consent to the efforts required to ensure this large-scale security effort across all port facilities.
An improvement in the situation is, however, necessary, given that vessels are often not allowed to load and unload at US ports, and – particularly as regards container ships – the ports have to reach an agreement with the US customs agency under penalty of exclusion from transport routes.
There are some controversial elements, however, the first of which is the opt-out.
Whilst we have hoped for the progressive abolition of the individual opt-out in a text that does not lean towards standardisation, however, we have given our support to keeping an opt-out option that would be managed by negotiation and collective conventions, in accordance with national customs.
At the same time, however, it represents a danger to the health and safety of us all.
The Commission’s proposal does away with all that, however, and cites hypocritical reasons for doing so.
The parliamentary report before us goes too far, however, and could create serious problems, especially in Member States that have not yet obtained a certain standard of living.
We should not, however, remove workers’ right to choose for themselves whether or not they want to work longer hours.
I do, however, fully appreciate Parliament’s concerns, which it has outlined in the draft report.
It is, however, willing to discuss it, and to work together with legislators, who are themselves divided on the issue, in order to find the best possible compromise.
The reality remains however; the conscientious, slow and methodical reconstruction of a country devastated by decades of war is not as attractive to the media as the war itself.
The long and dark years of suffering, however, did not dampen our aspirations to build a stable, democratic and prosperous Afghanistan.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I was going to take the floor to inform you that I had withdrawn Amendment 12; however, it lapses like Amendment 10, because they have in fact already been accepted by Parliament and the Commission.
The European Parliament should not, however, adopt a position on a Framework Agreement before there is a clear basis for the financial commitments to be provided by such an agreement to other Member States.
I shall continue, however, to express my opinion on the various areas that fall under the scheme, when the moment arises in discussions on such matters.
Where we differ, however, is on his reasons for rejecting the Commission’s proposal; for example, the report mentions the potential negative impact of the proposal for the common agricultural policy, and for competition conditions in European agriculture.
Combating the spread of infectious veterinary diseases within the framework of the EU is no reason, however, for continuing to conduct a costly and damaging common agricultural policy (CAP).
We must, however, have confidence in the intelligence and judgment of human beings, particularly as regards carrying out recreational activities.
It does not consider that opinion binding, however, and does not provide for the merger to be rejected if that opinion is negative.
The Member States must be free, however, to establish different security levels commensurate with the amount of risk in the ports, and to define the perimeter of each port under this directive and its adjacent areas.
I of course agree with you, however, that the dialogue with the United States is incredibly important because, without its active participation, the work on climate change can never be properly effective.
Above all, however, it is the biggest polluter, the United States of America, which ought to recognise its responsibility.
It is extremely important, however, that we integrate this approach into all of our social structuring and social planning, for it will only be then that we shall be able to achieve results.
It should be borne in mind, however, that no one is being condemned to having sanctions imposed on them here: we are simply proposing that the possibility should be investigated for the future.
Not even the EU, however, will be safe from my WTO amendment, if it does not succeed in fulfilling its commitments.
If we can prevent trafficking in ammunition, however, we will be able to silence the weapons themselves.
In other cases, however, the reintegration of ex-combatants has been included in broader programmes for the development or rehabilitation of post-conflict areas.
It is still necessary, however, to develop and implement general recommendations.
As always in such cases, however, maximum pressure will be required to get all states to subscribe to it, because if it is always the same States which subscribe and the same other States which do not, discouragement is bound to set in.
As I have been asked, I can, however, reveal the gist of the information that we have received.
I am not anticipating what decision might be reached as a result of these investigations; however, whatever happens, this can only last until the end of 2008.
Secondly, as far as my reference to Article 1.5 of the Constitution is concerned, of course I too recognise that the Constitution has not yet been ratified; however, the Constitution introduces the principle of dialogue and cooperation which, I note, is something accepted by Mr McCreevy.
This mechanism will be maintained after 2006; however, we are proposing to lengthen that period from five to seven years.
So far, however, the Commission has received no proposals for transfers of funds between programmes.
It is the people whose qualifications are not recognised who suffer most, however, and who are prevented from taking up jobs for which they are qualified.
It is an unfortunate fact, however, that this directive has been ruined by Parliament.
All that the Commission is proposing, however, is to carry out studies and to take other measures that it has not explained in any detail.
Several of the proposed amendments, however, go beyond the scope of the Commission’s proposal, especially as far as the time-frame for the proposal is concerned.
A heated debate ensued on the second question, however, regarding whether or not changes should be made to quota levels.
In spite of this, however, its production quotas are several times lower than those allocated to Germany, The Netherlands, or France.
A broad compromise was reached within the Committee, however, which led to an alternative idea of a ‘balancing-out’, whereby countries would be provided with the opportunity to transfer any unfilled quotas.
It would, however, provide us with an opportunity to redress the unfair allocation of quotas, at least in instances where quotas are not filled by certain countries.
Even though they are concerned with such a minor aspect of this policy, however, the report and its explanatory statement serve as an excellent example of the way in which individual countries are treated differently and incorrectly.
What is shameful, however, is to refuse to correct the mistake.
Although the amendments originally tabled by the rapporteur for the Committee on Agriculture reiterated the changes that had previously been proposed by the Lithuanian and Polish governments, however, they caused quite a stir.
The economy of Lithuania, the fastest growing economy in the European Union, demands more and more of this product, that is, this product is necessary for Lithuania for its own needs; however, the production quota, which is only 1 200 tonnes per year, does not allow for Lithuanian factories to employ their capacity in at least a minimal, economically justified regime.
I understand that the issue of quotas is a very sensitive one; however, I am talking not about additional benefit, but only about the possibility to survive.
At present, however, starch-production facilities in Poland operate at only around 60% of their production capacity, because the production quota for the country is set at 145 000 tonnes.
At the same time, however, the starch production quotas set for these countries amount to only around 10% of the production quota for the European Union as a whole.
Much has happened in Sudan since then, however: above all, there has been a successful conclusion to the negotiations which led to the signing of the comprehensive peace agreement on 25 January, putting an end to 21 years of civil war between the north and the south of the country, even though the set of protocols included in the agreement is very demanding and requires good will on both sides.
I should like, however, to talk about the positive things that I saw during the visit by the European Parliament-ACP delegation in March.
In Juba, in the south ravaged by war, which is, however, experiencing hope because of that amazing, vital agreement, members of parliament and NGOs told us of the need to work fast, to clear the roads of landmines, to reunite divided families and to open the university under the watchful eye of UNMIS.
I would also like to add that the Member States are working to coordinate their positions in order to have greater weight within the international institutions, including the international financial institutions such as the World Bank; this exercise does not, however, involve the Council as an institution since, as I said, the Community has no competence in this field.
Nevertheless, however important it may be to make this effort, it is not enough.
I have little time, however, so I shall focus specifically on relations between the EU and the World Bank.
Aside from passing judgment on the person, however, who is well-known in any case for being one of the most effective proponents of the doctrine of preventative war, not to mention exporting democracy through weapons – one never knows, even Saint Paul converted on the road to Damascus – it would seem that the World Bank has not evolved much from the framework established at Bretton Woods, now more than 60 years ago.
Leaving aside those agreements and the commitments undertaken by the EU – in Monterey, Barcelona and Johannesburg – however, it would be correct and logical to ensure good governance in the running of an institution that requires co-partnership as a foremost condition for gaining access to financing.
Clear responses are needed: democratic reform of the processes must, however, also aim at overturning the asymmetry between the economies of North and South.
Rather than leaving it until some point in the future, however, we must start it now, and without delay.
There is, however, another element that will help us.
I think that indeed a movement took place in this country, a movement of people; however, to name that a revolution, which has happened in the Ukraine or Georgia, would be hasty, to my mind, and I would invite Parliament to be more careful by choosing such words.
There are however further aspects of the uprising in Kyrgyzstan that distinguish it from others of its kind.
In Kyrgyzstan, however, the new political set-up is just as pro-Russian as its predecessor, if not more so.
It would appear, however, that a partial power vacuum has now emerged in Kyrgyzstan, and this brings with it the risk that the mood will change and that the country will descend into chaos and civil war.
We believe, however, that individual Member States should judge which professional qualifications are to be mutually recognised.
It would still be possible to add the qualification of master craftsman to a higher-ranking category, however, by including it in Annex II of the directive.
The rapporteur, Mr Cercas, however, is attempting to demonstrate the European Parliament’s intention to secure abandonment of the opt-out, a real poison for the future of European social law, within three years.
There is, however, now already a directive at EU level that regulates working time, and the present directive is designed to update the existing directive.
At the same time, however, we are also faced with the problem of decreasing birth rates in Europe, and it would be a disastrous mistake to attempt to reverse this trend by means of immigration.
The consequences for the working class are painful: more unpaid work, whenever and however the needs of capitalist production dictate, thereby undermining collective labour agreements, the intensification of slavery, more accidents at work, worsening insurance and pension terms, drastic reductions in free time for social activity and the breakdown of family life.
Above all, however, it was also a day of liberation for Germany.
The restored freedom at the start of May 1945, however, was not enjoyed in equal measure throughout Europe.
Those who lived in Central and Eastern Europe, however, did not experience the same level of freedom that we have experienced for 50 years.
With the Second World War finally coming to an end, however, I say today, long live enlargement!
This implementation sometimes takes place so peacefully, however, that we run the risk of forgetting what preceded it.
They were making the headlines as recently as 10 years ago, however, when massacres were taking place in certain Balkan countries.
The fear, however, is that of finding or not finding a job, and not the fear of finding or not finding one’s own country.
Nothing, absolutely nothing, however, should allow us to trivialise Nazism, the intended aim of which – should we need reminding – was to exterminate sub-humans and to enlarge the essential space of the superior race through mass warfare.
The current leaders of Germany and Russia, or in other words the countries that started the Second World War, however, have given a joint interview to the German newspaper in which they attempt to divert attention away from anything other than their mutual relations and the losses they suffered.
What is missing, however, is any reference to the link that exists between the start and the end of the war, or to the views on the war that are currently being touted in Russia.
Another evil dictatorship, however, awaited the other half of Europe with no less suffering and destruction.
The occupying army, however, does not deserve our respect; it forced its own oppressing dictatorship on one part of the European nations.
There is, however, one thing that unites us, as we all remember the victims claimed by the war and the struggle for freedom and democracy.
It was, however, also a time of heroic deeds by the underground state and society.
I should like to be clear on that point: in terms of political beliefs, personal data and cultural development,myself and my group have no problem in firmly condemning the horrors of Stalinism; however, in this debate, people are seeking to surreptitiously bring to life the theories of Nolte, which equate Nazism with Communism, and not only with Stalinism.
I believe, however, that we are talking about two different situations, which must be assessed accordingly.
I must point out, however, that legal opinions exist which do not confirm the approach taken by the Commission regarding the legal basis that it initially adopted.
It must be observed, however, that there are blocking minorities who are preventing us from advancing more rapidly along this road.
We know that this reform is an extremely difficult undertaking, however, given that not all the Member States share the same approach as regards developing the nuclear sector.
I hope that this year will be a positive one; however, in truth, the initial signs are only partially encouraging.
Even if that assessment were incorrect, however, the reference to the agreement reached on sustainable development during the Gothenburg European Council is without question unsatisfactory: there can be no competitive growth without sustainable growth.
Without doubt, this is an old sore point, a painful wound that is reopened at every budgetary procedure; a more courageous approach, however, would have put the Council ahead of its responsibilities and would have gained the full support of Parliament.
In general, we were expecting greater impetus, but our stance will, however, be constructive.
Having said that, however, I do not agree that an interim, makeshift solution of employing temporary staff should be considered a viable option or alternative.
The services offered to visitors to Parliament do however operate relatively smoothly.
Mr Leinen doing the splits, however, is small beer compared to the athletic acrobatic skills that the future minister and leader of the external service will need to display.
Having said that, however, I believe that this is a crucial issue and I am therefore delighted that the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has taken this initiative.
In all events, however, under present circumstances and taking account of the correlations, we have a positive and compelling compromise, which is why I support a vote in favour of the Constitutional Treaty.
It should be pointed out, however, that the draft Constitutional Treaty has not yet been adopted, and what is more, that there are serious grounds for believing that it will be rejected by the citizens of the Member States.
To the other question, ‘do we need this organisation the way it is currently run?’, however, my response would be far more cautious.
If we are widely agreed that services linked to healthcare, education, and cultural and audiovisual sectors have exceptional status in the negotiations, we must not, however, forget the services that relate to basic needs such as water and energy, since we cannot call on developing countries to liberalise these services when this would lead to their being dismantled.
It is the only organisation I know that can enforce its decisions, arbitrate between countries, however mighty and powerful they may be in the international community.
That is why, in my view, however taxing and however vexing this round is, we certainly should not give up, and nor will we.
Another way of putting it, however, is that China is presenting a competitive challenge to us in Europe to which we need to adjust.
With the GATT and the WTO, decisions have, however, been taken since 1947 firstly to reduce the duties and then to abolish them.
The transition from free to fair trade now demands reform of economic policy as a whole, however, so that trade becomes a tool for human beings, and not the other way around.
There is a need, however, also to responsibly think up a strategy for the long-term.
In order to make this possible, however, two conditions are essential.
We must pay attention, however, to the textile industry, where I believe there is an issue emerging that is also political in nature.
We need, however, to look at the reality of these actions, when they are agreed, and consider the impact they will have.
Between these methods and the citizens, however, looms a wall of indifference, which is spectacularly demonstrated by the lowest ever turnout at the elections in 2004: only 45.7%.
We should, however, engage in a little introspection.
At the same time, however, I would like to ask specifically: ‘Who in Parliament is responsible for this question, and in what way?’
We question, however, why the European Parliament needs to call upon the Member States and the future Presidencies to act in a certain way on climate issues.
It is important, however, that the statements of principle and commitments to meet obligations of various kinds, which are often publicly repeated, are followed up by practical action.
Many of the wordings are extremely commendable. We object, however, to the EU’s efforts to play a foreign policy role by making declarations concerning humanitarian disasters in the world.
In order to honour the victims of the war, we have, however, chosen to vote in favour of the resolution as a whole.
This is something that must not, however, jeopardise basic social and environmental requirements.
We cannot, however, support paragraphs 16 and 17.
The European project that you are constructing for us is a monstrous one, so reminiscent is it of methods and procedures that have proved themselves in other totalitarian systems remembered with horror. Never forget, however, that resistance to oppression is an inalienable right of peoples who wish to remain free.
In many towns in Portugal, however, there is even a risk that there will not be enough water to supply the population.
For myself, I should like, however, also to talk about the human factor.
These representatives of the Finno-Ugric nations in Russia are, however, spread over many regions in a large country.
For this, however, more information will be needed and, consequently, information and analyses by Members of Parliament are welcome.
That does not mean, however, that our political judgment on the work of the Commission and its President has changed.
We do not, however, know the names of the participants.
What I cannot, however, accept as President of the Commission is this suspicion towards the institution I have the honour to lead, this sort of anathema some people pronounce on it. I just cannot accept that.
The reasons behind this motion of censure, however, had nothing to do with opposition to such policies.
All things considered, however, I would recommend this agreement to the House, since it represents real progress.
We can, however, congratulate ourselves on the result achieved.
Our partnership has not, however, been without its problems, and it is pleasing that, at the summit on 10 May, we succeeded in agreeing upon cooperation within the Four Common Spaces.
The problems in terms of cooperation are not, however, only due to Russia.
At the same time, however, there can be no one who is not concerned at the way in which the major energy companies operate in Russia.
Notwithstanding the many strategic reasons for this partnership, however, it must be based on respect for the European understanding of values.
This brings me on to my fourth point, however, which is that we must keep lines of dialogue with Russia open.
At the same time, however, President Putin’s policies present us with a problem.
At the same time, however, the kind of Russia with which we cooperate is equally important.
At the same time, however, no mention is made in this agreement of the Chechnya issue.
The peoples of Europe, however, differ in their conceptions of the possibilities and terms of forming relations with Russia, according to their historical experiences.
Russia, however, is fortunately now making some moves towards punishing those responsible for some of the atrocities.
On the other hand, however, it is a target for ruthless terrorist attacks, and a country that over the past 15 years has undergone impressive democratic transformation.
Even as we level criticism at the system put in place by President Putin, however, we must never forget that there is also another Russia.
There is, however, a lack of trust between the two sides which the enlargement of the European Union has exacerbated rather than reversed.
I would add that this is, however, on the understanding that the agency’s objectives are the protection and promotion of fundamental rights.
There are clearly many possibilities: the possibility of a formal codecision process, which would be restricted, however, as many of you already know from a legal analysis, to only certain fundamental rights, or else a different procedure.
What this House is debating, however, is yet another new agency which is to be given institutional form, and which has been clothed in fine rhetoric.
The latter must not be duplicated, however, and we must also avoid any increase in bureaucracy.
I would, however, like to emphasise the issue of cooperation between the institutions.
At the same time, however, the new Member States themselves are now starting to experience this problem.
I should like to point out, however, that we have been presented with this Directive before we have had a chance to assess properly how effective the Second Directive has been.
At least some progress has been made, however, in that it has now been made clear that lawyers do not have to disclose information to which they become privy during confidential legal consultations or legal representation.
I would like, however, to highlight certain aspects that give rise to further thought.
Let us emphasise, however, the extent to which most of them are lacking one important aspect: the financial resources needed to carry out their activities.
The Commission has put forward proposals in the 20072013 Financial Perspective for a new programme for employment and social policy under the name of PROGRESS, however, and this is where our views diverge.
At the same time, however, the equality of men and women is given pride of place as one of the EU’s values and objectives in Articles 1 to 3 of the Constitutional Treaty that is currently being put to popular vote.
It must not be assumed, however, that more money automatically means a better programme.
We must not repeat past mistakes, however, even if everything is now to be combined in a new document.
We came across a small problem, however, which relates to innovation.
Unfortunately, however, this is no longer the case.
Foodstuffs that have a high content of calories, fats, or sugar do not, however, become healthier solely because they contain added vitamins or other substances.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety has made many amendments to the Commission’s text, however, in particular by removing Article 4, which, in my opinion, is an extremely important article because it sets out the nutrient profiles.
These rules are, however, also reinforced where needed and adapted to the new rules we decided upon in the reform adopted back in 2003.
I can accept Amendment 2 and Amendment 7 with, however, some small drafting changes.
You will be aware, however, that they were adopted unanimously in the Committee on Agriculture.
If I may, however, I should like to make a number of general comments.
The committee, however, made the deadlines shorter again.
The standpoint of that assessment is, however, primarily or maybe even exclusively the impact for the UK markets, and we would like to see that broadened in the Commission’s assessment.
The guidelines themselves, however, are too general and take no account of the marked differences between Member States.
When it comes to communication services and computer and related services, however, productivity is higher in Europe.
At the same time, however, the Commission does not wish to draft a separate guideline on the prevention of workplace injuries, since this would go beyond the scope set out in the Council’s conclusions.
Although growth and employment are immediate priorities, however, greater competitiveness and faster growth are means to an end rather than goals in themselves.
Confidence, however, is not something that we can lay down in legislation.
We should now, however, concentrate more upon measures to promote growth.
It is, however, mistaken to keep the guidelines for sustainable development separate from them.
All too often, however, the guidelines appear to be empty words that are not followed by action.
What I am, however, saying is that this is not the most important problem, and I am saying that the most important problem right now is that there is insufficient growth in Europe’s internal economy or internal market.
At the same time as searching for ways in which we can draft effective strategic documents, however, our second goal is to shape a common European will, and indeed this is something that has frequently been mentioned in this Chamber.
Beyond the letter of the Agreement, however, our intention through this agreement is to maintain constant cooperation in Parliament’s legislative actions, which must take the form of a clear strategy and better results.
We must also, however, be conscious of which requirements placed on economic operators are fair, reasonable and effective and which are unworkable, ineffective or simply unreasonable.
It is, however, important to take account of proportionality in legislation and of the role and significance of the national parliaments.
The European Parliament has, however, contributed a number of positive amendments, which is why we have chosen to support the report as a whole.
The June List believes, however, that each Member State must decide for itself what type of tax system it wants or how it might become a ‘competitive’ country.
There are, however, serious grounds for doubting the objectivity of this channel’s reports on Islamic terrorism.
Recently, however, I am sad to say, we have once again witnessed disturbing events in Vojvodina.
Certainly the situation in the European Union today is a matter for the democratically elected governments; however, it is also a matter for the democratically elected institution , the European Parliament.
It now seems, however, that the British Government will deny the British people that opportunity.
A majority of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy supports the new ideas introduced by the European Commission to define the action priorities, particularly the description of projects of European interest located on high-priority routes and the appointment of a European coordinator, provided, however, that this is limited to complex projects that present particularly difficult implementation conditions and that it occurs in consultation with the Member States.
It does not, however, enable these projects to benefit from European subsidies under the budget for trans-European networks.
I would, however, like to draw your attention to a few aspects which might stand in the way of achieving the tasks advanced in the directive.
Naturally, the specific routes of pipelines result from particular agreements between the gas companies and the countries concerned; however, I would like to point out that the Northern Trans-European transit gas pipeline project partially disregards the interests and needs of all European Union states along the pipeline route that are concerned with the supply of gas.
The energy networks should not, however, be treated in the same way as trans-European transport networks.
We do, however, see a need to maintain some top-down measurements.
The fact is, however, that the position of the Member States in this respect varies considerably from one to another.
We do think, however, that these figures suggest that the Commission and the Council, too, really could be even more ambitious in this area.
In principle, however, we are against mandatory or binding targets.
I am very much afraid, however, that there are still many who are trying to hinder the work of this office.
There is no reason, however, why it should not evolve into a completely independent office.
It is an organisation that has been the subject, however, of ruthless campaigns of slander and destabilisation, through worrying indirect attacks, in which even certain elements of this House are not uninvolved.
In addition, this reference, which I consider to be unacceptable political meddling in a delicate ongoing investigation into suspected corruption, has been brought back to the attention of Parliament by means of an oral amendment, which would seek to ignore, however, two verdicts of the Court of First Instance and the Court of Justice in favour of OLAF, which are by far more authoritative.
As far as I know, however, it is being withdrawn from that programme.
We in this House thought we should make a number of constructive and useful amendments to this rather technical proposal in order to accommodate a number of justified concerns on the part of the current operators in the field, without, however, losing sight of the ultimate goal.
It must also be clear, however, that if the data is not merely to be consulted but is to be used commercially a fee must be payable; anything else would not be fair to the very people who will have to produce the data, in particular local and municipal authorities.
If the Member States decide differently about such payments, however, the subsidiarity principle makes that perfectly possible.
The Council’s short-sighted attitude is regrettable, however, because, on the one hand, it has confined itself to environmental applicationsand, on the other hand, it has made little use of the Commission’s coordination capacities.
In our legislative capacity, however, we must also consider the need to draw up fewer documents, of a more general nature.
Delaying the implementation of key provisions will, however, also delay the benefits that will result from their implementation, an option which is not favoured by the Commission.
They concern the extension of support for young farmers to subsidised loans, the requirement that forest management plans be a function of the size of the holding, the extension of support to minimum- sized enterprises for the processing and marketing of agricultural products (in the forestry sector, however, the support will remain limited to micro-enterprises), the inclusion of reparcelling among eligible support for infrastructures, focussing predominantly on operations aimed at improving competitiveness, support for the cooperation between actors in the food chain and for the transfer of knowledge.
At the same time, however, we all know that agriculture is not only significant in economic terms, but also in social, environmental and cultural terms.
Instead of receiving assistance, however, to date most of these farmers have been deprived of the opportunity to grow profitable crops, such as flax, hemp and tobacco, and recently even soft fruit.
In order to do so, however, these individuals must be provided with the appropriate conditions, or at least some form of assistance.
Let us, however, keep in mind that the criteria we use have to be objective to the WTO to be able to fit into the green box.
In the context of the reports on the table, and particularly the one for which I am responsible, the report on the retention of data, I should like to remind the House of what the European Court of Justice has said with regard to the war on terrorism, namely that governments must constantly consider whether all the resources they deploy and all the measures they enact, however legitimate they may be, are not actually endangering what they are intended to protect.
We would certainly insist, however, that measures involving significant curtailments of fundamental rights, which – as all law students learn in the first term at every European university – must always be properly justified, are based on a needs assessment which endorses the measures in question.
With the best will in the world, however, I have to say that the procedure leaves a great deal of scope for improvement.
In order to do so, however, we call for large-scale cooperation from the not-for-profit sector itself and from civil society, which is, like us, keen to root out all those who assist terrorist activity in any way.
It is the responsibility of the Member States, however, to adopt practical measures for effective preventative action and potential reactive action in the event of a terrorist attack.
Before I begin, however, let me thank the rapporteur and everyone else who was involved for their work.
Without this evidence, however, it is absolutely impossible to justify the profound effects of this type of data storage on people and businesses.
By the same token, however, it would be unacceptable for the fight against terrorism to favour new forms of discrimination.
There is another aspect, however, that confronts us with an entirely new situation.
It cannot be combated by military means, however, and I believe, therefore, that Europe must distance itself from that approach.
Today, however, I should like to re-emphasise that we must adopt the right measures.
Now we say that Gaddafi, who brought down a Pan American aeroplane and killed dozens of people, is our friend because he has changed policy; at the same time, however, we hound Castro, who has not brought down any aeroplanes.
They must, however, be combated with appropriate instruments and not at the cost of freedom.
If we wish to achieve results, however, the EU must do more than merely making constant and systematic improvements to the instruments it uses in the fight against terrorism.
We also need clarity, however, on understanding the threat we face and the best measures to deal with that threat.
The balance between freedoms and rights must, however, be maintained and our democratic European system improved.
That, however, is what is needed to safeguard other forms of European cooperation.
It is possible, however, and it is a threat that cannot just be brushed aside.
Whilst it is necessary, therefore, to understand the deep roots of terrorism, there must be no doubt, however, about the fact that terrorism can never be justified.
The present Rothe report, however, only partly satisfies this requirement.
We do not, however, believe that the EU should set detailed objectives in terms of energy savings or specify how these are to be achieved.
If the Commission were at least to take this resolution on board, however, that would be a positive step.
It remains somewhat questionable, however, whether the anti-terrorism strategy has been succeeding.
We wish to make it clear that we are, however, opposed to setting up a European register of convictions.
The need for, and reasonableness of, the draft framework decision has not, however, been sufficiently clarified by the four Member States.
The Presidency has, however, proposed a number of changes to the mechanisms for allocating cohesion policy funds.
In other areas, however, I must say that, compared with the Commission’s proposals, those put forward by the presidency are disappointing, and sometimes truly problematic.
Aside from the improvements that can be made, however, it is important to consider the tangible and symbolic value of Parliament’s approval of this text.
We do not believe that the Council’s latest proposal is, however, heading in the right direction.
I should also like to mention, however, with some degree of concern, that social dialogue and the free movement of workers, specifically EURES, are not mentioned in this report.
Speaking on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on this issue, however, and in light of Europe’s crucial role in questions of social justice and cohesion, I should like to express my concern at the way in which the Luxembourg Presidency has addressed questions relating to the statistical effect and should therefore like to …
If it emerged, however, that needs outweighed these resources, they would have to be topped up by the Member States.
I want to say, however, that Parliament has come up with a constructive and realistic proposal.
We must, however, respect above all the will of the citizens.
There are, however, neither rational reasons nor popular support for moving further political tasks from the Member States to Brussels.
The Soviet plans, however, were designed to build up the economy, whereas the European budgetary plans are balancing mechanisms in which flies’ eggs are weighed on spiders’ webs.
At the same time, however, we must face the facts, which are as follows.
Under no circumstances, however, should these restrictions make us blind to the unquestionable benefits that may be gained from measures funded from the common EU budget.
In consequence of a Council decision, funding is tied up until 2013 in the first pillar, where, however, resources are inadequate for funding Romania and Bulgaria.
It is, however, a vast improvement on the Luxembourg Presidency’s so-called compromise, which was doomed to failure.
Finding a decision concerning the Community funds that would be acceptable and apprehensible for all was a very complicated task; however, this successful decision proves that the enlarged European Union is viable and has a long-term vision of economic development.
In order for Europe to be useful, unified and competitive, however, and therefore perceived as necessary by the people, it must be able to develop its policies and be endowed with the resources to do so.
We cannot hide the fact, however, that from the way in which it is outlined in Mr Böge’s report, the European Parliament’s position differs significantly from the working document presented by the Luxembourg Presidency on 2 June.
It must be clear, however, that the Council will not be able to call on our sense of responsibility, in order to involve the European Parliament in an exercise that has the effect of killing off the integration process.
There are, however, one or two areas where I have difficulty with his conclusions.
It has problems, however, with the wording of these proposals.
To reach such an agreement, however, we must be prepared to make compromises and, on this subject, I would like to address the Presidency.
At this time, it is not, however, within our powers to do more than the Commission is endeavouring to do.
As indicated in the Commission communication of 2001 on State aid, however, the role of private operators must not be neglected, as they contribute to ensuring pluralism, to enriching the political and cultural debate and to broadening the choice of programmes.
With regard to public sector broadcasting, however, the exchange of information between the Member States and the Commission takes place without difficulty.
I really do not know, however, whether I should feel reassured or disturbed.
Both areas are extremely wide and probably required reports of their own, but we have tried to put these issues together in one report and I hope I have touched on the key issues, however difficult they have been.
Certain Member States have, however, failed to meet the deadlines set.
. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I congratulate the rapporteur on his enormous efforts in drafting the report, which I believe is still incomplete, however, and certainly not very effective.
It has, however, been observed that the Member States either do not implement binding decisions or they are late transposing them into their national legislation.
This, however, undermines efforts to achieve a single European policy.
I will not pretend, however, that the text voted for by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs does not bring up a considerable number of difficulties.
I should like, however, to emphasise that the present directive does a great deal to improve the current system.
Obviously, there is no simple answer; however, the experience of economic reforms implemented by us, the new members, is solid proof that the best results may be achieved when the problem is tackled in an integrated manner.
The Union is not only deepening, however, it is also expanding.
Provision is made for the creation of a database of medical information on patients; however, as provided for in Amendments 48, 49, 50, 67 and 68, certain protective measures must be taken to prevent abuse.
We are faced, however, with an urgent problem.
I wish, however, to emphasise that I too think that health care is a national matter.
We must, however, also have the courage to acknowledge that it is also a particular vision for Europe that has been rejected.
Many of the cogs in this mechanism have not worked, however, and many of the issues opened up by the Treaty of Maastricht are still on the agenda today.
To our astonishment, however, there are those who are attempting to resurrect this document.
It would be a grave mistake, however, if they were to form the basis for restrictive political decisions, and there are at least three reasons why this is the case.
Neither in France nor in the Netherlands, however, does this mean the end of the integration process, and I am convinced that this does not necessarily mean the end of the European Constitution.
That setback must inspire us, however, to determinedly address the unresolved difficulties, and then Europe will genuinely be able once again to harbour hopes of tackling afresh those fears, uncertainties and anxieties experienced by our citizens today.
Being clear, however, does not mean making gestures.
At the close of this debate, however, it is equally clear that there is no magic solution and that all of us recognise the very great complexity of the problem.
If one accepts that, if one accepts the idea of a refusal to paralyse Europe, if one accepts the idea of a genuine European debate, the idea of recognition of our shared responsibility with a view to a new consensus in Europe, one is entitled to expect the European Council to be able to find this new dynamic consensus, along with a strengthened resolve to advance our common cause. Independently, however, of the new vision for Europe that we need, we must also find specific answers for specific problems.
We cannot, however, give our support to the unduly high level of expenditure, especially as the way in which it would be distributed would not coincide with our priorities.
In the course of numerous debates, however, each Member of the European Parliament acknowledged that Natura 2000 was an integral part of European Union policy, that the first experiments in managing sites had produced very positive results and, better still, they had made it possible to lay the foundations for sustainable development in areas of important biological value.
Nor can I vote against the report, however, because what it proposes is more favourable than what the Presidency of the Council had proposed – according to what is in the public domain – and certainly more than what the six largest contributors to the Community budget are proposing, namely to reduce the Union Budget to 1% of Community GDP.
I do not agree, however, that the best course of action is to develop initiatives outside the Community framework, such as Schengen+ (between seven Member States), which undermine the development of mutual trust among the Member States.
The reality is, however, that nearly all anti-Semitic incidents can be traced back to Islamic immigrants.
In order to be effective, however, a reform has to be agreed upon by the largest number of countries possible, it has to enjoy a broad consensus, it has to reflect the growing importance of regionalism in international relations, and it cannot be rushed through.
In order for something like that to exist, however, a common European foreign policy is required, and I believe that we are still very far from reaching that objective.
If the matter were not referred to the International Criminal Court, however, that would create an unfortunate precedent which it would be difficult to overcome in the future.
Far be it from me to deny that we have a problem there, but constantly harping on about this issue does, however, reveal a certain level of hypocrisy on our part, certainly if we take the European shortcomings in fighting terrorism into consideration.
We may criticise Turkey and Russia, however, and perhaps even Bangladesh.
Words are not enough, however, and what is needed is joint action.
In the longer term, however, we cannot neglect the need to promote democracy, the rule of law and human rights in the region, as well as to push ahead with internal reforms in Uzbekistan.
At the same time, however, this does not mean business as usual.
The Community legislator and the budgetary authority can, however, decide to adopt a new programme or to widen the scope of an existing programme.
Halting and curbing traffic in smuggled goods was an important task for our country even before accession; since accession, however, we have become rather like a bastion defending Europe.
We are all aware, however, that we want to move towards a better coordinated policy, if not a common policy in this area, which is not yet in place.
Joking apart, however, the truth is that Europe’s economic situation is much better seen from outside.
Therefore, the proposals drawn up by the Commission are truly well-timed and necessary; however, as a representative of the Lithuanian state, which has always showed due diligence in implementing stringent fiscal policy and cost-saving measures at the expense of public services so as to execute all European Union requirements, I can only regret that we have learnt now that we possibly may not have had to implement those requirements.
Moreover, structural reforms are impossible to implement without additional expenditures; however, we should not forget that all this can only be achieved via the coordination of economic policy, which should be future-oriented and secure.
The package of Council directives will, however, remain an open document that will, for a long time to come, enable the national governments to use various means to escape this prudent budgetary and deficit framework, to employ more or less obvious forms of putting their countries into debt and to skilfully disguise the expenditure of one-off, unique resources, such as those from privatisation, for governments’ current economic management.
Let us, however, accept that what you have done, Commissioner, in agreement with the President of the Euro Group, is a step in the right direction.
Under no circumstances, however, is it a relaxing of anti-grass roots policy; it is another burden on grass-roots incomes for the benefit of big business.
It is not enough, however, to reassure people that the European Union is capable of adopting a strategy that will bring lasting revival to the economy.
European industrial policy must also, however, be aimed at all enterprises and become a full part of the Lisbon strategy.
An effective policy must also take account of the nature of enterprises, however, because only 1% of European enterprises are large groups, while there are millions of other small and medium-sized enterprises that make up Europe’s industrial fabric.
I cannot comment on what has been said in this Chamber today, however, as I feel obliged to comment on what is written in the report.
I should like to remind the Commissioner, however, that we must also consider the following aspects in order to meet these objectives.
The planned programmes, such as the Seventh Framework Programme, the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme and others, must, however, be much more accessible to small and medium-sized enterprises than has been the case to date.
Whenever we discuss outsourcing, however, we must remember that this term covers a variety of practices, including both outsourcing within the EU, which brings advantages in terms of positive synergy, and outsourcing outside the EU, which brings nothing but disadvantages.
Aside from that, however, a governance plan needs to be worked on, in order to enable all of the existing institutional levels to interact in cooperation with one another.
Unfortunately, however, we often applaud the notion of competitivity, while supporting initiatives which erode that very competitivity.
We know that the Council is considering creating a patent which must be translated into all the official languages of the European Union; however, this is as yet unfeasible because unanimity is required and the consent of all the Member States has not been forthcoming.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendments 1, 3, 4, 19, and 27 to 34.
The Commission is however open to regulating this type of fishing gear by differentiating between purse seine fisheries for small pelagic species, demersal species and tuna. Each category should follow different rules.
Whilst appreciating the fact that the regulation represents a step forward and useful mediation, however, we believe that, even now, it retains an approach that is still linked – albeit to a lesser degree - to a model of fishing suited to the northern seas.
There remain, however, a number of issues to resolve which have in fact been raised by the previous speakers.
Of all the living creatures populating this planet, there is, however, one that has not only duties but also rights. I am referring to human beings.
Important matters remain on the table, however, which, in our opinion, are at odds with the interests of fishing in the Mediterranean.
Fishing and aquaculture, however, represent one of the principal activities of the Union.
I am not, however, in a position to accept the remaining proposed amendments, with the exception of Amendment 4, which I can accept provided that the phrase ‘and its certification scheme’ is deleted.
For the entire certification process to have the highest possible credibility, however, there must be a public body in charge.
For this to work, however, financial resources need to be provided and this has unfortunately failed to happen in recent years.
Such opinions are no more than an illusion, however, at least in the meantime.
Just as in previous reports, however, the emphasis is placed on measures which, under the guise of working towards competitiveness, in reality act against the interests of micro-enterprises and SMEs and work in favour of the large corporations, the large economic and financial groups and the multinationals.
This review fell short of what was required, however, for a number of reasons, of which I shall highlight two.
That does not, however, prevent Mr Gaubert from calling, in paragraph 32, for mass regularisation operations in connection with immigrants.
There are, however, parts of the European Parliament’s resolution that give expression to certain supranational ambitions, unacceptable to ourselves, in the area of healthcare.
To reiterate a point made by Mr Cabrnoch and Mrs in ’t Veld, however, the report’s exclusive focus on the new Member States is a glaring error, since the problems it discusses affect the EU as a whole.
At the same time, however, we are all aware that substantial amounts of money will be needed to fund the majority of these measures.
I believe, however, that it is more appropriate to request an adjournment at voting time.
Even under those circumstances, however, in bilateral encounters with Algerian official counterparts or at EuroMed ministerial meetings, the Commission has always urged respect for fundamental values such as democracy, observance of human rights and the rule of law.
As long as it remains unresolved, no prospect of development can be hoped for in that region, which is, however, a natural bridge between the European Union and Asia.
Releasing them, however, does not solve the problem, in particular when the country in question is a member state of the Council of Europe.
At the same time, however, even tragedies of this kind and other forms of persecution, such as the arrest of 29 opposition activists in mid-May, do not alter the course of history and cannot reverse its tide.
It is a good idea, however, to revise the rules because the problems arising from the free migration of labour from the new EU countries have been dramatically exaggerated.
We often disagreed, either because your proposals were not sensible, or because the sensible proposals of the Presidency were not accepted by all Member States and therefore could not obtain your agreement, an agreement which, however, was spontaneously forthcoming whenever the Presidency referred its initiatives to you prior to submitting them to the other Member States.
It is worth remembering that, however important the interinstitutional debate is, the majority of Europeans, when they get together as a family, at school, at work or at leisure, do not discuss the possible configurations of the blocking minority in the system of qualified majority voting.
The triumphalism of the ‘no’ voters, however, will be short lived.
It is also true, however, that even your proposal included cutbacks to positive policies – to the development policy, to the rural development policy, and even to the sacred Lisbon policy – that are not acceptable for today’s Europe.
My group therefore believes that the failure to reach an unsatisfactory agreement on the financial perspectives is a positive result and considers it important that the Council has given itself time to reflect on the Constitution, without, however, putting an end to the ratification process for those who wish for it to continue.
Any community that does not have close links to employment, salaries and productivity becomes unfair, however, and, at the end of the day, becomes poorer.
Let us remember, however, that a defeat is only a defeat when we accept it, and we must not accept it.
Time for reflection, however, ladies and gentlemen, cannot, and must not, become a Mexican siesta.
No one should rejoice at this crisis, however, regardless of the reasons behind it.
I must say, however, that it is precisely the inability of the Council to deal with the current situation that demonstrates the necessity of the Constitutional Treaty.
We cannot, however, put the whole of the EU in the deep-freeze and wait for the distrust felt by many towards the EU suddenly to disappear.
I am concerned, however, about enlargement, which is passed over almost in silence in the conclusions from the Council meeting.
It is precisely because of cases such as this, and regardless of what is laid down in the draft Constitutional Treaty, that debates in the Council must be made transparent, however shameful they may be.
That sort of thing will not, however, do anything to help get Europe through the doubly grave crisis in which it finds itself.
Reform, however, is needed across a much wider field than simply the CAP.
I would, however, like to give certain speakers and perhaps the Members of the Commission or others a warning.
I believe that we must state very clearly that, if we believe that the European Constitution is good, it must not be renegotiated and that, however long it may take, the citizens must express their opinion on it, either directly or by means of their parliaments.
At the same time, however, it was unlucky to have next to it a cowardly and weak President of the European Commission with no political vision.
At the same time, however, I should like to emphasise most strongly that the new Member States must not suffer as a result.
Do not forget, however, that there is also solidarity with the countryside, which is also a component of European culture.
We however have to bear in mind three crucial points.
The European Parliament in June and December played its part by listening to the suggestions of the Council, which the Council, however, after we had adopted them, subsequently withdrew and has not since approved.
That, however, is a national matter; it is not a matter for European legislation.
That is one of the reasons why I will vote with conviction in favour of those ideas: the principle of non-discrimination cannot be sustained, however, even on the assessments of the comparison with members of national parliaments.
I will, however, conclude my speech by making just one point, Mr President – if you will allow me – in a second.
It is up to us to do something, however, as we too can bring about certain changes in this respect.
Let us not forget, however, that the Chinese train is crashing into Europe with astronomical speed.
It is therefore right to implement the necessary controls at border crossings in order to regulate the influx of those seeking visas and asylum, but we cannot, however, avoid adopting a global approach of solidarity and respect for human rights, particularly in humanitarian crisis situations, such as in the recent cases of the tsunami and of Darfur.
At the same time, however, security is also a basic requirement for prosperity and growth and, as such, indispensable for achieving the economic policy goals of the Lisbon Agenda.
Worrying signs are, however, emerging from the Council, which are at odds with this.
The Union’s legislation must, however, ensure that this is actually the case.
I stress, however, that these were only questions.
The old saying is also true in terms of the United Kingdom and the European Commission: the fact remains, however, that the business of insurance is a gamble that Lloyd’s has nearly always won and won for centuries.
In its position however, Council could not agree on taking on board any of the amendments proposed by the Parliament.
At the same time, however, a number of large Member States got into difficulty and resisted interference from the Commission and the sanctions of their fellow finance ministers.
Rapid and radical reform of rural spending cannot credibly be contemplated, however, without co-financing the CAP to redress French and British budget imbalances.
In that case, however, the problem is that Europe cannot operate on the model of the United Kingdom, Europe cannot operate on the model of France, Europe cannot operate on the model of Luxembourg or of the Netherlands.
You would have been more credible, however, if you had presented the same European vision to your electorate at the last parliamentary elections you held.
Last week's events, however, saw an unfortunate and heated debate on the financial situation of the European Union.
Today, however, it looks as if Europe has baulked at competition.
There is one point, however, upon which I cannot agree with you...
On the subject of Iraq, holding the Brussels Conference was important; however, the situation on the ground remains serious and out of control.
Both of you, however, and four other partners, make more of an effort, otherwise you will find that it is the ‘every man for himself’ attitude that will regain strength.
Mr President, Prime Minister, ladies and gentlemen, the French and the Dutch did not say ‘no’ to the Constitution, they did not give the thumbs down to the values of Europe, but they did, however, pass a negative judgment on today’s Europe, which is too far removed from the people and often a prisoner to a style of bureaucracy that is deaf to the voice of the citizens.
It is, however, necessary to get the political direction firm in order to get the Constitution supported in the way that it should be.
It is strange how things happen but just now everybody has mentioned China, India, etc. in their speeches. Now, however, people understand the seriousness of this situation.
Any such statute must, however, have at its heart modern, EU-wide rules on MEPs’ immunity from prosecution.
In order to ensure that the Statute arrived at by compromise with the Council goes through, we have, however, chosen to vote today against all the amendments tabled in plenary and have voted in favour of the committee’s report.
There are two aspects, however, on which I feel I should enlarge.
The Left Party is not, however, in favour of the proposed salary, the level of which is too high.
I will not, however, be participating in the vote, as I shall not be availing myself of the new arrangements.
It must not be forgotten, however, that special attention must be given to one-off humanitarian emergencies.
We do not, however, wish to help develop a common foreign and security policy for the EU.
The guidelines for growth and employment adopted during this Summit, however, run completely counter to this objective.
There is, however, something strange in all of this: how did the idea of holding two separate debates instead of one joint debate come about in our agenda?
The situation, which has taken on the proportions of a scourge, has preoccupied the Union and the institutions responsible without, however, achieving any substantial reduction in absolute numbers.
We do, however, urge the Bank to follow the US Federal Reserve’s example and publish something along the lines of its in future.
In the second half, however, economic growth was only modest, partly on account of rising oil prices.
We all know, however, that even within the scope of the current Treaties, the monetary authority is also responsible for fostering economic growth, for properly sustaining job creation and for boosting internal demand.
From that point of view, people are, however, today led to wonder about what economists call the balance of the policy mix.
Progress is necessary, however, in order to rediscover growth and employment.
You have nothing to fear from the representatives of this Parliament as they are zealous defenders of the solutions that you recommend and that have, however, with tragic consistency, failed to restore growth and confidence in Europe.
At the same time, however, I am very much opposed to the idea of an EU-backed pro-euro propaganda campaign.
What would change their minds, however, is a strong and stable European currency that needed no accolades.
I would say again, however, that personal contact takes place on a permanent basis.
We believe that our duty is to champion this college, which is the relevant body.Believe me, however, we are not in the least disturbed by the idea of consensus.
This compromise, which will serve as the basis for what will now be a permanent rule, takes the precautionary principle into account without, however, losing sight of the principle of proportionality.
I would, however, emphasise that this is a basic and significant example of legislation on which Parliament has stuck to its guns.
They are an inadequate safeguard, however, particularly since the liberal economy and the laws of competition mean that legislative provisions are sometimes nothing but wishful thinking.
Despite growth and fiercer competition, however, much ecoindustry potential remains unrealised.
This will require, however, unbiased investment in eco-technology research, product development and market access promotion.
The main priority, however, is that the European institutions must be seen to be capable of reforming the energy market from a European policy perspective, taking a global view of every aspect.
We will have to seize this opportunity, however, to ensure that this new legislation does not mean increased administration, more and more complicated licensing procedures, in short, a greater burden, but that it means genuine help for the sector and ultimately for consumers.
At the same time, however, I should like to alert the House to three aspects of this issue that have a direct bearing on what we mean by safeguarding security of supply.
Investment is needed to develop regional grids and small-scale power generation, however, and this includes investment in research.
Changing them in contradiction with the European Patent Convention would, however, simply cause confusion.
It is also important, however, to ensure that patents cannot be used to hinder the creation of compatible software.
Academic research, both here and around the world, has shown, however, that research and development input is not dependent on patents or geography.
The text that Parliament received two years ago, however, can be said to sneak this possibility in through the back door.
It must, however, also be taken into account that adopting the patenting directive can only spur on the process of technological innovation if two fundamental factors are resolved.
It will, however, damage the vital interests of many small and medium-sized enterprises that have been very successful over recent years.
On the other hand, however, once large companies gain a monopoly they have a tendency to fall victim to lethargy and stagnation.
The proportions are, however, quite different, for the overwhelming majority in this House endorses the objective of this legislation, embodied in the unambiguous principle that software alone is not capable of being patented.
What can be patented, however, are inventions created with the help of computers, and indeed this already happens.
It is very important, however, that the software patent directive should come into being in the form proposed by the Commission – or with a few amendments.
Investment in IT assets is usually small, however, if at all noticeable.
An essential prerequisite for such legislation, however, is that it is good, and good for everyone.
Is it really legitimate, however, to interpret the outcome of the referenda as disaffection with European unity?
That is why we now have to think about the Union’s policies for the future, without, however, abandoning the constitutional design outlined by the industrious Convention.
Europe, however, will only be able to influence international balances if it is united.
Precisely because it has become enlarged, however, it will require, more so than in the past, progressive measures indicating the path to follow in order to complete the union of Europe.
I hope, however, that you have detected in my words a calm faith in the future.
All other projects, however, such as the pipeline under the Baltic or the ‘Amber Pipeline’, must immediately be suspended, as they represent a direct threat to the newly revived Ukrainian democracy.
I wish to point out, however, that this does not mean that I give total, unreserved support for the ECB’s policies; for example, I feel that the ECB has reacted in timely fashion to the developing economic situation and has managed to adapt in areas such as interest rates.
I have, however, chosen to abstain from voting on this report.
It should also be borne in mind, however, that the euro is in fact a work in progress and as such is an easy target both for genuine popular disenchantment with the economic situation in Europe and for a certain amount of political manipulation.
What I do not, however, support is the Commission conducting an information campaign extolling the virtues of the euro.
We Moderates believe, however, that this would lead to significant legal uncertainty.
It is, however, important to remember that general bans are not a realistic alternative so long as widespread poverty exists and there are limited opportunities for education.
Passing legislation and making it possible to take proceedings at EU level would, however, be very major steps that might, rather, be in danger of defeating the objects, namely those of improving the position of children and combating poverty.
We must also remember, however, that regional imbalances are becoming worse.
I will conclude by pointing out, like Mr Hatzidakis, that the quality of our spending is, however, dependent on the existence of sufficient resources.
We did not, however, conclude the discussions in the Council on 21 June.
It is quite incomprehensible, however, that certain principles that have proved their worth and functioned properly to date have been abandoned.
Since I come from a new Member State, Poland, however, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that social housing in the countries of the former Communist bloc mainly consists of prefabricated blocks of flats, which are no longer environmentally friendly, and which in many instances are extremely unsafe.
The recent European Council’s failure to reach agreement on the Financial Perspective 2007-2013 is, however one looks at it, a victory for the ‘Letter of the Six’ signatory countries.
Despite this heated atmosphere, however, we regret to say that the Hatzidakis report divides the EU once again into two blocs, namely the old Member States and the new Member States.
On the other hand, however, we impose a senseless obligation on entrepreneurs to remain in regions of the EU where the workforce is excessively expensive, and often accustomed to working a 35-hour week for full wages.
The Hatzidakis report does however highlight another of the EU’s problems, albeit unintentionally.
There are good grounds, however, for many small and medium-sized cities to receive regional aid, especially if it is a component of broader-scope regional development programmes.
I do not approve, however, of certain mandatory elements in the Commission’s proposal, notably the requirement that socio-economic measures must be included in national plans.
I speak specifically, however, of the Casa report; here we wish to introduce references to an ecosystem-based approach to management, to Regional Advisory Councils and to improved disclosure on financial control structures.
In order to be able to plan the future, however, an assessment also needs to be carried out of the impact that the Structural Funds have had on businesses and the economy in the weak areas of Europe.
If such development is to become reality, however, appropriate decisions must be taken regarding the Cohesion Fund, the Structural Funds, the Social Fund and cross-border cooperation.
I unequivocally support improvement of the financial management of the European Union funds, as well as stronger discipline in project preparation and implementation; however, the application of the n+2 principle to the Cohesion Fund can lead to the directly opposite – hurried project preparation and implementation and an ineffective and wasteful use of European Union taxpayers’ money.
I believe in the common sense of the majority, however, and I therefore hope that the amendments we have tabled will be adopted tomorrow.
The same demands were flatly refused in the case of the proposal on the European Regional Development Fund, however, to which we are entitled to make changes.
We cannot, however, rely on the internal economic market alone being able to bridge the gulfs, and that is why we need the Structural Funds.
At the same time, the EU countries must also, however, emphasise that growth and research provide scope for regional development.
The rebuilding had to be paid for, however, so instead of gradual investment in infrastructure and the development of our road, rail and other connections to the rest of the United Kingdom and Europe, instead of upgrading our infrastructure, all the finance went into rebuilding the bombed-out areas.
It is, however, helpful that the rapporteur, a few months before the official start of the accession negotiations, makes us revisit some of the facts.
Practice, however, shows that application of the law in implementing these rights is slow and inconsistent.
The proposal does more than merely consolidate existing legislation, however; it also simplifies it and takes cautious steps to modernise it.
The point is reinforced, however, in that the two sides of industry are called upon to take both the initiative and the responsibility in connection with the principle of equal pay.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendments 3, 12, 13, 29, 30, 36, 44, 46, 53, 63, 67, 81, 86, 94, 95, 97, 99 or 100.
What I can say, however, is that these are issues that we will debate in the very near future, and indeed I am quite sure that an opportunity to do so will present itself during next week’s debate on the Green Paper on demographic change.
How we reach our conclusion is still an open question, however, and it would be inappropriate to go into any more detail on the matter.
Such flexibility, however, has to be limited, in order to avoid compromising the general objective, or rather legal certainty.
We are, however, very perplexed by one of the points in the text, about which we hope to succeed in persuading Mrs Wallis to change her mind.
We hope, however, to succeed in persuading Mrs Wallis to abandon this amendment before tomorrow.
To conclude, in confirming my appreciation of the first compromise reached and voted on by the Committee on Legal Affairs, I must, however, admit to having some doubts about the second proposed change, that is, Amendments 56 and 57.
A video conference was, however, held a few weeks ago, and the dialogue will continue during the September meeting that I announced previously.
Recent developments in Belarus, however, have moved the country’s political system further away from a European democratic system and norms and values, preventing the country from taking its rightful place in the family of European nations.
It is, however, the first to result from a deep sense of disillusionment with the Commission’s attitude.
At the same time, however, the Commission has fallen into a peculiar kind of vicious circle.
The national governments have already lent their backing to these projects. They should also have the backing of the European Union, however, and current attitudes must change.
I believe, however, that Mr Klich was quite correct in saying that many of the EU programmes are intended for neighbouring countries with some form of democratic structure.
How do we know, however, whether President Lukashenko’s management of these resources is in the EU’s interests?
The reality, however, is that Russia has not changed anything up to the present time and it seems to be difficult for it to do so.
Do not ask me, however, to say that all those Iraqis who are resisting have become terrorists.
Mr Dimitrakopoulos does, however, address another, second, obstacle to Iraq’s reconstruction in the shape of the widespread evil of corruption within that country’s administrative apparatus.
On the basis of what we have learned from other conflicts in our own neighbourhood, for example the wars in the Balkans that I myself experienced, we cannot however expect any quick results.
We need time and patience, however, for, if we were not to show sufficient support for Iraq’s efforts at political democratisation or too quickly to withdraw the international forces from Iraq, we should be jeopardising the peace not only in Iraq itself but also in the surrounding region, and that is something we cannot afford to do.
What I would say, however, is this: we can argue – and we will argue for a long time – about the legitimacy of the military action, but please do not now argue about the legitimacy of what is a democratically elected Iraqi Government.
If decisive steps are not taken in 2005, the poor countries, however well governed they are, will not manage to implement a strategy aimed at achieving the Millennium Goals and faith in the promises of the international community with regard to the fight against poverty – already weak – will vanish forever.
I wanted, however, to draw your attention to the considerable amount of money that this represents: EUR 20 billion a year.
It seems to me, however, that there is still confusion regarding which policy to adopt, and the prescriptions put forward vary considerably and include some bargain basement solutions.
The issues of democracy and the rule of law, however, are simply being added to the list of the many things to be done.
I would invite you, however, ladies and gentlemen, when such cases arise, to advise the services of the sitting earlier, so that our voting lists can be drawn up accordingly.
The EPO is not, however, subject to the EU, but is governed by a substantial special convention.
In spite of this, however, many speakers in this debate have held up the country as a bad example and a warning.
This concentration of regional policy on the countries of Eastern Europe will, however, have two unfortunate consequences for France:
We regret however the rejection of four proposals that we tabled, which were intended:
We do not, however, believe that fisheries policy requires increased appropriations.
We think it important, however, to guarantee that the regulation does not come into conflict with freedom of the press and freedom of expression.
We believe, however, that the structure of the EU budget must become more modern.
We believe, however, that the EU budget should be reformed and modernised in the future.
One thing is certain, however, namely that the EU still holds an attraction for these countries, despite the crisis in which it finds itself.
That boy, however, called for his mum, as children do when they have had a horrible dream.’
At the same time, however, they have also brought to light differences at political level which slowly but surely are leading both sides to an unavoidable and harmonious symbiosis, because the People's Republic of China needs the European Union and the European Union needs China.
Until the People’s Republic of China improves its human rights record, however, any pressure brought to bear by it on Taiwan will be unacceptable.
That does not, however, diminish the points that I made.
I would say, however, on the general question of why the European Union has not made further progress on counter-terrorism legislation, that substantial preparatory work on counter-terrorism legislation has been carried out under previous presidencies.
The underlying problem of this issue, however, is that of the relationship between the European institutions and those in third countries who actively promote terrorism.
This work, however, has not pre-empted the ratification process: it has consisted of discussion and exchange of ideas in Brussels.
Without prejudice to the outcome of the Posada case, it should be noted, however, that the European Union condemns all acts of terrorism regardless of their target or motivation.
I would say, however, that the conclusion of this discussion will not be at the conclusion of the G8 Summit this week.
I note, however, that requests to extend the scope of EU-NATO dialogue beyond military cooperation in crisis management have come mainly from NATO.
Enlargement must not, however, be taken too fast.
With regard to the admission of observers to Parliament, however, I would echo precisely what Mr Nassauer said.
Mrs Isler Béguin is, however, right to say that the core issue of our debate is Natura 2000.
The reality is, however, that a whole series of expenditure, which is vital for managing the geographical area targeted and for implementing the directive, cannot be included here.
Environmental policy, however, amounts to more than just Natura 2000.
The key problem we face with regard to the LIFE + programme, however, is fulfilling the tasks of co-financing, creating and implementing the Natura 2000 network.
At the same time, however, it is emphasised that co-financing for the Natura 2000 network is only to be provided on a complementary basis, which means that support is to be provided under the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund.
The document has one flaw, however, which is that it only provides an indicative list of priorities, and leaves us in the dark as to how much funding these priorities will receive, if any.
This LIFE instrument, which first saw the light of day in 1992, is, however, something on which I very much want to congratulate the Commission, for in creating it, it fashioned a trailblazing programme for European environmental policy.
You say, however, that nothing has been agreed in the financial perspectives, while Mr Böge stated that Natura 2000 cost EUR 21 billion.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I should, however, like to say that if Peter Mandelson is not here, it is precisely for very good reasons that are, I might add, related to the matter in hand.
Everything, however, now rests on the policy and on Europe’s ability to make itself heard and respected.
Total liberalisation, however, will only come about in 2008.
I am, however, opposed to the institutions giving support to environmental associations or non-governmental organisations, and against the European Union taking upon itself any more functions.
This overwhelming rejection is, however, the people’s punishment for your policy, including that relating to the textile industry.
Despite this criticism, however, we welcome the action taken by Commissioner Mandelson, whom we invite to oversee not only the agreement reached and its implementation, but also what is happening with regard to other categories of products.
Mrs Saïfi’s responses, designed to combat these scourges, are insufficient, however. One has to be able to hit where it hurts.
The current scene and the way it is likely to develop, however, dictate a more prudent approach, aimed at protecting European industry in the face of unbalanced and destructive competition.
It would, however, be a mistake for our national industries not to react, faced with China.
Regarding Mr Tajani’s speech, in which he talked of marks of origin, the Commission is preparing a draft regulation to make such marks compulsory upon import. You must know, however, that the Member States are divided on this issue, a factor that is obviously slowing down progress on the matter.
Managing them has, however, posed a number of problems.
As has also been mentioned, however, experience over the years has shown that greater flexibility is needed in the management of these two schemes.
There are some issues, however, that should be improved upon, and to this end some amendments have been adopted that form part of my report.
Although the proposal for a regulation before us does not provide for changing the sources of funding or the pace of support, it will, however, introduce greater flexibility in implementing different measures and better adaptation to the specific features of each outermost region.
The Commission’s proposal suffers, however, from shortcomings and gaps on a number of aspects.
The European Commission has, however, committed itself to ensuring that the proposed reform will not bring into question either the timeliness of the measures or the way in which they operate and will not affect either the sources of financing or the level of Community support.
At the same time, however, the 3.6 million farmers living in the new Member States face even greater problems.
The worst thing, however, is that the SADC countries, and South Africa in particular, are still protecting Mugabe and accepting the huge sufferings he is inflicting upon his people.
It would not, however, be right for me not to let you know my feelings regarding this debate.
You should be aware, however, that, every time Mugabe is attacked, his symbolic importance as a black hero in relation to the evil white colonisers is reinforced.
I am not indifferent to such a debate. I suspect, however, that, on the day that the demand is made in this House for troops to be sent to Zimbabwe to bring about order there – in which case, the agreement of the African Union will still be required – great harm will be caused to Africa and to its regional institutions.
I have just heard the news that the main opposition announced this morning that it is pulling out of the complaint investigation process due to its representatives allegedly being obstructed. Accordingly, any demonstrations of interest in the Ethiopian process, however constructive or well-intentioned they may be, and this is clearly the case of this Parliament initiative, could be taken the wrong way, or could be used for nefarious purposes by those who have a vested interest in breaking up the democratisation process in Ethiopia.
We had supported the same request from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, who decided, however, to change their minds, in our view for reasons linked not to Europe but to another very important event in a Member State.
With regard to Belarus, however, a number of MEPs were prevented from entering the country in August, this at a time when attacks on the independent media, journalists, members of the opposition and NGOs have been increasing at an alarming rate.
I would recall, however, that on 5 July this Parliament debated the Commission’s statement and on 10 July we adopted a resolution on more or less the same topics.
Let us begin, however, by asking ourselves why such events happen.
A response a year from now, however technically good, technically perfect even, is worse than an immediate response that has political meaning.
We must, however, use these for prevention purposes.
It is also necessary, however, to look into the European-level implications of the issue and the reasons why Europe must step up its involvement in these activities.
Priority must, however, be given to thorough analysis.
I believe that we must go further, however, by calling for a genuine principle of authorisation enabling the European Union, with the European Aviation Safety Agency in particular, to establish whether or not the carrier and the aircraft used comply with our safety rules.
On the other hand, however, I entirely understand the concerns that have been voiced over the enormous financial costs of the Galileo Programme, and the risk that this money could be wasted.
The employer, however, must be attentive to all risks, regardless of this.
The Commission cannot, however, accept, as they stand, Amendments 5, 7 and 37 which propose giving each Member State the competence to legislate on the appropriateness, or otherwise, of employers assessing the risks in the case of exposure to natural sources of radiation.
In the course of the debate, however, some technical reservations have been voiced.
At the same time, however, we must not hinder the development of a sector in the throes of a continuous technical revolution, which is very important for our industries and for our jobs.
I would like to stress, however, that the issues of information and communication are far more extensive than merely a debate on competition and pluralism.
I would, however, take some issue with paragraph 21 of the motion for a resolution.
We have not exhausted here, however, the debate over this outright cultural ‘mongrelisation’, being imposed through the globalisation of audiovisual messages.
This is, however, the central point: European identity is being threatened by the very broadcasting of such messages.
What is most important, however, is that resources should be combined.
A commitment for a year, however, still cannot be made at this stage of reflection and debate.
We believe, however, that the costs incurred in putting vessels onto a computer system should not be borne by the EU.
The fact remains, however, that a proposal does not just have to be useful; it must also be reasonable and viable.
It does not follow, however, that a successful economic and social system is capable of handling all migratory pressures.
Balance is required however when voting on a certain number of amendments which would impose a large and disproportionate number of unwarranted burdens on aggregate industry benefiting the environment or society.
I do, however, think it important that what we have been demanding to date should again be set down in a report such as this one.
Given the incompetent way in which textile quotas have been dealt with so far, there may however be good reason for drawing up a clear plan for the transition to free trade in textile and clothing products, so easing the strain on those employed in southern Europe’s textile and clothing industry.
The Americans, however, have just shown us that, without borders, there can be no protection.
It is on principle, however, that we are opposed to rules determining how large a portion of broadcasting time should be given over to European productions.
At the same time, however, there is no getting away from the fact that we also committed ourselves to strict budgetary discipline one year ago.
At the same time, however, we expect the Commission to put forward proposals regarding agricultural spending in the long term, as a basis for further discussion.
As far as Heading IV is concerned, however, it is not so much Parliament’s priorities that are in conflict, but the British Presidency’s own statements.
It must be said, however, that in many cases this reduction has been implemented in an ill-considered manner, without thorough examination of the specific nature and problems of the institutions’ work.
I am not, however, prepared to return these surpluses to the Member States.
The finance ministers have, however, almost ritually sat down together and slashed away at every possible area.
Mr Böge’s report serves to show Parliament the way to go about this, with investment in education, research and youth, and consistent application of gender budgeting – from which, however, we are light-years away!
The Council, however, would not hear of this mobilisation.
The local population, however, despite suffering from the loss of material goods and of loved ones, is rolling up its sleeves and rebuilding its future.
In addition to the local view, which I believe is very important, I wish, however, to address an aspect I have not heard touched upon in this Chamber today, namely the fact that politics at EU level needs to be integrated not only into national politics but also into local and regional politics.
On 27 January, however, the Council adopted, instead of this proposal for a directive, a framework decision based on Title VI of the Treaty on European Union.
The inclusion of persons in a no-fly list, however, does not mean that they are guilty of, or suspected of, involvement in criminal activity or other wrongdoing.
With regard to the European Agency for External Borders, however, the actions have obviously not yet been defined in the sense that you wish.
Before I discuss the details, however, I should like to hear Members' views on this report.
It is the legislature’s duty, however, to prevent this powerful communication tool from becoming a harmful, or even dangerous, tool, particularly for minors, who are using it more and more frequently.
It is also essential, however, that technology develops and improves so that the measures included in the recommendation can be made genuinely effective: from signalling systems to filtering, from classification to clear guidance on whether a particular practice is legal or otherwise.
We must not, however, go too far in doing this.
It should not go unmentioned, however, that the frequent references to the dead and buried draft Constitutional Treaty detract significantly from the report.
We should guard against complacency, however, and always aim high, so I would venture to point out three issues in relation to which I believe we could have gone a little further.
Another case I would also include here, however, is the possibility it creates to enable easier inspection of an enterprise’s turnover in the case of distance selling, in other words simplifying distance selling arrangements up to a reasonable threshold set for the whole of the European Union rather than for each Member State.
Proportionality, however, balances the ‘lives saved’ column against the ‘sales volume’ column.
We need, however, to make the conditions even clearer.
We should not, however, allow this to give rise to an industry wish list; the focus must be on the interests of the children.
At the same time, however, the various administrative deadlines and timetables needed to be reduced and clarified.
With a patent extension as long as six months, we are, however, paying an unnecessarily high price for having the pharmaceutical companies fulfil obvious requirements.
As Mrs Roth-Behrendt concluded, however, the quality of children’s health care is more important than the amount of money saved.
In many cases, however, this is data that has already been collected by the companies for their own purposes.
We are concerned, however, that these policies should be measured, proportionate and value-driven.
You will therefore not be surprised, however willing you are to do everything necessary to progress, to see Parliament insisting so forcefully that its deliberations must be taken seriously and its prerogatives respected, particularly when the Treaty itself recognises the need for codecision.
At the same time, however, our sympathy should be with the thousands of Israelis who have lost their homes in the Gaza Strip, where they had lived for decades.
It is the duty of the European Union, however, to protect the fundamental rights of its citizens.
This balance, however, should never be beyond reproach or discussion.
Our question, however, is whether there is a limit to the use of forms of summary justice, as Mr Watson mentioned.
In order to be effective, however, we need so much more than a strong police force.
The second point, however, is that for me this debate has illustrated the dangers and the desire of some political forces to spread poison, malice and disinformation about these difficult and problematic matters.
You are right, Mr Schulz: we did indeed include measures in the Constitutional Treaty that would have enabled us to make progress; for the time being, however, such progress will not be possible.
The goodwill generated by this however, could be lost if projects on the ground are not sustained.
This must not be done, however, at the expense of the market pillar of the CAP, or as part of a philosophy of replacing this pillar with rural development, as put forward by the British Presidency.
We support, however, the amendments involving reduced bureaucracy for companies.
A balance must be struck, however, so as to avoid making unreasonable demands by over-legislating.
There are, however, no good reasons for centralising this activity in a new EU authority.
We did not, however, support the option of a fixed four- or five- month SPC extension, because this risks being unfair to smaller companies.
There is another rule, however, which is that the payment of taxes should be as simple as possible, so that the cost of the tax is not pushed up by a ‘bureaucratic tax’, which is both short-sighted and, more to the point, inefficient.
On Iran, however, we are deeply concerned by that country’s unilateral resumption of activity at the uranium conversion facility in Esfahan on 8 August.
We should have preferred it, however, if it had happened within the framework set out in the roadmap and with the Quartet playing a different role.
There are, however, an incredibly large number of problems remaining in the Middle East.
Whatever may be our opinion on this withdrawal, however we may be divided and there is division on this issue we cannot but congratulate the Israeli authorities on the way in which they have carried out this operation; this is a human tragedy for the families concerned, a heartbreaking experience for the soldiers and a crucial test for Israeli society as a whole, which some people are underestimating in a slightly underhand manner.
The bottom line, however, is that this is an activity that needs to ensure its sustainability in such a way that it does not destroy, among other things, its environmental resources, its landscape resources and its regional planning.
At the same time, however, the motion for a resolution either makes no reference or fails to give due weight to issues such as special-interest tourism, the protection of historic towns and architectural sites and buildings and the International Cultural Tourism Charter.
Questions need to be answered, however, about implementation methods, the legislation to be used, funding, and the commitment of all the European institutions.
This is just one example, however, it is ironic that there is actually an incentive to avoid these problems.
I have no doubt that this is not the policy of the European Union and this was not the intention of the legislator, however we must admit that these anomalies exist and we must remove them.
Although tourism remains under the competence of the Member States and their regional and local authorities, it should, however, be subject to EU guidelines, policies and measures.
Where safety is concerned, however, it is a different matter; the appropriate arrangements are in place for this, but arranging and imposing quality standards in certain economic sectors is a matter for the sector itself rather than for the public legislator.
I have to say, however, that I have listened very carefully to the point that the questioner made.
The Council will, however, then discuss the matter further in light of the task force's conclusions.
You will receive a more official response; however, I believe that the spirit of Question Time is extremely clear.
We must, however, have clear areas of focus.
I do hope, however, that the Commission will not merely pay lip service to this, but that this initiative will, in future, lead to more action to rectify this situation.
At the same time, however, we must ask ourselves to what extent many of the problems facing women today stem from undesirable changes in civilisation, a flawed family model and negative ideologies that spread in the wake of modern ideas about good and evil and morality and immorality.
It is an unfortunate fact, however, that this gap in life expectancy is narrowing, and this is quite obviously a result of the many problems to which Mrs Svensson refers in her report.
It is a challenge, admittedly; however, we must have the ambition to accept it.
Paragraph 21, however, is in sharp contrast with all the positive sections of this report.
In Europe, however, women continue to be abused, mutilated, trafficked and prostituted, without the authorities in the Member States fulfilling their responsibilities.
From reports by human rights NGOs and anthropological descriptions, however, the clear picture that emerges is that Roma women living within the European Union get poorer-quality health care, as they are affected by a number of unfavourable factors and are subject to discrimination.
We do, however, have certain common values in Europe, such as fairness, universality and solidarity.
What I can say, however, is that our new programme makes special provision and gives us the facility to turn our attention to specific illnesses.
When designing the appropriate processes, however, we must be careful to ensure that the same quality standards are met.
I do, however, differ from her on one or two points.
When you look at the list of speakers, however, you notice one substantial problem associated with this concept: up till now the Northern Dimension has been the concern of far too few people.
As has been said here, however, commitment to this policy on the part of the Commission and the Member States has been very unsatisfactory, and it was very interesting and satisfying to hear the Commissioner’s assurance that there is to be a change with regard to this issue.
Most important of all, however, is the Commission’s own commitment and that of the Member States.
The pollution load reaching the Baltic, however, is high.
In the Baltic Sea, however, the consequences would be vastly more disastrous and longer-term than in the Atlantic.
The Northern Dimension must not, however, be merely a matter of helping Russia: it needs to be a means of cooperation.
My main message, however, is connected with what is missing from the Commission’s report entirely: cooperation in the Baltic Sea region.
Tourism also makes for land conservation and better protection of the environment, the fact of the matter being that, with the creation of world heritage sites, we now give serious thought to areas that are to be protected, without however being set piously apart, so enabling them to be exploited ‘intelligently’ for tourist purposes.
Remember the problem of Ebola virus in Congo and elsewhere. The same applies, however, to malaria and makes states much more sensitive to the need to eradicate these diseases.
Through the aid it supplies through ourselves and through the impetus it provides, in particular for the creation of major infrastructure, the public sector can, however, help tourism develop further.
The EU should not, however, conduct a common policy on tourism, as proposed in the report.
At the same time, however, we need to be aware of certain threats to which tourists are exposed and of threats related to the flow of tourists affecting the 25 Member States of the Union.
In developing this issue, however, the Commission should bear in mind the principles of yesterday's sustainable tourism debate.
They must, however, make use of this resource with respect for the local peoples’ cultures, individualities, socioeconomic situations and traditions.
At the same time, however, it is quite clear that tourism also poses certain risks.
I have some doubts, however, about the Cornillet report, in which a number of redundant and naïve statements stand out.
Having said that, however, we must also consider the social effects, the environmental effects and, I would even say, the effects on cultural heritage.
I hope, however, that it will be followed up.
We think, however, that some of the proposals in the resolution are too detailed and far-reaching.
We do not, however, believe that the EU should use events of this kind to strengthen its influence over different policy areas.
Human neglect, however, is a further factor that should not be discounted.
Like any institution, however, it is necessary from time to time to assess the quality and effectiveness of its operations and, reasonably and judiciously, to propose useful and effective reforms that will make a difference.
There is one aspect raised in the report, however, which I wish to make a point of emphasising, namely the issue of not communitarising the Member States’ functions and responsibilities.
The international community will, however, need to supplement the public and private investments at national level with long-term financial support.
These diseases mainly affect adults, however, and we do not have treatments suited to children.
The fundamental error, however, is the lack of support for modern agriculture, based on the construction of irrigation systems and water resources for the development of crop production.
The crisis that we are currently facing is, however, more severe than in previous years.
But for a handful of European countries, the Commission is, however, practically alone in helping this country.
I note, however, that, once the media machine snowballed, there was no longer any difficulty in finding partners prepared to come to Niger.
It should be borne in mind, however, that a genuine partnership must be built on the foundation of shared values.
At the same time, however, others who could have a significant influence on what might take place in China are presenting the case for a relaxation of the embargo.
We should also remember, however, that there were and still are political systems that only recognise religious leaders of different persuasions if they support the theory that all authority is God-given, even the cruellest.
It is worth remembering, however, that such repression proved ineffective, even under the cruellest of regimes.
Unfortunately, however, these improvements do not go far enough.
It is, however, difficult for me to support the proposal in the draft calling on Syria to guarantee that those arrested will be well treated.
The law, however, requires the two political prisoners to sign a declaration announcing that they will cease all future political activities detrimental to the Syrian State.
This is because, however global it may be, the market does not favour more worthwhile objectives.
I believe, however, that the problem is more profound.
I believe we can say today, however, that the European Parliament has gained in maturity, legitimacy, credibility and public visibility, and also that our cooperation with the Commission rests upon solid foundations.
A year on, however, and the barbarism of the terrorists is continuing.
It is clear, however, that, while we reflect, for some time we are going to carry on working with what we have: the Treaty of Nice.
Without a Constitutional Treaty, however, it is a positive sign that at the last informal Council of Home Affairs Ministers, the Council and the Commission agreed that Parliament should participate fully in the definition of this balance.
As well as trying not to legislate in excessive detail, however, it would also be good to consider the question of whether the European building is not lacking certain main beams that are needed to ensure the solidity of the whole structure.
If we do not want our words of welcome to be mere lip service, however, we must have the courage to accept all the implications of our choices.
We in this House should, however, also realise that compliance with internal rules in the area of language diversity is an expression of respect for each human being and contributes to our institution’s democratic functioning.
Despite the Union's agreed rules and conventions, however, we still do not have a draft budget.
Europe’s leaders can, however, behave selfishly at times, as was the case when Mr Chirac, Mr Schröder and Mr Putin met in Kaliningrad, a curious part of Russian territory.
The same is not happening, however, with those detained in Moroccan jails: the physical condition of the tens of Sahrawi detainees on hunger strike is now critical, according to Amnesty International reports.
The origins of these events can, however, be traced back to 1980 and to Gdansk, in Poland.
It should be remembered, however, that Stalin was not the only guilty party.
We often forget, however, that the strike and the solidarity in Gdansk were preceded by years of Polish revolt against Communism.
It was impossible to stifle or break our spirit, however, and we continued to live as free people.
But this is how Parliament works, with all of us Members, however experienced or inexperienced in the arcane arts of banking regulation, expected to make hundreds of reasoned judgments on questions, many of which cannot be answered in any objective way.
At the same time, however, it would be unwise to underestimate the importance of risk management in the traditional areas of credit and market risks.
Where Basel II is concerned, we are, however, talking about an extremely global market involving an extremely well-informed group of actors who can take action at a moment’s notice.
It is also important, however, that it means identical ground rules in another sense, whereby we shall see new, developing financial institutions in the dynamic financial markets.
I take on board, however, what Mr Purvis and Mrs Berès said, not only in this particular regard, but also in other areas relating to the United States.
This would not, however, apply to Article 26, on international auditing standards.
If, however, the TV pictures from Comoros were to reach our living rooms, Parliament would never approve this agreement.
There is, however, limited will seriously to reform the EU’s counterproductive agricultural, trade and fisheries policy.
Some major unresolved issues still remain, however, which we cannot sidestep.
Ladies and gentlemen, while I agree with the rapporteur in calling for greater cooperation among the institutions and in considering that Parliament should always be consulted before the Council comes to any kind of agreement, I should, however, like to express my disappointment at the contents of the report.
In that case, however, the Left should not go on about a united Europe: they are the only ones being hypocritical; we on the right are certainly not!
This can, however, only be a first step.
It should also be borne in mind, however, that there are few genuine asylum seekers.
There is no doubt that those are the aims to be achieved; doubt remains, however, as to whether the agreement is the right basis on which to achieve such aims.
You may, however, nod energetically, provided this is not audible.
European producers, however, consider these control standards to be insufficient.
In this age of globalisation, however, I would like to focus my remarks on issues related to quality.
That does not, however, require harmonisation involving uniform rules governing the way in which this huge quantity of data is collected.
In spite of its criticism, the report states, however, that harmonisation in this area is necessary but that legislation must take place not, as is currently the case, on the basis of intergovernmental cooperation but on the initiative of the Commission and through codecision on the part of Parliament.
The amendments tabled by our Group and our vote in plenary, however, are further attempts to remove other negative aspects, including:
The Commission’s proposal is, however, a major step in the right direction, because it is timely, because it correctly establishes its strategy and its priorities and because it proposes innovative policies.
As such diversity does, however, constitute one of the EU’s great growth factors, it needs to be maintained as European integration proceeds.
It is the regions, however, that will in future remain the appropriate territorial level for the implementation of cohesion policy, in line with the principles of subsidiarity and decentralisation.
If it is so difficult, however, to make more slowly developing regions progress, what will happen when events that are completely out of the ordinary strike one of these regions, events that may result from climatic factors, fires, floods or earthquakes?
It must be pointed out, however, that those logistic difficulties do not necessarily equate to unfavourable economic circumstances.
What concerns us, however, is the emphasis given to this exercise, which is absolutely uncalled-for, because trying to win the people over by undoing what has been done seems to us to be rather questionable, to say the least.
I would, however, advise that we should, together, look for a way in which we can come up with a generally acceptable method of assessing the impact of legislation.
I would stress, however, that we are in the early stages of a policy that aims to provide passengers with a guarantee of new rights.
We are, however, making progress, and I would like to pay tribute, Madam President, to the European Parliament, which has helped us a great deal in this matter.
I cannot make any commitments on behalf of the Greek Government, however; I can only offer the help that we are offering.
I can, however, state that in June the Luxembourg Presidency proposed a budget for cohesion policy that was 10% less than the Commission’s proposal.
It should be noted, however, that Equitable Life did not enter into liquidation and continues to operate as an authorised insurance undertaking, albeit one that is closed to new business.
At the end of the day, however, the Council and the Member States rejected this proposal and it is therefore not part of the current CAP reform.
Unfortunately, it did not win through, however, as first Germany and then the United Kingdom opposed it.
At present, however, it is important to get the technical quality right and the appropriate infrastructure in place.
We also, however, need to be realistic and open-minded, not only about the results we expect from negotiations, but also about the ends we have in view.
We cannot, however – and I include my own group in this – be naive and say that it can join tomorrow.
At this point, however, I should like to say to Mr Erdogan: frankly, you did not help us with your unilateral declarations when the Ankara protocol was signed.
The task, however, is a very difficult one, as this debate shows, since hostile forces exist that are gaining ground and striving to see this process end in failure.
Not everything is, however, as it should be in Turkey – far from it.
I would like to shall begin, however, by echoing the earlier remarks made by Commissioner Rehn in welcoming to Parliament the Bulgarian and Romanian observers.
I would, however, respectfully remind Parliament that the draft negotiating framework, and the overall reform process set out by the Commission, are designed to address exactly those concerns.
I would, however, respectfully remind Parliament that there will be further opportunities for discussion on the European draft Constitutional Treaty.
In the meantime, however, the reservation clause desired by Turkey will take full effect.
The authorities of my country are, however, in possession of a clear mandate from the people they are supposed to represent: on 29 May 2005, the people of France rejected the European Constitution and the project of enlargement to include Turkey.
We consider that the very policy and the character of the EU do not offer any guarantee, however many resolutions are passed on a fair solution to the Cyprus question.
In the debate, however, we have expressed some reservations and objections to the plan to bring forward the liberalisation of international transport, including cabotage, to 2008, and the plan to liberalise national transport services from 1 January 2012.
In France, however, the TGV will reach Nice only in 2020, two years after a permanent space station has been built on the moon.
This report needs to be seen in the context of the wider package however: Over the coming months we must work to ensure that these new laws strike an overall balance between the needs of rail users and the interests of the service providers.
I should like to emphasise with regard to this report, however, that the territorial component must increase the European added value, otherwise there is no justification for pumping so much money into the regions.
At the same time, however, we must take care to retain and even promote the variety of regional development.
At the same time, however, we should appeal to these regions to spend the funds wisely – on education and infrastructure, in particular – so that the taxes paid by our fellow European citizens are put to legitimate use.
On the subject of the oil companies, however – I do not envy them or their shareholders their large profits – I do believe that greater socio-political responsibility for our common society and for the future of the companies themselves is needed.
On the other hand, however, EU institutions must adopt a more forward-looking approach to the closure of existing energy installations.
We have heard today, yet again, excellent pronouncements which, however, are not accompanied by concomitant measures.
The emphasis here should be on moderation and good sense, however, rather than ideology.
We have not, however, tried to draft laws restricting the stock exchange game which raises prices, as my colleague, Mr Goebbels, has said, or lessening the social inequality that results from oil.
Encouraging tendencies can also be seen, however: awareness is increasing and, following Katrina, the US car industry has requested that the President call a summit on what can be done to develop alternative fuels.
I am deeply convinced, however, that the only correct response in the long term is to overcome our dependence on oil, a source of energy that will last for perhaps a further 40 to 60 years, is prone to crises and is increasing in price the scarcer it becomes.
As the Commissioner has said, however, that is not the solution.
I wonder, however, whether it is really a matter of supreme importance to withdraw from nuclear power.
He also, however, referred to what he called 'the Swiss model agreement on road tolls'.
The positive aspect, however – as has already been mentioned – is the creation of the Peace Consolidation Committee.
Mr President, my group will be voting for this resolution, because, however unambitious it may be, it does represent a step in the right direction, and because we need a strong United Nations and will do everything in our power to make the United Nations strong.
We do not, however, believe that the EU and its Parliament should dictate how the UN should work and what its goals should be.
I am pleased on one count, however: that it was not adopted. The reason is that it concerns the proposals of the High-Level Panel that presented a report to Kofi Annan.
About the composition of this new institution, or about measures to bar such countries from it, the text, however, has not one word to say.
That does not necessarily mean that the world is a jungle: it simply means that peace is based solely on the balance between nations and groups of nations and that all international law can do is marginalise the natural games of states that, however devoted they claim to be to the cause of peace, are still heartless monsters and will never stop calculating their power.
It is not, however, sufficient to keep the United Nations afloat, but it is essential to relaunch the organisation definitively.
We share, however, the disappointment that he expressed on the failure to pursue a treaty on the international arms trade.
I did serve, however, representing Cornwall and Plymouth.
It was more than a historical resolution, however, as it was also partly an appeal to solidarity within the European Union.
As the Commissioner rightly pointed out, however, the situation in Belarus is changing very rapidly.
I am not, however, satisfied with what has been done to date.
At the same time, however, the state firm Beltelecom which is a subsidiary of the Ministry of Communications, continues to hold a monopoly over Internet connections.
The rapporteur, Mr Menéndez del Valle, has produced an excellent report which, however, requires the ongoing commitment of the European Parliament.
There is no doubt, however, that Delhi will soon be playing a leading role on the world political and economic stage.
As has been said several times here, fair trade is also needed, however, as well as respect for workers’ rights, the abolition of child labour and respect for intellectual property.
Good legislation is not enough, however: time and effort must be invested in its implementation.
In the long term, however, we must create a single European market for this, too, with all its benefits; one of the purposes of which – and this is another important point for us – being to reduce costs.
There should be no doubt, however, that Europe must cooperate on renewable energy.
There is one thing that remains very important to this end, however: closing the legislative gap in the field of heating and cooling.
The experience gained to date, however, does not paint a particularly rosy picture concerning the production of electricity from solid biomass.
That, however, cannot be allowed to happen at the expense of research into nuclear fusion.
Now, however, companies which produce oil from oil shale have apparently raised their prices considerably through a cartel agreement.
Our Minister of Economics and Communications, however, has shrugged his shoulders and claimed that there is nothing he can do if oil shale companies have tied the price of oil shale to the price of oil.
The price of oil shale itself, however, has not risen.
That being so, however, we must help to shape stable democratic institutions.
Unfortunately, however, this process has not yet started.
In other countries, however, progress has been more modest and shows that considerable efforts remain to be made.
I do not, however, think that legislation should be used as a tool where speed is concerned, because the state of a road can vary a very great deal, and one road be in a different condition to another.
At the same time, however, everyone wants to have these low-cost products.
What we heard, however, was more of the same, and attempts at defending the indefensible.
Above all, however, I would call for this respite to be used to change the EU’s trading strategy.
Taking advantage of the time period necessary to establish this agreement, however, certain European importers accumulated a large quantity of goods.
The crisis that has now been triggered by the dramatic rise in imports from China is not, however, affecting companies in the European Union alone; it is those in some of the world’s poorest countries, Bangladesh for example, that are primarily affected.
I would also like to make clear, however, that there are two sides to the question we are debating today.
The Commission can however, especially this year, provide a better and more sensible environment for it than in the past.
China also, however, offers a great opportunity for creating new jobs in Europe.
No one, however, has discussed what we can offer the citizens of our own countries where we were elected.
It would be extremely easy, however, to get a rule laid down in the WTO to the effect that countries that fail to comply with ILO standards cannot export or that their goods will not be imported.
If you look at the Member States’ budgets, however, you will see that they are not doing that either.
At the same time, it is also important, however, to draw attention to the abominable conditions in the social and environmental spheres.
I have taken due note of your remark, which is well-founded. It is true, however, that the agenda for this part-session was particularly full.
It must be said, however, that the UN is an old lady of 60 years of age, whose organisation and way of working seem to have been set in stone from birth.
I fear, however, that in order to achieve this, priority will be given, once again, to poorly targeted crackdowns, in place of training and information.
We think, however, that the EU is being given a disproportionate role in road safety work.
The reason for our position is, however, that the report is in large part dominated by issues that should be dealt with at national, rather than EU, level.
The particular subject of China, however, and of trade relations with China in particular, can give the European Union greater meaning and purpose.
I am convinced, however, that Tunisia is now genuinely committed to long-term reform and to promoting genuine human rights, good governance and secular democracy.
At this point, however, I would like to speak about a case currently being dealt with by the Slovak Republic.
Something needs to be done both in the educational system and about the composition of the police and judiciary, however, if the situation is to improve.
I would like to point out, however, Mr President, Commissioner, that the Hungarian Government also has a definite obligation to join with its neighbours, Serbia and Montenegro, in addressing these problems.
Unfortunately however, the events of recent weeks and months are alarming again.
We should, however, not forget that both Serbs and Hungarians will need to be better protected by clear and widely supported agreements on linguistic rights, autonomy and administrative boundaries.
Please do not tell me, however, that after the cowardly support for the bombing of the country, you are not trying to tell the Serbs and the other nations; ‘we’re sorry, come and start accession negotiations.
Mr President, when discussing this situation it is advisable to consider the whole picture and not just part of it, however important that part might be.
In this regard, let me stress that we would be failing in our duty if we looked at the situation of only one minority in one region of Serbia, however important it may be.
The challenge in Lampedusa is also Europe’s problem, however much Italy seeks to hide it from visiting MEPs.
All this, however, is being swept under the carpet.
We should appreciate the fact, however, and for this I would like to thank the President, that Parliament has been willing to dedicate this time – which was not programmed – to such an important and sensitive topic.
As long as men and women are thirsty and hungry, they will start walking, however high the barbed wire fences are built.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this is an issue of great importance which some, however, are tackling in a controversial manner.
There are, however, some aspects of the statements that I believe should not be emphasised.
Other countries, however – such as Malta, which has a population of barely 400 000 – find themselves under enormous pressure and are not capable of dealing with the problem.
The events which are taking place again and again, mainly in southern Europe, demonstrate, however, that the European Union is not tackling this phenomenon of our time with sufficient determination.
Our relationship with Iran, however, does not begin and end with the nuclear track.
I would like, however, to state right away and without ambiguity that we rule out any kind of military solution to this crisis.
Unfortunately, however, this process has not received the support it needed to ensure its full success.
A possible military intervention, however, similar to that initiated by the Americans against Iran’s neighbours, Iraq and Afghanistan, in recent years, would give the people in Iran the feeling that their country is being threatened from outside and should therefore be defended.
We should not forget, however, that this is already the third European Parliament resolution on Iran this year.
It is equally important, however, to send a clear message to the Commission, the governments of the Member States and the international community: the peoples of Europe, represented by this Parliament, wish to see the Iran issue handled with a commitment to leave the door open to negotiation.
We need to be equally clear and determined, however, in refusing any type of bargaining over the serious contraventions of human rights which still exist, especially in the field of freedom of expression and of women’s and children’s rights, where we are still very far from being secure in the rule of law.
Let there be little doubt in this House, however, that the prospect of a report to the United Nations Security Council remains real.
I think, however, that we must go further.
One of these conditions, however, is a fairer global trade system, and here we can see a test shaping up for Europe, a test for Parliament and for the Commission: development policy cannot be separated from policy on the world trade system.
The security issue must, however, be understood as pertaining to human security as well, not simply to the tragedies that have followed 11 September.
As we know, however, they are traded, dealt with and circulated around Europe.
This is the same despair and anger that fans the flames of international terrorism, whose recruits manage to find a way into Europe, however high the continent builds the walls at its borders.
The fact that we have 26 different development policies, however, tends to hamper efficiency.
I would, however, like you to clarify a few points for us.
I too observed the elections and saw the voters participate in an extremely important democratic process, which has, however, been upset by disturbing events.
We also, however, saw how fragile the democratic process can be, with people whispering ‘please don’t go!’ to us as we left the polling stations.
In order to make this possible, however, I believe that it is vitally important to promote the necessary mutual trust amongst all the actors involved.
I did not, however, do this because I found it enjoyable, but because I was challenged by the problems that circuses face in the European Union and elsewhere.
What the report does do, however, is to put on the EU agenda the specific circumstances of poverty affecting women, and this is a good thing.
. – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, our debate today is on an own initiative report which would, however, gain by being a report with legislative force, so important is, I believe, the urban dimension in the context of enlargement to the European Union.
On the other hand, however, they are the places where numerous and varied problems are concentrated, such as environmental pollution, traffic congestion, housing problems, crime and drug addiction and social exclusion, immigration and poverty.
Cities have many other roles to play too, however, and I should like to mention education and the promotion of culture in particular.
At the same time, however, it is in those very cities that increasing internal disparities have been noted, together with a worrying increase in social problems and even the social exclusion of certain groups.
We could easily hold debates, however, with the associations to which they belong.
For proper dialogue to take place, however, our partners require time and space to be able to make their contribution, and we need time and space to be able to make good use of their contributions, and in turn to improve the quality of the laws and initiatives on which we are working.
It is also the case, however, that the most complex problems tend to be concentrated in the cities.
In the southern Baltic, however, these nets do not represent a threat because porpoises are extremely rare there.
Day-to-day practice shows, however, that a valid legal framework will only be any good in so far as it is capable of being monitored, simply and effectively, on the ground, in other words, in practice.
The most significant one, however, is the lack of freedom, not least union freedom, which denies Chinese workers the chance to request pay rises or improved working conditions.
Let us also be clear, however, that we do so in the name of our own interests as well.
In the global work to promote peace, disarmament and human rights, we wish however to prioritise the UN, which is better suited than the EU to carrying out such tasks.
We must not, however, tolerate the creation of such parallel societies, and so integration is dependent upon the learning of the national language of the state in question, and on that we must insist.
Let us not lose sight, however, of the starting point of the relationship.
All these matters must, however, be resolved in larger contexts than a report like this, taking in a wider range of sectors.
Like so many other issues, however, such as tourism, it has been affected, directly or indirectly, by a succession of measures arising from Community policy.
We are, however, opposed to introducing state-regulated minimum wages.
Some of its worst aspects, however, were removed.
The main reason why people suffer from affective disorders, however, is because they lead a life without principles and without God.
In the states of the former Soviet Union, however, or in other words our close and distant neighbours to the east and south, over 200 000 tonnes of obsolete and unprotected chemicals may be stockpiled, which are dispersed by the wind and washed away by rainwater.
We do, however, want to continue to support the Jean Monnet chairs and all those things for which your programme already makes provision.
I must stress, however, that in my opinion it is essential for each Member State to draw up its own national lifelong learning strategy if the lifelong learning system is to function effectively.
Without adequate funding, however, the latter goals will remain out of our reach, and will never make it off the drawing board, as is the case in a number of Member States.
For people with hearing disabilities, however, the presence of subtitles is of the utmost importance.
The EU should not, however, implement special programmes to benefit the European film industry.
I would, however, like to come back to two points, which I did not mention in my introduction.
There are, however, a number of things in this proposal to which I would like to return.
In my opinion, however, the draft report contains superfluous provisions that impose unnecessary restrictions on this sector of the economy and hinder its development, instead of improving the transport of waste.
It is important to remember, however, that Articles 175 and 176 do not give Member States a free hand to introduce whatever measures they want.
Let me stress, however, that this should apply only in those cases where a substitute is available.
I would like to point out, however, that there are also plans to ban the use of sulphur hexafluoride SF6, which would have negative consequences for the treatment of cancer, since this substance is used in radiotherapy and no substitute is available.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety has, however, decided, despite everything, to demand that more substances be phased out than those put forward by the Council for such treatment.
That policy depended, however, on certain temporary, national and accidental circumstances.
The Nordic model too is based, however, on unique basic conditions that cannot be exported to the EU as a whole with the help of legislation.
The Commission has shown which side it is on when it comes to working conditions etc. You need to know, however, that you have issued a challenge to the whole of the Left and of the trade union movement.
It would be preferable, however, to prevent these companies from profiting from the circumstances, and to avoid a scandalous situation in which millions of people cannot be vaccinated because they cannot afford the expensive vaccines.
We are not satisfied, however; there is still much to do.
If we introduce what we offer in social welfare into the equation, however, that difference is reduced to seven times.
The European debate is sometimes our debate — I am aware of the situation that this Parliament is currently undergoing and I do not want to get into issues that are part of your debate — but I would, however, like to point out that, although Chile has often been presented as a neo-liberal model, the reality could not be more different.
What does not appear in the ‘Washington Consensus’, however, is the need for concrete public policy in the midst of growth, aimed at the poorest sectors of society in order to create a social welfare net.
By becoming acquainted with the manners and customs of others, however, and by appreciating the variety of their cities, we must reach a successful common destiny.
One basic condition of such imports is, however, that agreements entered into on an international basis should be complied with and that the transported waste should not constitute an environmental risk for other Member States.
The financial framework proposed by the Commission, however, is extremely limited.
I cannot, however, vote in favour of the increase of EUR 200 million, proposed mainly because the share for Youth for Europe is being increased.
I feel, however, that much will be decided on the ground.
When it comes to the European cultural heritage, there may, however, be justification for dealing with certain issues at Community level.
Individual items of expenditure should not, however, be debated until the EU’s long-term budget has been adopted.
The most practical feature of the European Parliament’s report is, however, a very large increase in the budget appropriations compared with what is proposed by the Commission.
There is no doubt, however, that every creative work bears enduring witness to a period in time and therefore helps posterity to understand the values and tastes of a generation.
I should like, however, to draw four conclusions of a more political nature from my reading of the reports.
In its report today the Commission has sounded a warning bell, without making a recommendation either way concerning the date of accession. It will, however, do so in April and this will influence the decision of the Council and of this Parliament, which must of course be consulted.
Very notable progress has also been made, however, as Mr Rehn has stressed.
What, however, is at issue is the timetable, for this is important.
The present Government, however, took a stand against this project, which violates the very concept of sustainable development, one of the pillars of our European policies.
At the same time, however, it also highlights the problems that are still faced by both Romania and Bulgaria.
At the same time, however, it notes that delays have emerged in certain sectors.
The price level of energy may be one indicator for this; however, it has to be borne in mind that the price of energy is also influenced by many other factors: oil, gas and coal import prices, prices of CO2 emission allowances on the carbon market, additional expenditure for the support of renewable energies, and increasing internalisation of the external cost of energy.
Unfortunately, however, at this stage, sponge fishing cannot be covered in the agreement.
The second is the need to link the transport systems of the 15 old Member States to those of the 10 new Member States. There is cause for concern, however, that one of these goals will take precedence over the other if the above principles are implemented.
The Commission proposal makes no provision for this possibility, however, since the new principles exclude funding for sections of routes covered by the Cohesion Fund. This could mean that the dumping I mentioned at the start is entirely ineffective.
We should, however, have liked to have seen lower upper limits for nitrates and nitrites.
Now that the Commission has, both in writing and orally here in the Chamber, stated that it takes our concern about the long-term use of aspartame and antibiotics in foodstuffs seriously, we shall support the compromise with the Council and so vote against the other amendments. We wish, however, to call on the Commission to return as quickly as possible to these issues, thoroughly to revise these directives on the basis of the need to limit the use of additives in foodstuffs, and to take greater account of the situation of vulnerable groups.
His position is likely to become less effective, however, unless it is accompanied by consistent decisions on the financial means to implement it.
It must be said, however, that in many cases this reduction has been implemented in an ill-considered manner, without thorough examination of the specific nature and problems of the institutions’ work.
Such cuts also place a question mark over the implementation, however minimal, of the principles of the Lisbon Strategy, in which the new Member States also take a great interest.
We are quite sure, however, that it could guarantee at least a minimum level of expenditure, and one that we would find acceptable if it meant that an even smaller budget would be avoided.
We should not, however, completely forget the Union’s other policy areas.
The budget line does also, however, make it possible for the petitioners, that is to say the members of the public to claim, under certain circumstances, the partial reimbursement of up to 80% of their travel costs from Parliament’s budget, subject to the prior approval of the Chairman of the Committee.
We might, however, have a chance of preventing recombination, so I would like to have the word ‘mutation’ changed please.
Today, 26 October 2005, however, the weather in Strasbourg is wonderful, spring-like and warm, and it is the same in Bergamo, my home town, as well as in Athens.
What, however, is at issue is the political level at which legislation is to be passed.
Decisions concerning the harmonisation of criminal and procedural laws should, however, only be taken with the agreement of the Member States and should be subject to supervision by the national parliaments.
We wish, however, to emphasise that isolated EU measures are insufficient for getting to grips with the challenges posed by a global influenza pandemic.
We cannot, however, completely exonerate the EPO from this affair.
The June List believes, however, that the Member States themselves should be free to decide what form their policies on economic migration are to take and that it should not be for the European Parliament to lay down which rules are to apply in this area.
The report contains some contradictory points, however, in the context of a migration policy that encourages the exploitation of human resources, especially the best qualified workers, from third countries.
What it should do, however, is protect and help people in circumstances where restructuring has made them redundant or left them facing difficulties within the labour market.
In respect of the services directive, we know the position taken by the European Parliament; I still, however, hope that it is possible to get political agreement on the right way forward, because – and I say this in all sincerity – the services directive is a necessary part of completing the single market and it is important for Europe.
These skills of yours do not, however, make up for the fact that the great Summit on reviving the European social dimension now seems to have been downgraded to an amicable chat among friends on the most disparate subjects, particularly economic reform and competitiveness.
I would also like to congratulate you, however, because we have returned to something essential from a previous era, a principle that was used during the era of the so-called ‘Jacques Delors’ financial packages.
If they set out, however, without a strategic plan based on the values on which our society is founded, then all their efforts will be in vain.
Let me end, however, by reiterating the importance of the point made by Mr Saryusz-Wolski, namely, the issue of future financing.
At this stage, however, I cannot give her any guarantee of the date on which that agreement will be reached.
We remain committed, however, to the belief that retention of specific communications data for a fixed period is a proportionate reaction to the threat of terrorism and that the associated costs are not excessive.
It should be recalled, however, that during Question Time the President-in-Office acts on behalf of the Council; hence he must decline to answer questions which are outside the Council's sphere of competence, for example, where matters of strictly internal politics are concerned.
It is precisely in areas like this, however, that we can make a difference, though not on our own.
The role, however, carried out by the US forces is unhelpful to conflict resolution, reconciliation, and the development of Afghanistan.
In order to achieve this objective, however, we need to work very hard to support public institutions, so that both NGOs and civil society may somehow make themselves heard.
At the same time, however, there can be no question that in some senses the country could be said to export drugs to the rest of the world.
During the pre-campaign phase and at the moment, however, we have seen an increase in police repression, which is unacceptable.
At the same time, however, basic principles and procedures must not be abandoned during electoral campaigns and elections to legislative bodies conducted in accordance with OSCE standards.
On the other hand, however, repressive measures are still being imposed, and the opposition still suffers oppression.
It is too late, however, to establish a genuinely diverse media landscape before the November elections.
I agree, however, that with the new oil possibilities, it will not be as easy as we previously thought, because there will be more wealth in the future.
I do not, however, consider the attitude the present government has shown up to now to be justifiable.
Now, 10 years later, however, we should perhaps ask whether we need the Barcelona Process today.
There is, however, a certain dilemma associated with this.
Above all, however, the issues for the future are those of human rights and democracy.
Let us begin, however, with what has been done.
At the same time, however, migration can also represent an opportunity to promote the development of Europe and the establishment of an international order based on peace and human dignity.
As an Italian citizen, I should, however, like to mention that it was Giuseppe Mazzini – the bicentenary of whose birth is this year – who instituted the petition by allowing people, both individually and collectively, to submit petitions under Article 10 of the Constitution of the Roman Republic of 1849.
The fact that we have to consider, however, is that 72% of the 3 726 complaints received lay outside his competence.
It is also obvious, however, that they are not able to identify the right recipients for their complaints.
A political analysis of the data shows, however, that Europeans recognise and thus complain to Community institutions while effectively bypassing national institutions.
The report before us, however, is like a document from a statistics bureau: it is sterile and gives no hint of any battle over the principles and motivations behind the subjects dealt with.
Good administration starts with the proper selection of staff, however, and with the recruitment and employment of officials in an entirely non-discriminatory fashion and in full respect of the principle of equality.
I would ask the House’s Bureau, however, to give some thought to whether it might not be possible to respond more flexibly under such circumstances, particularly by giving the floor to those Members who were present in the Chamber right up to the very end of the debate – if they so desire it, that is – or by letting them speak for longer.
We do not, however, want producers in developing countries to lose their livelihood, and we have therefore voted in favour of transitional aid to compensate them until they have had time to convert to other forms of production.
Mr Bonde’s proposal cannot, however, be implemented in practice and must be considered unrealistic and ill thought-out.
To persevere with the policy of European subsidies, however, represents ...
Mr Bonde’s proposal is, however, absurd and could not be implemented in practice.
Both resolutions are concerned, however, with countries and areas that cannot be regarded as being in the EU’s immediate vicinity.
It can be acknowledged that Uzbekistan is an appealing target for Islamic extremists; however, such actions by the authorities do not stop Islamic radicalism, as only democracy and an independent judiciary can help to fight radicalism, not repression.
That does not mean, however, that we can turn a blind eye to human rights abuses.
In recent times, however, as a result of clashes between foreign pressures and Karimov’s authoritarian practices, the country has been witness to human rights violations and persecution of the opposition, in particular the Islamic opposition.
His popularity led to him being labelled a threat to the local Chinese authorities, however, and the latter arrested him on the pretext that he had allegedly helped to organise a number of attacks.
It is worth pointing out, however, that investments in infrastructure are not the only mark of a great civilisation.
In China, however, this date has become a symbol of repression, since it is the anniversary of the Tiananmen tragedy.
Next time, however, many important matters are to be dealt with, including REACH, so we need to ensure that the technology works.
Certain media, however, prefer to describe the scum who tipped fuel over a disabled lady in order to set fire to her only as rascals.
Those whom Mr Sarkozy rightly describes as scum, however, can count on subsidies and red-carpet treatment.
I should, however, like to make a few preliminary remarks on a number of the report’s demands and proposals.
At the same time, however, we are all aware of the significant social risks it poses.
We need, however, a more flexible labour market, less bureaucracy and greater personal responsibility.
In my opinion, however, the report has here departed from the current reality in the European Union.
Fortunately, however, it also represents a great opportunity for people from all continents, countries and regions.
In the same way that socialism was needed to take the edge off 19th century capitalism, however, the globalisation of today needs a social dimension, without which it will be nothing but a wasted opportunity for humanity.
I must say, however, that, if there are no changes to it, it will be difficult to support the report in the form it has been drawn up following the committee’s reading of it.
– I am sorry for my colleague, however he is going to hear more about the socialist dimension, because that is what we want to see, that the people become the centre of attention.
It is therefore obvious that the Member States are required to comply with these principles; however, they are also bound to respect international legal obligations, especially those arising under the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and under the Convention for the Prevention of Torture.
At the same time, however, I would call on the Members of the House to keep a sense of proportion during this debate.
This is not, however, a merely institutional issue.
Even if a CIA-owned Boeing had in fact landed there in 2003, however, it would not constitute any kind of proof that such camps existed or still exist in my country.
We do know, however, that this Boeing also landed in the Czech Republic and Sweden in 2003, and, more recently, in Palma on the island of Majorca.
Once again, however, we appear to be turning a blind eye.
That is only the start, however, because it is obvious that, in addition to the serious violation – and I have drawn attention to Article 7 of the Treaty – there is also a second consideration: if these allegations proved to be true, they would constitute criminal activity.
The Court did, however, uncover weaknesses at national level in the systems of the implementing organisations in Bulgaria, Romania, Turkey and other Sapard countries.
Much, however, remains to be done, particularly at Member State level.
We can, however, learn a great deal from those tables in terms of anomalies in our agricultural policy.
Without it, however, we cannot move forward; we need a declaration of assurance from the Council too.
On the one hand, we feel a sense of sorrow when we hear that there are still a lot of shortcomings in the control system, however, on the other hand there is the frustration that it looks like we are always seeking further perfection, a perfection represented by the DAS system, up to a perfection which year after year we are continually realising that yes, we can come closer to it, but that we will surely never reach.
My fear, however, is that there is a lack of ambition to meet the expectations of a Europe in crisis.
Your plan D methodology promoting democracy, dialogue and debate is also interesting, provided, however, that it does not become the plan of demagogy or of disappointment.
Our future prospects will, however, come to nothing if we do not have any financial perspective before the end of the year.
One concept is missing, however, and that is sustainability.
Something is missing, however, and my group permanently feels somewhat uneasy.
The failure to adopt the financial framework for 2007-2013, however, is holding up the work of the EU.
I would say, however, that it is worth looking at what is going on in Commissioner Verheugen’s work on cars in the context of an integrated competitiveness initiative.
At the same time, however, we must see that citizens, the players in economic life, object to the excessively bureaucratic procedures.
True, they involve fewer alterations to existing regulations. We wish, however, to emphasise our opposition on principle to common organisations of the markets in seeds, hops and wine.
We must not, however, forget to consider the substantive amendments that are so urgently needed.
With regard to the national plans in individual Member States, however, we should like to emphasise three aspects:
We will, however, delay as little as possible in stating our position on those amendments that gain a majority at the vote.
If REACH is to be this engine of sustainable growth, the proposal needs, however, to be simplified, strengthened and made clearer.
Mr President, I wish to thank Mr Sacconi for his work on REACH and for the compromises that, with our help, he has brought about on the subjects of authorisation etc. The attacks on REACH by Mr Nassauer, Mr Schulz, Mr Poettering and Mrs Ek are, however, a policy of appeasement of the German chemicals industry, which destroys the environment and public health and makes things impossible for workers and all small enterprises that want actually to know about the effects of the chemicals they are buying and about their consequences for us.
I do, however, have one serious reservation regarding a kind of discrimination against the ten new Member States.
In the absence of useable data on these chemicals, however, only a tiny proportion of these cancers are recognised as occupational diseases and dealt with as such.
In my view, however, Mr Sacconi has made some fundamental mistakes, especially in terms of relations with others.
Negotiations regarding a compromise have, however, been conducted in a truly democratic way.
The proposal now acceptable to Parliament’s large groups represents clear progress, however, and is far better than the present lack of clear legislation.
At the same time, however, we do not want to turn down this opportunity to improve the situation for Europeans in legislative terms.
At the same time, however, the other key element of REACH, namely the authorisation of chemicals, must not fall prey to a political success story where registration is concerned.
I would, however, like to focus on the proposal to include the chemicals used in tobacco products under REACH.
We should therefore capitalise on the European added value and give the Agency the necessary competences to reach a uniform approach without, however, overlooking the Member States’ know-how.
We know, however, that cancer and allergies have become more common and that many industrial injuries are due to people having been exposed to chemicals in the workplace.
At the same time, however, it would also be wrong for us not to do everything in our power to achieve the best possible outcome for the health of our fellow citizens and for the environment in which they live.
At the same time, however, it is also true that practical tools have now been found that will make it easier for businesses, and especially for small and medium-sized enterprises, to contend with this extremely demanding body of legislation.
In most countries, however, forest law is based on principles of sustainable development.
According to the Monterrey Consensus, however, the debt relief initiative for highly indebted poor countries should, and I quote, ‘be fully financed through additional resources’.
The key issue, however, is ensuring that the concerns of all parties affected are taken seriously.
The aim of the treaties of accession, however, is to create a common market and to achieve the free movement of workers within this common market, since this is one of the four key values which are upheld in the European Union and which underpin the concept of European integration.
I would like to express one reservation, however. What will be the scope of the Community list of these airlines not meeting European safety criteria?
This does not, however, prevent us from assisting in other equally effective ways.
An important event which, however, still leaves certain very important problems outstanding, such as the issue and the role of religion, the federal model, the national identity and access to natural resources, especially oil.
The final goal has not yet been achieved, however, and much remains to be done to defeat Al Qaeda and its allies and to bring permanent stability to Iraq.
At the same time, however, the situation continues to be characterised by incessant terrorist attacks and the constant possibility that civil war could break out.
We are, however, at present responsible only for a portion of emissions, amounting to approximately 14%.
The chapters on the environment, energy and climate change are, however, perfectly respectable, and I believe that they will enable Europe, too, to make progress.
Such heavy restrictions cannot, however, be imposed on European countries alone, when China, the United States and a good many other countries are hugely increasing their CO2 emissions.
If we are to create a market for renewable energy, the costs of today’s unsustainable dependence on fossil-based energy sources must, however, be clearly shown.
Some solutions, however, are expected to come out of it.
In this particular situation, however, I do not believe that the case has been made for releasing far greater financial resources than those proposed by the rapporteur.
The use of EU funds should, however, be limited to the decommissioning of the Bohunice V1 reactors and to the measures accompanying it.
We believe, however, that any decision to levy such a tax must have the Council’s unanimous backing and not just that of a majority.
I believe, however, that there are two points that we must bear in mind.
It took place, however, in duly romantic and exclusive surroundings, so the odds were all on your side.
The EU can and must, however, complete the work on creating a fully-fledged internal market for capital and services.
At least, however, this Parliament is receiving a report, something which the Prime Minister failed to give the British House of Commons in the aftermath of the event.
I should like, however, to draw the Council’s attention to the fact that agreement must not be reached by taking the lowest common denominator and, above all, that Parliament’s position must not be ignored.
There is no requirement on it, however, and it is left to national governments.
The problem, however, for a number of Member States – and not just the United Kingdom – is that we have historically been very high contributors.
What we have to do for the future, however, is to build on that achievement and recognise that the challenges are a little different.
In order to contemplate a relaunch of Europe, however, the European Council must first remove a basic obstacle, because, given that almost all of the Member States have reached a common opinion on the financial perspective 2007–2013, on the basis of the negotiations undertaken by the Luxembourg Presidency, they absolutely must reach an agreement by the end of the year.
Precisely from looking at those great ambitions and the few concrete results achieved, however, I must say that I am increasingly convinced – and I invite you all to reflect on this as well – that there is an enormous contradiction between the potential of that Europe and the illusion that such results can be achieved by a Europe that has less money than it needs and, above all, is unwilling to change its rules.
At the same time, however, I have to admit that after the questions and speeches of Members of this House had left him with no other option, Mr Straw finally started to talk about business like a normal human being, which is how a politician should talk.
Estimates suggest that if this Perspective is not adopted, the new Member States will receive EUR 10 billion for development in 2007. If it is adopted, however, this figure will rise to around EUR 22 billion, with an additional EUR 3.5 billion for Romania and Bulgaria.
On the other hand, however, we realise that this process has many enemies and that terrorism is in fact backing those who do not want a solution to this tragic situation.
Since President Ahmadinejad took up office, however, there has been a clear and perceptible setback in the shape of the sentencing of juveniles to death, renewed persecutions of journalists and human rights activists and the recall of 40 ambassadors.
As institutions, however, we should continue to foster relations with the people.
I understand, however, that discussions are going well.
In relation to the point he makes, however, he will have to wait just a little while longer because, before he re-entered the Chamber this afternoon, I was sharing with other colleagues the process that we are taking forward now: as he knows, there was a discussion at Coreper earlier in the course of the British Presidency.
When the relevant regulations are laid down, it will, however, be important not unnecessarily to regulate hunting rules in the Member States to a degree greater than that required to protect animals against suffering.
As the basis of these powers has already, however, been the subject of dispute, considerations of legal certainty demand that this issue be examined with great thoroughness.
The protection of wild animals is not, however, a part of the EU’s environmental policy and does not even come within the EU’s competence.
Mrs Scheele is proceeding, however, on the basis that the proposal is not sufficiently far-reaching.
These rules must, however, be laid down by the Member States and not in Brussels.
At the present stage, however, I would like to say that we need to examine all the relevant parameters.
The procurement market within the European Union remains, however, utterly fragmented, with every country having its own preferred suppliers and purveyors by appointment.
It is, however, important for a start to be made on this work.
We must, however, constantly work to ensure that countries that must not have nuclear weapons give up developing them.
This code of conduct must not, however, be some kind of toothless tiger, or else we will not only be putting at risk the security of innumerable people but also exposing ourselves to ridicule.
What is not at a standstill, however, is the further development of the European Security and Defence Policy, as just recently the European Defence Agency was brought to fruition.
With regard to the civilian nuclear programme in Iran, however, the legitimate economic and regional security interests of that great country are ignored and its government is called upon to supply verifiable guarantees as to the peaceful nature of every one of its nuclear programmes.
On the subject of arms exports, while we welcome calls for better verification of the end-use of exported goods and the maintenance of the arms embargo on China, we continue, however, to have difficulty with the idea of a legally binding code of conduct.
I should also like to warn against one illusion, however: a single European Defence Equipment Market cannot be achieved if enterprises operating under market conditions have to compete with those that are government-backed.
That is why we need more Europe in this field, not necessarily more money. If, however, we need more Europe but do not have any additional money, we must change our behaviour somewhat.
The fundamental condition for the opening up of the defence market, however, both for myself and for a number of Members of this House, is to ensure that the EU Code of Conduct on Exports of Military Equipment is rigorously complied with.
There is also, however, a need for clarification of the language and the application of the code.
The criteria for such a list should be applied equally, however, on a set of standards based on human rights violations and instability.
We have, however, obtained a good decision with regard to the granting of authorisations.
It has now, however, been stated that the only positive aspect of the proposal, that relating to the granting of authorisations, will be undermined in the Council.
We do, however, have some concerns with regard to the procedure for authorisation.
You, however, concluded that the report was rejected.
I obviously wish to see human and public health being protected, as well as the environment, however we must not loose sight of the fact that to allow new processes to be developed, new products to be created and new innovations to be made available for the greater good, we cannot impose huge restrictions on businesses, which would prevent them from having certainty with regard the business, regulatory and administrative environs within which they must operate.
It is right, however, in this text, to safeguard the competitiveness of our enterprises and to avoid all stifling bureaucratic procedures.
This dossier, however, is also the one that, most of all, has given rise to false information, to threats and even to attempts at blackmail.
On this point, however, it is salutary to note that the Council is more ambitious than Parliament.
We are, however, voting in favour of the overall proposal for a directive because the Commission may otherwise withdraw it.
This agreement was twice rejected by Parliament, however, and only entered into force because the Council and the Commission argued that they did not want to create trouble with the USA and Canada.
We support, however, the demand for nuclear disarmament and the objective of Europe becoming a nuclear–free zone.
The motion for a resolution before us, however, reveals much about the double standards prevailing in the EU.
If everybody is opposed to delaying the debates, however, we will have to hold them.
I cannot help but point out, however, that it makes no direct reference to certain issues that are of absolutely key importance, both for Africa and for other very poor countries.
It is important, however, that the EU finally assumes its due role at international level as a leader in the fight against poverty.
Regrettably, the EU does not, however, have an overall view of development issues.
I do not, however, think that the EU’s role should be that of leading the world on this issue.
That is, of course, excellent. It is, however, just as important to debate quality as quantity.
I cannot deny, however, that some of the arguments being put forward by major players trouble me.
At the same time, however, we must not be content solely with the emergency action.
At present, however, only goods are permitted to pass through these crossing points, and not people.
Earthquakes know no borders, however, and the recent disaster affected both India and Pakistan, uniting them in misfortune.
His dual nationality does, however, help to bring this abuse to the attention of the media in Europe.
The important thing, however, is not just the fact that Mr Larrañaga is a citizen of Spanish nationality, and therefore European, but that there are almost 2 000 other people in a similar situation.
The Commission would, however, be willing to reply to the oral question at a subsequent part-session should Parliament decide to include it on the agenda.
Most important of all, however, is the pressing fact that four years into the DDA, the agenda is not delivering for the poor of the world.
It will not, however, be possible to conclude these negotiations successfully without making progress on access to the markets for industrial products and the trade in services.
The second aspect includes other questions that are not slated for consideration or actual decision at this conference; however, discussions on these matters are necessary, involving the revision of WTO rules by introducing social, labour and environmental standards.
Perhaps these issues should have been considered earlier; however, it is necessary to do so now, since as of this year, with China’s aggressive penetration into the world’s textile and other markets, countries with high labour and environmental standards are beginning to lose the battle of competitiveness.
If we are to succeed, a great deal more is, however, required of all the parties involved, as it has been proved that putting the blame on each other, as we are doing at present, does not produce results.
The Commissioner, however, was very categorical with regard to agriculture, stating that there would be no further offers because agricultural change would also permit other opportunities in other sectors.
When the European Community agreed the Fischler reform of the common agricultural policy, however, our farmers were told that the reform was necessary to present them at the negotiations at the Doha Round in a way that was credible and justifiable to the international community.
Agriculture, however, is very important to get right in this round.
It did not grant any real religious freedom, however, since the schools and universities that had been destroyed were not returned to the Buddhist community, to cite but one example.
It is necessary, however, to do more to win the battle for democracy and human rights.
We do know, however, that we can hardly say that fundamental rights have been implemented there.
We must not forget, however, that this situation is the product of a tragic history.
The Council considers, however, that measures and events related to sports can be a great help in promoting education, health, social cohesion, and in combating discrimination and ensuring an inclusive society.
I would like to assure you, however, that within my portfolio I will do my best to promote the Olympic truce.
At the same time, however, provision is made for derogations and this is where caution is needed, because this will adulterate the severity of the measures.
I must, however, emphasise the importance of behaviour of the population.
There is, however, still a lot to be done and that is why my colleague, Mr Potočnik, will soon ask for proposals for further research into the vaccine.
I can, however, confirm that all Member States have national plans.
I have to point out, however, that the disease has spread to farms in south-east Asia where animals are bred in a natural way.
I do have a number of regrets, however, especially regarding the appropriate remuneration to be paid to patent holders.
We must, however, prevent a situation in which it becomes unattractive for industries to develop medicines.
They also need a road network, refrigerated transport, sufficient medical staff, and suchlike. It does, however, represent a considerable addition to the aid in special emergency cases.
Although I am a committed supporter of this proposal, I must, however, point out that the measures contained in the proposal in question reduce the protection afforded to intellectual property rights.
Apart from that procedural difference, however, we are broadly in agreement.
Paragraph 3 of the same article formulates, however, a number of exceptions which must be met in order to allow those cooperatives to go ahead after all.
At the same time, however, we must avoid penalising operators that are already securely entrenched in the market, and we must effectively compete with the giants of the markets outside Europe.
There is also, however, the proposal to extend the threshold of the normal VAT rate.
The work in this area has yielded significant results; however, the current system of VAT rates still foresees exceptions in the form of considerably lower VAT rates applied to certain goods and services.
At the same time, however, many doubts have been raised over whether VAT rates need to be harmonised, and indeed we have heard such sentiments voiced today in this Chamber.
This legislation, which will, however, only enter into force two and a half years after the adoption of the WTO decision, proves necessary for a large number of developing countries faced with serious public health problems.
There is one aspect, however, that I must make clear.
The Commission intends to further reduce our import duties, which are, however, already the lowest in the world, and it will only half-heartedly defend European interests against dumping in all of its guises, against pirating and counterfeiting, or the necessary requirement for Europe’s competitors to respect a minimum of social and environmental standards.
In 76 countries, however, the death sentence remains, and, in 24 countries, although it is effectively abolished, since there have been no executions for 10 years, it remains on the statute books.
Unfortunately, however, China is the country that holds the record in terms of executions.
The Commission’s proposals for reducing the fishing effort do not, however, include any assessment of the economic and social costs to fishermen.
It was, however, possible to do so on this one . This screwdriver contains nickel cadmium, while this one ( contains nickel metal hydride.
That is not, however, something one could have known when buying this one.
Other use of cadmium is not, however, intentional.
Poland is starting from a much less advantageous position where such collections are concerned, however, as it is less advanced in terms of technology and information provision.
At the same time, however, some of the changes could make accumulator manufacturers in the EU much less competitive than manufacturers outside Europe who do not have to comply with such restrictive regulations.
It would be rational, however, to impose a complete ban on portable batteries as it is highly likely that they will end up in landfills.
The directive is an umbrella instrument. In a way, it summarises all the achievements in the market and enforces its regulation; however, increased attention should perhaps be paid to the drafting of this specialised legislation.
Parliament’s proposed changes state, however, that the European Parliament has requested that Parliament and the Council be given an equal role in supervising the way in which the Commission exercises its powers to implement the changes.
The problem, however, is that we cannot overstep our authority because we absolutely cannot give the citizens false hopes that will inevitably be dashed.
The European Parliament, however, ladies and gentlemen, is not the Sanctuary of Lourdes, to which people can resort when all hope has run out everywhere else.
We should not, however, harbour any illusions about this: when debate turns to energy efficiency, it is often the case that people invoke a general consensus – one that I, however, do not believe actually exists.
I take the view, however, that the current proposal contains a combination of the two approaches – indicative as well as very realistic targets.
I am well aware, however, that current European reality has a somewhat bitter aftertaste – we are neither able or skilful enough to reach agreements, and we have no support for our work.
This is, however, a very difficult undertaking from both a political and a technical point of view.
I do not, however, believe that it is enough to harmonise the tax base.
I will, however, support a couple of group amendments to delete the last clause of recital I – regarding unfair tax competition – and paragraph 2, also regarding tax competition.
We reminded it of the solemn commitments made by the Heads of State or Government on issues such as Iraq, the tsunami, sugar and Afghanistan, to which Parliament intends to make its own contribution, without, however, sacrificing geographical programmes, humanitarian actions, essential initiatives on human rights and democracy, and inclusive development actions.
Our political project was rocked by blustery winds back in the 1980s as well; despite the impending storm, however, strong political leadership enabled us to weather the elements and emerge even stronger than before.
The Council should understand, however, that it cannot offer us a tiny little Europe; nor can it think that the European Parliament will settle for miserly compromises that mark the end of the European dream.
With the annual budget, however, we are making a positive response, and for that I am also grateful to Minister Lewis and Commissioner Grybauskaitė.
The Council did not see the need to propose these increases in its draft budget; however, the parliamentary delegation argued strongly that the six programmes concerned would be severely constrained without additional resources.
I should like, however, to return to a number of points close to our hearts, which relate to the implementation of the budget.
It is up to the Commission, however, to make sure that this political dimension is maintained when the budget is implemented.
There is no consensus that this is the case, however, just as there is no consensus on a budget that will ignore the needs of countries, especially the new Member States. Solidarity is a basic concern for these latter.
Let us not forget, however, that the Financial Framework for 2000-2006 provided for 1.08% of GNI for the following year, that Parliament’s proposal for the 2007-2013 Financial Framework provides for 1.0% and that the Commission is proposing around 1.14%.
Unfortunately, however, the best laid plans can run into trouble.
I would, however, also like to make some critical comments.
There are, however, some outstanding technical issues involved in drawing up the annexes and finalising our recitals that need to be resolved with the Austrian Presidency.
In this Parliament, however, it seems to be taboo to talk about certain subjects.
This falls short, however, of what is required in light of the seriousness of the social situation in various EU countries.
There is an increasingly widely held view, however, that there is much to be gained from such initiatives in terms of increased visibility for the cause in question.
We are, however, opposed to the attempt to use the EU’s Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument for strengthening and developing the common foreign and security policy.
UKIP take environmental issues very seriously, however, we cannot accept that the EU impose legislation on Member States and believe these decisions should be taken at national level.
We are not, however, in favour of individual amendments.
All of a sudden, however, new solutions are being proposed and collection targets being set that are much higher than before.
The final outcome will also carry a risk, however, if the comitology procedure does not adhere to reason and fairness as the guiding principle.
As various Member States have said, however, there is a need to ensure that the remit of such a procedure would not go beyond what is reasonable and feasible in terms of cooperation between sovereign Member States.
That has not applied in Mr Gollnisch’s case, however, probably not because of what he said but because of his political affiliation, which is disliked by someone who has forgotten that all of us in this House have equal dignity and equal rights.
In this case, the Green politicians of the country concerned have, however, appealed to me to vote in favour of such intervention, since their democracy is under threat.
This does not, however, mean that I want the conclusions to become legislation applicable throughout the EU.
. The EPLP welcomes the work of the Commission in this area however does not want to pre-empt the outcome of the EU Technical Working Group which has been set up to look at this issue by calling for any legislation in this field.
You cannot, however, expect me to be jumping for joy, since the line I take differs from the one you have just put forward.
We have not, however, managed to come to any agreement about the costs involved.
To tamper with freedoms and rights is, however, to give in to the attacks on the state governed by law and to depart from our values.
On the other hand, however, governments use people, or infringe upon their right to privacy, when combating terrorism.
Governments, however, have no right to use people’s privacy as a public affair.
I must express my disappointment, however, that we were forced to work within a severely truncated timeframe.
Today, however, he has come out in support of a solution that quite clearly curtails civil liberties.
At the same time, however, I have serious doubts about the interpretation of Article X of the Directive.
Since we are adopting joint regulations, however, we have a right to call for them to be interpreted similarly by all of the EU institutions.
At the same time, however, we should be wary of an attitude that was all too common in Communist times, namely that an office or agency should be set up every time a problem arises.
It is bad news, however, that the EU’s actions sometimes amount to a acceptance of double standards.
Within the EU, too, however, human rights violations continue to occur, particularly in the form of domestic violence, honour killings, polygamy and widespread discrimination against women, which we indirectly tolerate if we accept these as part of Islam in Europe.
Tunisia has not yet, however, signed the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Access to foreign television, however, is common, as most Tunisian households have access to satellite television.
There are, however, three new elements I should like to highlight.
As regards implementation, however, they have the opportunity of either going still further than this framework or – provided there is the necessary acceptance among stakeholders – doing so by means of controlled self-regulation.
Do you not believe, however, that the liberalisation of the railways, if an international passenger service is allowed to drop off and pick up passengers in two stations within a single Member State, could affect the economic balance and viability of the suburban railway network?
I would, however, like to point out that we all know the institutional framework which now governs relations between Turkey and the European Union.
The fact that we have come as far as we have, however, is due in large part to my colleague Mrs Wortmann-Kool.
At the same time, however, if we suffer a defeat on this matter, and if the Member States bail themselves out by using revenue from the Eurovignette to plug the holes in their budgets, the whole point of these new regulations will be undermined.
We now know, however, that the TEN budget will not be as much as the Commission is asking for to finance the large-scale projects.
It is also important, however, that the money generated from the infrastructure flows back into the infrastructure and is not just used for plugging budgetary holes.
In particular, however, the inclusion of external costs was much more important and indeed should have progressed faster.
At the same time, however, the directive is crucial as a source of funding for road construction.
I should like to remind Commissioner Barrot, however, that we must carry out a systematic impact assessment for this directive.
We do not want to be old, however, and certainly not to do without mobility.
In that case, however, the person concerned must be offered alternatives.
The conditions for winning a tender or obtaining support from the Commission are, however, very strict and, at least in a number of cases, it is difficult for the consumer organisations to meet the Commission’s requirements.
It should be understood, however, that a high level of consumer protection and an efficient market economy are not mutually exclusive but are, on the contrary, dependent on one another.
It is clear to all, however, that the crucial difference lies in the level of consumer culture between old and new Member States.
At the same time, however, the old Member States could learn a lot from the new Member States in this field.
It would obviously be inconceivable to sever these close links brutally under the pretext of reforming our sugar regime, however necessary it may be.
It will not be possible, however, to implement effectively all of the Commission’s well-intentioned proposals for the regional aid guidelines or the related recommendations from the European Parliament unless the procedures are simplified, which the Commission has to a large extent suggested as well.
The same Article must also, however, apply to regions affected by the statistical effect, as demanded in the Third Progress Report on economic and social cohesion, and it must continue to apply until the end of the programming period in 2013.
There have already been cases in every Member State, however, where the regions were glad to have the opportunity to provide State aid for investments, with the support of the European Union.
This technical terminology is misleading in the extreme, however, in that it covers enormous differences in the development levels of individual regions.
At the same time, however, Parliament cannot merely be a passive observer of developments in this field, given that it is working actively on a legislative package on cohesion policy.
The Treaty of the European Union acknowledges, however, that such aid is acceptable when it is intended to contribute towards the economic development of those regions in which the standard of living is well below the European average.
As the consensus on development shows, however, this is not the time for us to rest on our laurels: we must not only spend the money but also spend that money well.
In Parliament, however, I would like to make it very clear that we want to move forward with European integration.
I would plead in favour of one aspect, however: the funding for the EU programme to support peace in the north of Ireland.
What, however, has become of those promises now?
Now, however, we have reached a crossroads: we cannot pay for the costs of enlargement all by ourselves.
As I see it, however, the atmosphere is more reminiscent of winter, such as that experienced by the soldiers fighting at Stalingrad during the Second World War.
The film of the British Presidency, however, is a horror film that will end in disaster.
The need for agreement must not, however, be mistaken for a willingness to accept just any compromise.
It is preferable, however, to run that risk rather than permanently jeopardise the design for a strong, united Europe by agreeing to accept the 1% mini Europe.
What we cannot accept, however, is one country retaining benefits that no longer correspond at all to today’s economic and political context. This is all the more unacceptable when it is to the detriment of countries requiring aid to overcome the handicaps created by 50 years of Communist regime.
To date, the effectiveness and quality of the aid has not, however, been commensurate with its size.
Let me finish my contribution to today’s debate, however, by casting our minds back to July when we took over the Presidency.
It is not the only ‘item on the agenda’, however: the liberalisation of services and the so-called ‘fight against terrorism’ also feature.
The accumulated pressure of time does not, however, justify the ways in which some elements are attempting to proceed.
We knew, however, that a woman had been sentenced to death by stoning and that we were using the instrument of the law to ensure her freedom.
More importantly, however, it was necessary to engage with the fundamentalists.
We only need, however, to say that there is a dictatorship in Cuba too, and we receive tons of insulting letters from people finding excuses for that dictatorship.
When they are, however, being talked about, it is a question of abiding by one’s word and one’s commitments.
As one of the signatories to Amendment 41, however, I cannot consent to individual Member States offering different reimbursement to operators for any costs they have incurred as a result of retaining data, since this would violate the rules of the free market.
Such cooperation does not, however, require harmonisation at EU level for the purpose of retaining the huge quantity of information involved.
That does not, however, mean that we should give the green light to extensive data retention.
In the vote, this proposal was, however, rejected in favour of proposals that are too far-reaching.
That does not, however, mean that we should give the green light to the extensive and systematic retention of both telephone conversations and e-mails.
In the vote, this proposal was, however, rejected in favour of a proposal identical to that negotiated by the governments.
I do not, however, like the keenness of some people here for serious measures.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in view of the extremely serious matter raised by certain newspapers, and if what for now remains mere supposition or fantasy is actually confirmed, then I too consider that Parliament has a duty to play its part in shedding light on the matter and ensuring that there is complete transparency in the relations between the European Union and all non-EU countries. I believe, however, that it would have been more useful right now to spend our time debating more concrete facts.
At the same time, however, it is crucial that the work of this committee should not heighten anti-American sentiments in Europe, and that its conclusions and findings should not be taken as read.
I am afraid, however, that we should be listening to someone else’s words on the matter.
At the same time, however, universal values such as human rights must not be used as weapons in our political battles.
I do not believe, however, that it can be won unless it is fought on the basis of the rule of law and of human rights.
At the same time, however, the war on terror is being waged in defence of fundamental liberal and democratic values.
The European Union is not merely a club of this kind, however, but also a political community.
I should like to make it known, however, that I have grave doubts about whether it will be possible to fulfil both countries’ hopes of joining the European Union.
I am sad to see, however, that no progress has yet been made on the issue of the international adoptions that were pending at the time of the 2001 moratorium, despite Parliament’s repeated recommendations and the statements of willingness from the government in Bucharest.
With regard to future enlargement, however, the situation is unclear. This is also evident from the fact that the Committee on Foreign Affairs has not reached consensus on the report on enlargement strategy.
At the same time, however, I consider that Bulgaria needs help in filling the energy vacuum which will be created, help like that which is to be given to Slovakia, according to my sources, so that it can honour its commitments relating to nuclear energy.
A serious problem that remains unresolved, however, is that of the children who have already made contact with their potential new families, because of the new legislation that prohibits international adoptions.
In relation to the Canaries in particular, however, Parliament should be aware that the NUTS level 2 region of the Canaries will benefit from an additional envelope of EUR 100 million over the 2007-2013 period under the envisaged proposals.
The Council’s general opinion, however, remains clear on these issues.
In relation to the substantive point that he raises, however, this matter was addressed directly in the Commission monitoring report to which I referred.
I would have preferred, however, to receive a clearer response to the substance of my question, which related to the rules governing the sharing of quotas and closed seasons.
I would, however, refute the allegation that no action has been taken on the general issue of child welfare.
One problem has arisen in this regard, however, namely the Tractor Directive.
In the end, however, I withdrew my amendment to this effect in response to the serious concerns, most of which were voiced by the Commission, over the safety loopholes that could arise as a result.
At the same time, however, Parliament has made a considerable step forward from the original Common Position as far as the confidentiality of trade secrets is concerned, and in my opinion the same also applies to the scrapping of machinery.
In spite of this, however, our goal must be to draft legislative texts that the general public can understand, and indeed this is a cause that Mr Verheugen has made his own.
At the same time, however, it is also a sector that is of crucial importance to the EU economy, and one of the best-performing industrial sectors.
This directive is not only important for users, however, but also for millions of consumers, since it contains legal provisions that are of crucial significance for their health and safety.
At the same time, however, the Social Democrats also believed that confidentiality and trade secrets must not have a negative impact on personal health and safety.
At the same time, however, legal certainty also means that we must avoid a situation in which several different directives apply to one product.
The Commission will, however, ensure coherence of the common fisheries policy with environmental objectives.
As regards its national budget and financial administration, however, the third country is sovereign.
The committee has, however, tabled seven amendments to the proposal.
The choice, however, between a penal or administrative procedure lies with the Member State.
It is an unfortunate fact, however, that controls on fishing activities under the common fisheries policy are indispensable, as we have learnt from experience.
There is nothing new in that, however, and we should not be surprised at it.
If we add the contribution of shipowners through various elements, however, such as advances for licences, levies, taxes, provisions and the salaries of island seamen, this figure rises, as indicated in the Commission’s assessment report, Mrs Attwooll, to between EUR 17 and 20 million, since, furthermore, Victoria, which is the base port for the whole of the tuna fleet in the Indian Ocean, creates great wealth for the Seychelles.
I should like, however, to begin by expressing my thanks, because this job has been difficult but, at the same time, extremely satisfying.
In the vote on the budget, the Social Democrats have voted in favour of block 1, involving a strengthening of central budget headings for research, development etc. It must, however, be stated, that the Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament cannot support the EU’s contributing financially to the spread of nuclear power, either within or outside the Community.
Such reform has, however, already been decided on with the new Statute for Members.
The real plus point here, however, and the reason for my full support, has been the increased funding made available for a range of programmes that impact directly on the lives of Europe’s citizens, such as LIFE and SOCRATES.
The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament must, however, express regret about the fact that the agreement on the 2006 budget, entered into between the budget authorities, does not make it possible to increase the aid to the Sugar Protocol countries, as the proposed level of support has to be regarded as inadequate.
The change to the organisation of the market is, however, necessary and is in the long-term interests of all the parties.
In the longer term, the agreements lead, however, to the depletion of fish stocks and make it difficult for local fishing industries to develop.
The report as a whole emphasises, however, that the agreements are of benefit both to the EU and to third countries.
I also agree with the rapporteur, however, that a more stable solution needs to be found than the one in the Commission’s proposal, a solution that would preclude the need to use a range of provisional procedures that cause problems for Community operators and the fisheries sector in the third country.
We fully share the view that consumer protection is a significant issue. We are, however, critical of quite a few of the measures proposed in the report, for example the following:
This alone does not, however, lead us to change our minds and vote in favour.
The June List believes, however, that the EU should not concern itself with aid issues.
Various political groups are now, however, trying to play politics with this issue.
I would note, however, that in far too many countries in the world the demonstration on 4 December of tens of thousands of people in favour of such universal suffrage would not have been permitted.
This resolution achieved nothing, however, as Tenzin Delek Rinpoche is still being detained and tortured, in spite of his poor state of health.
To be fair, however, such a system is arguably better than the previous system whereby the ex-British colony was administered by a governor appointed by the Queen of England.
The Tibetans have not given up their peaceful fight for freedom, however, even though at least one fifth of the country’s inhabitants have died of hunger, been tortured to death or been executed.
The Government of the People’s Republic of China, however, even imposes strict controls on religious practices and places of worship.
I do not believe that the Council and the Commission are unaware of the principles of moral policy; however, these principles should not be sold for oil and gas.
Mr President, I hope that this empty Chamber does not reflect our lack of interest in what happens in Russia, however understandable the situation is here on a Thursday afternoon.
Is it not obvious, however, that Russia could resort to the same tactics it used on us in respect of the European Union if it experiences difficulties?
To do that, however, they need a national insurance number.
It is, however, the responsibility of the Member States to exercise powers over and above those possessed by the Union and to take the necessary measures to combat homophobia.
We will not succeed in doing so, however, unless we manage to draw a line between protection of the right to sexual privacy, and violation of the right to displays of this sexuality.
I should, however, like to clarify a few points.
In that communication to the European Parliament, however, we were duty-bound to point out what everyone knows, which is that when the Commission puts forward a proposal based on Article 13, that proposal must, by law – according to the Treaties and not according to our interpretation – be adopted unanimously by the Council.
There is, however, no unanimity within the Council as yet, although I hope there will be.
It is precisely to strengthen Europe’s powers, however, that this Commission and I myself have once again proposed that a European agency for the protection of fundamental rights should be set up.
That, however, is just one of the tools available.
Given that the aim is a fair one, however, I believe we should reflect on a regional dimension to the area of rights and duties.
The question at issue was, however, whether EU citizens actually enjoy, to the degree originally envisaged, the rights that they are accorded by law.
I am not, however, in favour of the clients being criminalised across the board, and I have, in this report, endeavoured to avoid focusing on national legislation on prostitution and thereby sacrificing a global problem to national differences.
We also, however, have the World Cup football to look forward to, and that will prove to be another test.
I am not offended by the fact that prostitution exists, and I do not deny that it satisfies a great deal of its consumers, but I do, however, take a firm stance against this attack on a person’s integrity.
In my view, however, it is also important to monitor the actual implementation of these conventions.
Following Seattle and Cancun, however, a new setback would have opened the door to a proliferation of even more unbalanced bilateral agreements between the North and the South.
We know, however, that the problem will be the 3% of products that will not be allowed to freely access Northern hemisphere markets.
It is the state of the West as a whole, however, that must force us to rethink the situation in a thoroughly new way if we do not want the round to collapse under the blows of growing worldwide disorder, which we are already witnessing.
From where I am standing, however, the EU behaved almost worse than the United States.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Sixth WTO Ministerial Conference in Hong Kong addressed quite a number of important global trade-related issues; however, the results offer no reason for celebration.
More is, however, expected of us than of the other industrial states.
We should also bear in mind, however, the rapid development of China and India, for instance, which are home to a third of the world’s population and where it is essential to find a balance between the needs of development and environmental protection.
This objective has, however, been completely lost sight of in the debate.
I do know, however, that Mr Barrot is not particularly happy with this dossier either, and my comments are therefore not meant for him personally, but they need expressing nevertheless.
This proposal, however, is not equal to the task of standing up to existing problems without imposing excessively administrative and organisational burdens.
It does strike me, however, that this proposal needs to be looked at again, in light of the conditions under which it has been presented by the Commission.
This proposal for a directive, however, has been framed in a similar way to the one that was rejected in the House in November 2003, and does not take account of Parliament’s recommendations.
As I see it, however, it is intolerable that what amounts to a threat should be used against a sovereign state and that one obstacle should effectively be removed in order to make way for another that in my opinion is much more serious.
I would, however, like to stress certain aspects that are of concern to us; mainly the delay in the agreement with the United States.
As the rapporteur rightly points out, on the one hand we have the process of developing, modernising and liberalising Chinese civil aviation, which is well under way; on the other hand, however, in the case of Russia, problems persist, mainly as regards the point that, contrary to competition law, all efforts to manage and control air traffic are being used in an effort to subsidise Russian airlines.
We, for our part, believe, however, that citizenship is one of the cornerstones of the sovereignty of nation states and that each Member State must be free to make its own decisions about granting citizenship.
The issue of citizenship of the Member States is, however, exclusively an issue for the countries concerned, applying their own legislation.
I should like to point out, however, that it does not fall within Parliament’s scope – or that of any other European institution, for that matter – to hold this debate in the first place.
It is not, however, defensible for the EU to use this as a lever for developing its ambitions to take control of the Member States' democratic structures and so increase its powers.
Basically, the report attempts to introduce through the back door aspects of the reactionary European Constitution rejected by the peoples of the ΕU, such as the taxation of European citizens directly by the ΕU, the strengthening of European parties, supranational ballot papers and so forth. The Euro-lust dominating the report is such that it goes as far – and this is unprecedented anywhere in the world – as establishing the right to acquire non-existent 'European' citizenship of persons who have been residents 'over a long period of time' and who will, however, be deprived of citizenship and rights in the countries in which they reside.
We are, however, opposed to proposals in the report that interfere in the Member States’ areas of competence, for example that of how the police are organised.
The June List believes, however, that, on these issues too, each Member State must itself be permitted to choose its method and way of working.
It is not enough to be firm in protest, however; we must also be resolute and proactive in deed.
Criminalising this type of crime at EU level might, however, lead to penalties not adapted to the national systems’ internal logic and might also lead to a ban on criminalising those who buy sex.
It has become clear in the various discussions in committee, however, that this strategy cannot develop without agreements with the USA, the Russian Federation and China.
The Austrian view, however, is that the use of nuclear energy is not an option.
Regulation, too, however, to avoid the disastrous consequences of a totally deregulated sugar market.
Although this sugar reform is vital, however, the question here is also how this process is to be undertaken and how farmers will experience it in the different Member States, and especially whether farmers in the Member States will think that they are being treated fairly in this respect.
Free trade devotees tell us, however, that European sugar has created economic diabetes among the poor countries.
What is needed, however, is better enforcement of the Directive’s implementation in practice, and I have outlined some of the measures that the Commission has already taken to this end.
They should, however, unfailingly uphold the principle that the economic freedoms enshrined in the Treaty can be combined with the various social models.
In principle, these latter should not call any Member State’s social model per se into question They should, however, unfailingly uphold the principle that the economic freedoms enshrined in the Treaty can be combined with the various social models.
I do, however, have a question, or rather a request and a proposal, for the European Commission.
She should understand our point of view, however, and pay due attention to it.
Rather than being the end of the road, however, this moment marks the start of a process of development in the sector.
Despite these new objectives, however, the reform proposed by the Commission would cause serious problems for Europe’s farmers, not least the swingeing reduction in the price of sugar.
The outcome that has been achieved is, however, positive and moderately satisfying.
I have certain reservations about the report we are discussing today, however, since it calls for a smaller reduction in the price of sugar than that to which the Member States agreed in December.
To this end, however, the European Commission must not use any excuse it likes to ignore the opinion of Parliament, as it has done on this occasion.
As a politician, I am not, however, prepared to delegate in this way the power democratically bestowed on me and controlled by the people, and I hope that tomorrow this matter will be put right in the plenary vote.
The position of Parliament’s Committee on the Environment now means, however, that any NGO within the EU can evade this provision by requesting an internal review, which the Community institution must reply to with a formal decision.
Now, however, we would be placing NGOs above the people and that is difficult for me to accept.
In fact, however, that is all I want from the environmental organisations.
The Council’s common position does not, however, give the NGOs such access.
The environmental organisations too need, however, to be able to take action when EU laws are broken.
I should like to add, however, that I consider it absolutely indispensable that non-governmental organisations be given access to justice in the environmental field at European level, so that, if necessary, the practical transposition of European legislation can be examined on site.
This does not mean, however, drafting a lawyers’ charter, which is what we are in danger of doing.
It is important to realise, however, that the environmental costs of rehabilitating the land would be part of companies’ production costs and that this is only right.
It is important to realise, however, that under the EU’s other environmental legislation, above all the Framework Water Directive, there is an absolute obligation to deal with those cases in which historic waste is seen to lead to water status deterioration.
We have, however, taken a step in the right direction.
It must be mentioned, however, that even drinking water is not completely free from germs, but only low in germs, and that many germs – albeit of varying pathogenicity – are present throughout our daily lives.
It is also important to point out, however, that, by reducing the number of categories of polluter from 19 to just 2, we have found a solution that also serves the objectives of better lawmaking and less-bureaucratic regulation.
We can, however, set an example, and we can verify the Member States’ fulfilment of their voluntary commitments.
Our prosperity will ultimately count for nothing, however, if it is not rooted in democracy.
Before I proceed, however, there is something I have to comment upon.
The European Parliament, however, must add the next part of the stanza: ‘But better ones are needed ere your victory’s conceded, for well I know what’s what’.
This new approach, however, also demands mutual respect and willingness to engage in dialogue, trust each other and make compromises.
When it comes to conveying to their own population, however, why steps towards enlargement are needed and what there is to be gained from enlargement, they have very little to say.
This , however, cannot obscure the reality that Europe is in crisis.
I believe, however, that you have a far more basic task to undertake, namely to rediscover the European identity.
We should like first and foremost, however, to have a larger and more flexible framework, and both of you have of course shown today that we shall need such a framework.
As Europeans, however, I believe we, all of us, should consider what this Europe is actually worth to us.
It is inconsistency, however, and those declarations that are sometimes heard even here in Parliament but are not confirmed by events, which are today the main reasons for the gap between Europe and its institutions and Europe’s citizens.
It appears, however, that some countries are finding it difficult to uphold the full range of freedoms on which the EU was initially based.
We must be clear on this subject, however: we have priorities.
With the procedure you are now proposing, this majority in favour of rejection will, however, be hidden in an attempt to have the matter referred back to committee.
We cannot, however, support the wording on an improved European dimension to the EU’s agricultural policy.
We note with concern, however, the call for the Committee on Budgets to negotiate on the basis of the European Parliament's position of 8 June 2005 which, if agreed, would increase the commitment appropriations by EUR 112 474 billion over the period.
The Council has, however, taken a reprehensibly long time, and I do not wish to delay this process any further.
Parliament has every right, however, to seek to start the process of fine-tuning that agreement.
I believe, however, that it is unwise of the European Parliament to reject the proposal, and I have therefore chosen to abstain from voting.
There is, however, no reason to adopt this text today. It is a text that seriously threatens people’s safety and jobs.
We must remain alive, however, to any fresh attempts at EU level to table again a proposal that has now been rejected twice.
Does that mean, however, that other persecutions were perhaps less serious?
In this resolution, however, there is a range of proposals which I believe go beyond what I feel should be Parliament’s scope and which, to my mind, impinge upon what should be the scope of individual countries.
Will it be a matter of political pride, however, if we are unable to admit such a thing?
The June List would, however, reiterate the position it put forward earlier, namely that the European Parliament should not take over the Member States’ foreign policies by calling on third countries that have not yet ratified the Kyoto Protocol to do so.
We presume, however, that agreements entered into will be observed by all the parties.
Maintaining the Constitution, however, will not be possible without French and Dutch support with, if necessary, additional clarifications and measures.
Where agricultural policy is concerned, however, the Council of Agriculture Ministers can still disregard the opinions of the European Parliament, since the codecision procedure is not, under the current Treaty, applicable to the common agricultural policy.
Two things are missing in the report, however, and we hope to be able to introduce them with the vote in this House.
For this to happen, however, the right conditions need to be in place.
At the same time, however, we must create the conditions for citizens to become better informed; we must eliminate the complex nature of European legislation and restrict the number of debates taking place behind closed doors.
The EU’s power-wielding elite talks shamelessly, however, about difficult setbacks that made their presence felt last year.
Some, however, attach greater weight to percentages in surveys than to the procedures required by constitutional law.
To the statement made today to the effect that the public are not interested in any debate about institutions, I would counter that this Europe of ours does, however, need the institutions and institutional structures that will enable it to do what its citizens expect of it.
The situation is very uncertain, however, and an enormous amount remains to be done.
I have to say, however, that some people insist on interfering and criticising, and that double standards are often used in assessing similar situations in different parts of the world.
It is only right to remember, however, that a different kind of Russia exists as well. The latter is a country of human rights’ defenders and of politicians ready to face up to the authoritarian political system.
I would like to emphasise that this is equally important for Eastern Europe and for the Mediterranean. In individual cases, however, we may use different methods and arenas to achieve the goals of the neighbourhood policy.
This does not, however, mean that every country automatically has the prospect of accession, as the French Prime Minister, Mr De Villepin, said today in his speech in Berlin.
All that, however, provides further support for this policy.
It also ought to apply to Russia, however, because there has been a notable drop in compliance with democratic standards in that country during the actual period of implementation of partnership agreements.
What is important, however, is to leave the door open to enable European countries to apply for membership pursuant to the treaties.
I find it regrettable, however, that a text with as general and broad a political focus as this one makes no reference to cooperation.
As the author of the report states with good reason, however, the EU neighbourhood policy ought to be made more effective through increased precision in the criteria for its objectives, priorities and evaluation.
The report, however, mentions the judicious and effective use of the neighbourhood policy’s resources.
A closer European neighbourhood policy, however, also involves promoting reforms geared towards democracy, respect for human rights and the market economy.
Despite this disappointment, however, we must look to the future and to the Union’s strategic imperatives.
In that case, it must, however, offer an attractive alternative.
It is, however, necessary to oversee compliance with other important provisions of the agreements, dealing with respect for human rights.
The conditions under which he has worked have not, however, always been easy, for the European neighbourhood policy now extends to include, on the one hand, European countries that are entitled to apply for membership and that may become EU Member States and, on the other hand, non-European countries that cannot become EU Member States.
On the other hand, however, the EU often seems unaware that it should not claim the right to dictate to neighbouring countries what they should and should not do, on the grounds that it is providing them with financial support, and I am not afraid to say this.
It is very difficult, however strong our view about good relations may be, if not only Member State frontiers but our own EU borders are not recognised by a neighbour.
We must simply distinguish here, however, between those for whom this policy represents the prospect of European membership, on the one hand, and those with whom we wish to have permanent associations as neighbours, such as the countries of the southern and eastern Mediterranean, on the other.
We should not lose sight of the realities of the situation, however, or a rude awakening is in store, something of which we saw chilling signs this winter in the form of the situation between Russia and Ukraine.
It is, however, regrettable that this year's annual monitoring report does not really make it possible to assess the progress made.
This, however, is not enough to significantly improve the situation in this sphere.
The objective, however, is not just for SMEs to struggle on, but rather for them to be able to prosper and grow strong.
There has also been criticism of the Charter from many quarters, however, on the grounds that it contains too many non-binding appeals.
I do feel somewhat uneasy, however, that the Committee on Legal Affairs, which is responsible for the mandate of Members, could not be consulted on this text.
Sometimes, however, Members’ rights do conflict with provisions in the Rules of Procedure.
I would ask, however, that, in the event of future discussions that venture beyond merely organisational procedures, where the mandate could even theoretically be affected, the Legal Affairs Committee be included in the consultation process.
Today, however, we welcome the return of Europe in a different guise.
The hope could be dashed very quickly, however, because events on the ground do not give much cause for optimism.
We all know, however, that the main problem in the Middle East today is neither Palestine nor Syria, but Iran.
It is the only plan there is, however, and it has won over many Israelis, because it was the first to marry the absolute imperative of security with the prospect of peace.
This, however, is where the West’s double standards really come into their own.
We also need to ensure, however, that the results of such democratic elections are accepted by all sides, even if the election winners include political forces – such as Hamas – that we perhaps do not like so much.
If the EU is to be able to play such a valuable role as mediator in this very problematical geopolitical area, however, it must not become a front-line state or party to the conflict itself.
We must also point out, however, that a lot of things need to be put under the microscope, such as social security and pension systems in the Member States, which are biased in favour of the childless and discriminate against families with children.
I still entertain the hope that the report will not be put on the shelf, however, and my hope has been strengthened by the Austrian presidency, which includes women’s health among its priorities.
We must ensure, however, that monitoring and enforcement procedures are included within the Convention.
As I now speak in this Parliament, however, another display is boasting the supposed merits of Chinese Maoist democracy, where even today there are still tens of millions of prisoners in labour camps, held because of their beliefs, and where the communist totalitarian ideology that still holds sway has committed its worst atrocities!
In order to make it fair and effective, however, the reform needs to strike a balance between:
Despite these noble objectives, however, the reform proposed by the Commission would cause serious problems for Europe’s farmers, not least the swingeing reduction in the price of sugar.
This reform, however, would cause serious problems for Europe’s farmers, not least the swingeing reduction in the price of sugar.
These principles, however, have yet to be anything more than good intentions.
Clearly, however, the disabled do have the potential to be actively involved in developing their countries.
It is also important, however, for the Egyptian authorities to release all of the people still being detained, to cease all expulsions and to allow the representatives of the HCR free access so that they can look into the refugees’ demands.
In contrast, however, free trade has to be retained.
At the same time, however, it is of course intolerable that basic procedures should be disregarded when members of the Cambodian Parliament are sentenced to several years in prison.
Cohesion cannot, however, be achieved entirely through common institutions.
In the same spirit, however, I ask you: do you have no objections to make to Israel, which has never accepted the idea of operating within the roadmap?
Unfortunately, however, the report by Mr Brok shows up too many still unresolved deficiencies and problems with the CFSP.
At the same time, however, we are getting explicit requests for more Europe from various parts of the world.
I should also like to say, however, that we were the only mission to meet candidates from the ‘Change and Reform’ party and that history proves us right to have done so, since 44% of the Palestinian population voted in favour of them.
It must, however, be combined with a message pointing out that our support is conditional upon the end of violence, violent resistance and terrorism.
For me as a woman, the Hamas victory is a terrible outcome; I see it almost certainly, however, as a protest vote against al-Fatah, which held sway over Palestinian society for many years but was unable to keep its promises, and also against corruption, although that is a somewhat demagogical issue.
That dialogue must also, however, put an end to the totalitarian regime and the blockade on economic reforms.
I think, however, that the Council conclusions are an important step towards reaching this goal.
When strategies for reducing alcohol-related harm in society are reviewed, account must definitely be taken, however, of the effect that alcohol has in triggering men’s violence against women.
The time for rhetoric and condemnation, however, is far behind us.
I must warn, however, that women are disadvantaged not only in terms of salary, but are also often the victims of discrimination; employers are often insensitive towards pregnant women, for example.
At the same time, however, the post should not remain simply an industry for the maintenance of the universal service.
As a social democrat, however, my benchmark in such cases is precisely those people who are not average, because they are disabled, because they are elderly, or because, for whatever reason, they are taking the various opportunities that are available in the Member States and are provided by companies.
As has been pointed out, however, the regulations are, in this case, unnecessary, and we shall therefore vote against the report.
Can one seriously claim, however, that the liberal objectives fully embraced by Mr Barroso’s team do not have some bearing on everything that is – rightly – worrying EU citizens?
I can, however, assure you that the Commission will do everything in its power to ensure that the working time directive is applied in full.
The driver’s working time does, however, include all his other duties, such as loading and unloading, repairs, filling in forms, all of which are tiring and therefore have a direct effect on safety on the road.
We have, however, been more sceptical about significant changes to the rules themselves, where driving and resting times are concerned.
With the conciliation now arrived at between Parliament and the Council, I believe, however, that we have found a sensible balance, and we in the ALDE Group are able to support the conciliation.
In return, however, the rules will be relaxed at other points, granting, for example, more flexible rules in connection with ferry services.
I am convinced, however, that the present agreements will contribute in a positive way to a healthy and stable sector; after all, all parties involved stand to benefit from them.
I understand Mr Markov's frustration, however, because it has not been possible to use this legislation as a lever to make progress on working time.
The changes made by the European Parliament’s Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection to the Commission’s draft legislation laying down rules on nominal quantities for pre-packed products would not, however, bring about such a situation.
Certain sectors will continue, however, to be subject to the existing regulation based on total harmonisation.
Hamas is, however, a movement that has not yet renounced violence, while the Palestinian people need help from Europe – including financial aid – more than ever.
It is not, however, the EU’s task to define which measures should be taken in the Member States or by other actors in society.
New legislation, however, appears to reflect a trend towards new restrictions.
I also believe, however, that foreign policy is a national matter and that multilateral channels, such as the UN, are the only acceptable alternative for influencing countries not in the immediate vicinity of the EU.
Given that the current situation may result in discrimination among fishermen operating in other waters, however, we believe that there must be effective decentralisation and that the main stakeholders, namely the fishermen and their representative bodies, must be involved in management decisions, given that practical measures must reflect the specific realities of each fishing area or region.
Over and above the national positions, however, it is undoubtedly from Europe that the steel workers are awaiting some action. This action will hinge on the implementation of an ambitious European industrial policy endowed with sufficient financial resources and based on a budget priority that is clearly focused on research and development and on innovation.
Consequently, it may, if you look at it superficially, appear to be a cost for entrepreneurs, for producers, for farmers; however, in actual fact, it is a benefit which will result in savings and will bring producers financial benefits.
It is particularly important that they should not bear the entire cost; however, European consumers are prepared to pay more if they know that certain products have been produced on the basis of policies for the welfare and proper handling of animals.
I do believe, however, that Amendment 42 responds to a highly justified political concern, extending minimum standards applied in the European Union to imports from third countries.
Let us return, however, to stocking density, which is the main criterion at stake.
In producing this legislation, however, we must keep our feet on the ground.
Today however, poultry farmers are facing a new threat after the bird flu: the current regulation.
There will, however, be increased resources for innovation, a cleaner environment and thriving regions.
At the same time, however, we have always seen that individuals face further and yet further changes with fear and reservation.
On the other side of that coin, however, are higher production costs and lower competitiveness in a number of sectors that are coming under global pressure, especially from Asian economies unfamiliar with these standards.
Clearly, however, SOLVIT needs more resources and support, and needs to promote itself and its availability to the public.
I would refer by way of example to the example of the petition on dismissals from the SY.EL.AE fertiliser factory, a matter on which the drafting of a report was requested but which was never drafted, however, on the grounds that proceedings were pending.
I have to say, however, that he produced good work despite, rather than because of, the help of his own group.
I should like to begin by saying that I am, of course, in favour of this proposed legislation. I am disappointed, however, with the outcome of the conciliation process, and in particular the role played by Parliament.
For its part, the Commission would sometimes like to see a more robust use of these clauses but the solution is not, however, to include more clauses in the agreement.
If the truth be told, however, in many cases human rights clauses in EU agreements with third countries have not been worth the paper they were written on.
In essence, however, the report aims to do two things.
Otherwise, however strong the clauses are, they will, unfortunately, remain inactive.
Despite the frequent positive experiences, however, I feel it is necessary to consider how we might improve or perfect the clause.
This aim will not be achieved, however, if international agreements continue to focus exclusively on economic and political issues.
In no way, however, is it possible to equate local border areas with ethnic boundaries.
On a practical level, however, I am convinced it will bring an end to queues at consulates in countries that issued visas.
The fact that the subsidies accorded by at least some Member States are dependent on their own budgets has, however, meant that development has not been really continuous but has been on a stop-start basis.
They will only really take this on board, however, when renewables become more advantageous for them.
Speaking as an MEP from the Czech Republic, however, I must state that the position of renewables on the market weakened after accession to the EU because the mandatory bracketing of, for example, briquettes and pellets made from biomass into higher VAT bands led to a sharp decline in a market that had been showing promising signs of development.
A number of amendments to be voted on were, however, rather too detailed for elected political representatives to adopt positions on.
We are not, however, in favour of setting up a globalisation fund, because the consequences of globalisation are best dealt with by means of a dynamic market economy.
I must point out to the Commission, however, that protection for minority rights must be assured by more than just bilateral relations.
I am deeply disappointed, however, that a clause as fundamental as this one remains absent from the agreements on textiles.
We also, however, have to give them the leadership that will restore their hope and confidence and give our great European project a future.
It is equally vital, however, that a services directive must be adopted so that we can create a true internal market in services within the European Union.
It is not, however, of crucial importance to the big global players or in terms of shareholder value, and on that point I would refer back to what was said by President Barroso and by Mr Watson.
In its proposed form, however, this proposed directive leads to many risks, many of which have already been mentioned.
Listening to some of the speeches, however, it is clear that few people have actually read the initial text.
I am sure, however, that we will be able to achieve a strong consensus with regard to this issue. It would be good for the European internal market.
I do believe, however, and everyone must be convinced of this, that we have committed ourselves to the internal market as one of the instruments of European Union, and we must progressively make that internal market reality.
Both sides will have to demonstrate their good will in this process, however, if a solution is to be reached that is acceptable to both sides.
For the present, however, the process must be continued coherently and we must be prepared for all eventualities.
You will understand, however, that I cannot at this present time comment on the precise state of the necessary clarifications between Council and Commission, wherever the dossier is at this stage.
We should not deceive ourselves, however: it may make it possible to reduce the rate of increase in dependence on fossil fuels, but only the rate of increase, not the rate of dependence.
In the matter of gas, however, we should not forget liquefied natural gas, either; apart from a few southern Member States, Europe has not set much store by it up until now.
At the same time, however, we are also aware that energy prices have an effect on competitiveness and thus on employment.
In view of the fact that the matter is very technically complex, however, we still need to examine how far this work will have got by the time the Council meets in June.
The compromise proposed to you, however, constitutes a barrier to social dumping, is based on subsidiarity and adopts a sensible and restrictive approach to implementing the freedom to provide services.
Is that a good enough reason, however, to accept this compromise?
It now seems, however, as if that compromise is on the way out, in which case that is a state of affairs we cannot but welcome.
We shall fail to live up to these expectations, however, if we do not find the courage to create a genuinely common market that would allow all European firms a chance to grow, regardless of where their headquarters are located.
Further changes to the text, however, will mean shying away from the challenges facing Europe.
I do not, however, see any reason to include exemptions from the scope of the directive when they are unjustified and have no clear legal basis.
If we take Great Britain and Ireland as examples, however, it can be seen that opening up labour markets to Poland and to the other new Member States is beneficial to national economies.
In relation to services, however, we have had over 50 years of Member State protectionism and restrictive practices, from complicated bureaucratic hurdles and time delays to financial penalties to obscure qualification requirements.
If they are, however, opened up in that way, so too should the whole of the internal market be.
The initial proposals of the Bolkestein directive were, however, contradictory and, in many respects, ambiguous and wrong.
This is not a compromise, however, so much as a castration of the entire Directive.
I have to say, however, that, at this point, I have my doubts as to whether the compromise texts that have been agreed meet the requirements of clarity and legal certainty.
I believe, however, that Parliament is currently on the point of presenting a genuine directive on the liberalisation of services.
There are still some unresolved issues, however, including services of general economic interest, which I hope will find a solution during the final vote, on the basis of the amendments that have been tabled.
In the two-speed Europe that is now emerging, they must, however, develop ways of responding swiftly to the tactical coalitions against them that are arising more and more frequently.
On the basis of the debate in this Chamber, it would seem, however, as if many have forgotten this.
If Parliament adopts the directive by a large majority, however, the political signal it sends out will be even more significant, since it will once again confirm the role that we play in the legislative process as mediators between the bureaucracy of Europe and the individuality of each of the Member States.
The Commission, however, also looked at ways in which existing aid arrangements could be modified and complemented so as to deliver resources in more predictable ways.
I would stress, however, that the new finances must be genuinely new: in other words, additional to, and not a substitute for, existing development budgets.
At the same time, however, the exercise of the right of free expression, as of any right, entails a great deal of responsibility, on the part of both individuals and institutions.
The Court has also stated, however, that this freedom of expression must of course be subject to limits; that is, where the feelings – particularly religious feelings – of others could be offended.
One thing is crystal clear to us, however, and this forms our guiding principle.
It is also important to emphasise, however, that the European Union stands for the opposite of xenophobia and intolerance.
Freedom of expression does not, however, exist in a vacuum.
It is, however, a right that must be neither called into question nor compromised.
Subsequent action should then be decided there, however, rather than by just any central government.
I would also say, however, in view of the difficult negotiations over recent days, that the military option has been discussed, and I ask those who have this in the back of their minds to think it through.
This strategy should, however, also include preparing possible sanctions decided on in the UN Security Council.
We should provide an opportunity, we should talk, however much the other side digs its heels in.
It is obvious, however, that tensions between Iran and the international community have only increased.
How is that possible, however, with talk of military options on both sides?
We must, however, be clear, firm and principled in our attitude towards totalitarian regimes.
I am, however, convinced that the potential for dialogue and for a diplomatic solution has not been entirely exhausted.
I should like to emphasise once more, however, something that has been mentioned by many speakers in this House: that the EU remains committed to a diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear issue within a multilateral framework, in particular within the framework of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
It must be made quite clear, however, that we must not allow this dialogue to be abused, and so we have to be very careful in our choice of dialogue partners.
The issue is not, however, one for the European Parliament to deal with.
At the same time, however, Annex 4 to the agreement stated that the country should consist of two parts: a federation between Bosnians and Croats, and a Serbian part called Republica Srpska.
I would however like to point out that in my opinion the strengthening of central authority in Bosnia is crucially important to its future.
I want, however, to make a special plea for Belarus not to be forgotten after the election.
By stimulating that at European Union level, however, we help this process go faster.
Nevertheless, the contract provides that however much the coverage or the languages increased during the life of the contract, the EU programmes would be included.
As you have noticed, however, the subject of risk and crisis management is really very complex, notably because the purpose is to adapt to a changing international trade context in respect of WTO rules.
We consider that the insurance system, however it works, will have its pros and cons, but we consider that the participation of the European Union in financing is very, very small and I think that we should be more generous on this point.
I do not, however, think that the Commission has shown a sufficient sense of urgency about coming up with proposals for eliminating or reducing risks and for averting crises and outbreaks of disease that we could well do without.
Even if we accept that measures need to be introduced which will cover all the losses caused to farmers' income by various natural disasters and commercial crises, we cannot, however, agree with these proposals, which create an additional burden on small- and medium-sized farms; instead of improving their income, in our opinion they reduce it.
It falls short, however, of what is actually needed.
I wish, however, to reassure those who fear such a development.
That does not, however, mean that the EU does not have any responsibility for forestry.
We in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety find, however, that coordination between the various proposals affecting our forests is almost non-existent.
As the Commission points out, EU forestry does, however, have problems being competitive in the global, open market, and that is something that has a price in terms of environmental value.
I would also like to say, however, that for a long time we Spanish Members of Parliament and many Members from countries of the South have been calling for a common forest policy to serve as an instrument for managing this heritage, which benefits the whole of the Union.
The EU, however, has no common forestry plan, although many areas of policy, such as rural development and environmental policy, impact greatly on this sector.
The Treaty establishing European Union does not, however, lay down a legal basis for a common forestry policy.
All this, however, requires new research and knowledge.
In order for the strategy to be effective, however, it must also comply with the financial instruments of the EU.
These regions, however, lag behind others when certain indicators are applied.
The budget cuts proposed for the CAP in the Financial Perspective, however, are causing justifiable concern over the real benefits of rural development.
There are also risks, however, arising from the restrictive nature of ongoing reforms, as was the case for sugar reform, as well as other reforms that are in the pipeline.
The identification of priority actions to be undertaken must not, however, result in an inflexible programming exercise and in a restriction for the Member States.
These conditions should not, however, encourage migration from cities to the countryside.
They lag behind, however, when it comes to socio-economic indicators; income per inhabitant is around a third less, the service sector is less developed and higher education levels tend to be lower.
I should also, however, like to ask you and the services to approach the Council to ensure that this commemorative day be accorded greater prominence and dignity in all EU Member States.
I would, however, like to report an important and worrying issue.
It should also apply, however, to circles involved with media propaganda.
There is, however, no such thing as voluntary prostitution.
Above all, however, there are clear links between prostitution and the fact that women have, in the past, been exposed to physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
Mr Frattini, however strong our protests may be, they are not enough, and you have understood that.
The unfortunate victim of the rape did not, however, receive any kind of compensation or psychological support even though this could have been made available to her.
Of course we cannot intervene in decisions by companies or undertakings in their work; however, we are resolved to combat the social consequences of such decisions.
This measure, crucial as it is, will not, however, be any more adequate than was the creation, on 1 March, of a European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
Put in plain terms, that means that the consistent way to put the proposal made by the Commission with reference to the Structural Funds is to specify that companies that fail to comply with the conditions attached to public aid, should be required to repay it, without, however, being allowed under any circumstances to receive public subsidy for the new locations and to be barred from support from structural funds or in the form of State aid for a period of at least five years – although seven would be better – from the date of relocation.
Let us not forget, however, that we would not have to worry about this problem if all EU principles, including the free movement of services and labour, were being upheld.
The solution, however, is not to tighten the conditions for granting aid to businesses or to tie aid to the place in which the company operates.
It is, however, no less clear that we cannot subsidise things that were decided long ago as a matter of business policy.
Whatever prevention strategies are put in place and however much is invested, it is unrealistic to think that these disasters can be eliminated.
It must however be pointed out that the way things stand, they still constitute a minority of the old Fifteen.
The conflict was not, however, between left-wing and right-wing forces, and the old Member States quickly found a compromise among themselves: some defended their large companies, while others protected their trade unions.
The free movement of workers, however, is definitely not, and cannot be, the source of these problems.
These states, however, should take every measure to tackle the true causes of their economic problems.
It is, however, usually the case that the new jobs are not the same as the jobs that have been lost.
The issue is, however, one of how, then, we are to implement the restructuring.
I do, however, doubt that the report’s underlying goal – that of lessening the social impact of restructuring – is actually capable of being achieved.
Various measures concerning restructuring that are mentioned in Parliament’s report, however, unfortunately go in precisely this direction and could make it difficult for businesses to adapt to changes in the markets.
Later in the report, however, it is suggested that restructuring should not be used to increase business profitability by reducing the numbers of workers.
The Commission’s reports for the years 2005 and 2006 on gender equality show, however, that progress has been slow in this area.
If Slovenia is chosen, this will be an encouraging decision, for while on the one hand we have been particularly successful in our transition, the data do indicate, however, that men have enjoyed greater success than women.
The Gender Institute is not, however, a substitute for legislative initiative.
I would, however, like to remind the House that almost 70 million of the 450 million inhabitants of the European Union are living in poverty.
Common sense tells us, however, that this is not at all a straightforward matter.
The Gender Equality Institute could, however, have an influence on this situation.
We also wish to stress that this Institute must not solely be involved in studies, analyses and the preparation of statistics, however important this activity may be.
This does not, however, mean that the EU should set up another bureaucracy for the purpose.
This House has, however, for practical and financial reasons, and as recently as last year, recommended that the Institute for Gender Equality should form part of the European Human Rights Agency.
It does not, however, address the issue of prevention.
Instead of changing these policies, as they ought to do, these countries want, however, to export them, together with their consequences, to all the EU countries.
Now, only an exceedingly small proportion of the fund will probably be used for these purposes, however, and so the proposal is still acceptable.
We do not, however, believe that all relocation is wrong as a matter of course.
We should, however, have liked to have formulated the problems relating to this issue differently.
We do hope, however, that what has been adopted will at least be implemented.
I do not feel, however, that some forms of relocation are avoidable.
On the other hand, however, research gives rise in all fields of human endeavour to demand for information and communications technology.
In my capacity as Chairman of the Committee on International Trade, however, I would like to make a few comments on the basis of an initial premise, and that is the need to respect the rules that we have laid down within the framework of the WTO, both inside and outside the Community.
As you know, everybody has their arguments in these cases; however, it is inconceivable that the entire European industry should move out.
Good intentions are not, however, enough for Parliament; we call for information on specific points.
At the same time, however, the Commission must commit itself to detecting and combating glaring examples of unfair competition, which is exacerbating an already problematic situation.
I am worried, however, about the gradual entry into force of these antidumping laws over a five-month period, a precedent that I feel is inappropriate and legally questionable and will not be without pernicious effects.
I believe, however, that the measures put forward are still totally inadequate given the severity of the issue.
In this instance, however, it appears that there has been a well-documented case of dumping and injury to the European industry.
It must be said, however, that the application of the European Arrest Warrant has hit several stumbling blocks.
It would, however, be a mistake to think about distorting national constitutions in order to make the arrest warrant work.
It would, however, be undesirable, for criminal law to be harmonised surreptitiously on the back of this decision.
Now, however, after the experience we have gained, we can look at this more closely.
It should be borne in mind, however, that pursuant to the European Constitution pillars will be removed and instruments for the administration of justice developed.
These two principles complement each other; however, their implementation is difficult to achieve and will take a great deal of time.
At the same time, however, we are aware that the implementation of this objective will require sustained, long-term efforts and patience.
– Mrs Malmström, we are aware that we cannot do everything at once, however much we should like to.
I do believe, however, that this is an important political message that all of us together should pass on.
For technical reasons it is not possible to increase the funding, as Mr Newton Dunn requests, since this is a project from 2004 that is to finish in 2006; it is possible, however, within the framework of that programme, to organise seminars covering the activities and analyses of the new Member States, as Mr Newton Dunn would like to see.
First of all, however, I shall give the floor to the two authors for their supplementary questions.
First of all, however, I should like to give the floor to the author of the question, Mr Medina Ortega, for a supplementary question.
I would like, however, to discuss not only women but also the ways in which poverty and social exclusion affect children and young people.
It is a different story, however, for at-risk groups such as the elderly or young people without working experience, the sick, disabled persons and single mothers or families with several children.
We can, however, take steps today to secure the future.
The main part of my report, however, is dedicated to Parliament’s budget.
Having said that, however, we know that the self-imposed ceiling is not an irrefutable and fixed law.
There is still a great deal of bureaucracy, however, and there are considerable controls and checks in place.
Secondly, the Commission does, however, propose a whole series of changes affecting fundamental budget principles and the validation of claims amongst other issues.
This also means, however, that the Commission’s work should be increasingly judged by its efficiency in future.
Turning to the amendments: with regard to Amendment 1 on centralisation and co-management, the Commission would like to see substantial RAC involvement in the elaboration of technical measures without, however, any change to the decision-making process.
I do feel, however, that much remains to be done, in the autonomous region of the Azores and in all Community waters, as regards these more environmentally-friendly methods.
I need to underline however that calling for a complete ban on discards from Community waters is easier said than done.
We are however looking at various ways of reducing discards, as I indicated in my initial presentation.
With regard to the recent events in Jericho, however, which I discussed, last night and this morning with those Members who have been in the area as election observers for the past few weeks, my group is asking the question that always arises in international politics in such circumstances: ?
Please do not make use of points of order procedures which relate exclusively to the work of the sitting under way to raise other issues which, however important they may be, cannot be used for the purpose of the kind of requests you are making.
Ladies and gentlemen, the fact is, however, that, in terms of the Member States’ taking this new strategy for growth and employment to heart, there is still work to be done.
The provisions of the Constitution cannot, however, be the basis for changing the Treaty of Nice, where unanimity is the rule.
As you said, Mr President, there is also, however, a need for people to take the Lisbon Strategy to heart.
What is the point of speeches, however, without an appropriate budget?
The Nordic countries, however, have maintained peak levels of competitiveness, the welfare state and a large knowledge base.
There is something else we must say to European businesses, however: It is that it is possible to grow by using high business profits to create new products, to develop new technologies and new capacities, rather than only to buy up other businesses.
Both the Commission and the overwhelming majority of the European Parliament choose, however, consistently to close their eyes to this criticism.
I wish, however, to emphasise the problems mentioned in the report that still constitute obstacles to guaranteeing legal certainty.
We have always maintained, however, that forced prostitution is not the right term to use, as it suggests that there is such a thing as voluntary prostitution.
Above all, however, there are clear links between a woman choosing to prostitute herself and previous physical, psychological and/or sexual abuse.
This, however, is as real as destruction itself.
If this fund were to be introduced, it would however be helpful if private capital were used to finance a fair share of it.
Social integration and poverty are, however, issues that must be dealt with nationally or through voluntary cooperation between the governments of the Member States.
The report points out, however, that more than 68 million or 15% of the EU population were living at risk of poverty in 2002.
We are not, however, in favour of the proposal that the EU should introduce a system of support and compensation for professional fishermen affected for the worse by such methods.
We are not, however, in favour of the proposal that the suggested compensation measures for fishermen be funded by the Community (Amendment 2).
For example, we are now at a point where the problems resulting from the liberalisation of the internal energy market – which Brussels wanted and which was based upon the sole and sacrosanct principle of competition – are prompting Members of Parliament to call for a common energy policy, even a single policy. This field of action is not provided for in the Treaties, however, and there is good for reason for that: the opposition of the governments, which are aware of the strategic importance of this sector and of their diverging interests.
Europe will not, however, be made any stronger by the Balkan countries being robbed of their prospects of accession or seeing them deferred to the distant future.
When we reach the sort of interface that we will reach after Bulgaria and Romania we will, however, have to bring this into play and redefine it.
We need, however, to change internally and to engage in the debate about enlargement without putting the blame on it.
New forms of cooperation as proposed in the report cannot, however, close the door to membership.
The Copenhagen criteria make reference to the concept of ‘assimilation capacity’, while not, however, defining it.
What is important, however, is to set the wheels of accession in motion.
Let us not, however, repeat our old mistakes.
Unfortunately, however, Turkey and the Turkish-Cypriot leadership have not yet taken a position on this specific issue.
This credibility, however, must also go hand in hand with us attaching credibility to the criteria.
It is not right, however, to force an economic or political unity that is not wanted by those affected, or is not viable in itself.
It is my duty as leader of the Moldova delegation, however, to remind us all of the fact that there are two countries even closer to the heart of Europe which need the promise of European Union membership just as much as the Balkan countries and Turkey.
I am disappointed, however, with the excessive emphasis placed on the fourth Copenhagen criterion in the report.
It also holds true, however, that jobs can only be safeguarded in the long term if enterprises are competitive.
When buying the Polish bank, the Italians had to agree, however, that they would not invest any capital in any company in competition with that bank in Poland.
The second merger, however, between and , could give rise to a diversification of the French and Belgian energy market.
I would like to say to the Israeli authorities that an electoral campaign, however important, cannot permit the distortion of existing legal frameworks.
At all events, however, it is now a permanent body of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
I do not view the document as perfect by any means, however, and I would be critical on two points in particular.
Secret voting and the ability to exclude countries do, however, mean that a big step forward has nonetheless been taken.
I call on Member States to remain vigilant, however, and to secure the vote on important issues, such as the adoption of the draft international convention for the protection of all victims of forcible disappearance, the declaration on indigenous peoples and the renewal of mandates such as that of the special representative for human rights defenders.
It does, however, represent a step towards establishing a new international structure based on respect for fundamental rights and political freedoms.
It is the developing world, however, that has the majority.
Their main aim, however, was to prevent any kind of discussion of their own activities.
Apart from that, however, there are no policy initiatives, as the primary purpose of the proposal is to conform to the WTO panel findings within the deadline.
Here, however, we are talking about and focusing on quality, in particular.
I should also like to point out, however, that another kind of desire also comes to the fore here.
If we do not do that, however, we run the risk, in the international discussions within the WTO – and the multinationals will keep on and on at us about it – of lapsing into arbitrariness, of undermining our own quality indications and thus ultimately losing the protection.
There are, however, doubts as to whether the aims set are realistic.
Most of all, however, it is good news for consumers as these products are made according to traditional recipes and using methods that go back generations and are healthier and better than mass-produced goods.
We must question ourselves, however, over one matter: all too often those in favour of the PDO and PGI scheme are more concerned with commercialisation than with production.
Generally speaking, however, we must take care that the procedure involves careful scrutiny, and that there is no levelling down.
This will not please everyone, however, and the best proof of this is the firm line taken in the United States and Australia, which want geographical indications only to be admitted under exceptional circumstances and are seeking to have them restricted to certain wines and spirits.
In systems where legal costs are borne by the defeated party, I can, however, see some merit in having a guide for judges when they need to decide on costs.
Where, however, will the wisdom be found to embark on effective ways of doing so?
The biggest problem for effective implementation, however, is the insufficient number of indicators describing biological diversity.
We, however, continue in essence to consider that there are benefits if a joint programme is maintained.
All investigations show, however, that it is very difficult to find grass-roots opposition to cross-border cooperation on precisely the areas we are debating today.
When funding NGOs, however, we must ensure there are strict criteria and transparency.
One of the great advantages, however, of being a Member State of the European Union is having access to other Member States’ cooperation and knowledge base.
Their success will be doubtful, however, if some EUR 1.4 billion are put into an information system on health issues that serves only to exchange health reports.
He has been open to the justified wishes of his fellow Members, and the Commission has tabled a sound programme, which Parliament did, however, tweak in a few areas.
Amendment 141, by the Liberals, however, muddies the water and takes away precisely the legal certainty that Amendment 53 sets out.
You are more than right, however, Mr Trakatellis, to point out in your report that there must of course also be sufficient resources for all the objectives we have set ourselves.
At present we are a long way from that, however, not to mention the fact that we shall today be rejecting the Commission proposal for a joint action programme for health and consumer protection as totally unacceptable.
That would mean, however, that we would be completely unable to provide primary and secondary prevention of certain diseases or the urgently necessary protection against the risks of disease occasioned by globalisation.
There is one thing, however, that I, like many other Members, find hard to digest.
I do think, however, that it is really commendable, and I therefore wish to thank not only Mr Kyprianou but also Mr Trakatellis.
We cannot agree to have just one programme serving two different sectors, however these may be related to each other.
I would also like to express my thanks to the Commissioner, however, because the Commission is also working very hard, especially in the closely related field of bird flu.
We on the European side need to think, however, where we can actually contribute this much vaunted European added value, where we can do something from Europe that will help our citizens to live longer healthy lives.
Coming to the various diseases, I can assure you that cancer is our priority among other diseases, but we have included a new strand which provides for the reduction of disease burden, but we believed that in a seven-year programme we needed more flexibility, so we do not list specific diseases; however, that can be done through different decisions that can be taken in the course of the programme.
I deplore, however, the fact that the amendments on information and the fight against counterfeiting adopted in the Committee on Budgets were not taken up by the IMCO Committee.
From the economic viewpoint, however, counterfeiting is a veritable curse as much for health as for consumers.
This overlooks the fact, however, that the two programmes overlap in terms of objectives, strategies and instruments.
On 30 June 2005, the Conference of Presidents decided, however, to split this programme once again.
International cooperation should, however, mainly take place through multilateral agreements and within the framework of the work already being done by the World Health Organisation (WHO).
I am, however, opposed to the EU’s deciding about compulsory labelling for these goods.
In Hong Kong, however, the Commission did not even bring up the matter of the multilateral register for labels of origin to protect our small farmers’ wines in competition with big wine merchants.
At the same time, account has to be taken, however, of the disadvantages of these designations.
More importantly, however, it is also a warning of the difficulties posed by future enlargements.
The Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe does not, however, agree with the Commission about the need to combine consumer protection and public health.
As yet, however, Russia has failed to acknowledge the sovereignty and constitutional integrity of that country’s territory by withdrawing them.
The latest development is, however, that, paradoxically, when the opposition is growing and becoming stronger, so too is the oppression directed against it.
Historically and politically, however, it is obvious that Kazakhstan belongs to Central Asia.
Nevertheless, moving towards peace requires that impunity be combated unequivocally and this means, in turn, that the truth must come to light, however painful that may be, and justice must be done.
That is the very thing we can no longer accept, however, because the victims and their families have been fighting for a long time for a trial at which the despots will have to face up to their responsibility.
Senegal has stressed, however, that Hissène Habré should be brought before an African court and that the African Union should decide about it.
I am not referring to today’s agenda, however, but to the agenda for the next plenary session, and I have the following request.
We would like to know, however, under what status we have been called, since the Presidency announced that the IND-DEM Group had excluded us, using a procedure that was totally incomprehensible and completely irregular.
As far as the financial perspective is concerned, however, I believe that we are closer than ever to reaching an agreement.
Being simple, however, also means expressing oneself clearly.
Coining new words, however, has never been part of a good communication strategy.
What we have not been given, however, is a Financial Perspective to match, that is the necessary resources to achieve that.
It is the development of this sector, however, that can actually make the most rapid contribution to achieving the goals of employment and growth.
I wish you more strength and courage, however, in putting these decisions into effect.
In general, however, I feel I can say that the Commission's objectives for 2007 have been received positively.
It is important, however, to ensure that this energy is used in a safe and sustainable way.
Mr Winkler, you began, however, by saying that, at eight o’clock on 1 January, Europe was given a shock where energy was concerned and that we were given it by Russia.
We cannot, however, afford to have such a situation in Europe any longer.
On one point, however, the proposal is deficient, and that is in relation to the decision-making centres.
This will not be possible, however, without answers to some major questions.
At the same time, however, I believe that the use of biomass to generate electricity is a mistake.
The present state of affairs, however, in which each country is responsible for its own energy supply and concludes bilateral agreements, is no different from that situation.
If, however, you owe the bank 100 million euros, you own the bank.
A common energy policy, however, would be decided by Europe itself.
I must, however, emphasise that the new financial perspective lacks sufficient funding for this research in particular.
We can talk about solidarity and solidarity clauses however much we like but, basically, the fact is that it is only through common networks that it will be possible for countries such as Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania – or any other country that may be exposed to political blackmail - successfully to achieve solidarity in practice.
In the European energy market Russia is an unavoidable supplier, to which we should not, however, remain too tightly bound.
This figure, however, masks the higher energy import dependency of peripheral and geographically isolated energy markets such as the Baltics, Ireland and other island communities.
As this debate has shown, however, there is a lack of agreement on many points.
What should interest us at European level, however, is something that has not been mentioned so far.
In December, however, the Council in Brussels agreed on EUR 22.682 billion on current prices for the 2008-2013 period.
I do, however, welcome the fact that here in this House we have come up with a cross-party motion for a resolution aimed at resolving this deplorable situation.
It was not ambiguous, however, to the point of explaining the fanciful calculations of the Council.
I would like to say, however, that the Council will of course be adhering to the commitments it has made.
The outcome of yesterday’s trialogue, however, was merely the first step on the road to an agreement, and this step was taken halfway through the Austrian Presidency.
Time works against progress, however, and delays in implementing new programmes are in effect lost investment opportunities and lost chances.
The assistance, however, has now been withdrawn. This is as unfair as the GBP 45 million was patently inadequate.
The present arrangements are, however, no longer consonant with the rules agreed within the WTO, in that the special treatment enjoyed by the ACP countries in comparison with other developing countries contravenes WTO rules and must therefore be brought into line with them.
In my opinion, however, we should ensure that the aid we give is in harmony with the principles of sustainable development.
Another wish, however, is that it should also be possible to carry forward up to 25% of contributions into the first quarter of the following year.
I would, however, now like to move on to the second stage that we are introducing with this report.
At the same time, however, I cannot deny that the parties could do more by their own efforts to achieve this aim of bringing Europe closer to the people and involving its citizens in what is happening here in Europe.
It will not necessarily, however, play well with the public, who do not believe that it is necessary.
Now, however, perhaps we need to feed it in order to help it to grow stronger.
Regarding individual membership, however, I think that is something that we ought to pursue, just as we should pursue the fact that these parties have to be subject to Community law.
This Regulation is just a first step, however, a temporary solution until the adoption of a genuine statute for the European parties and their funding, as laid down in Article 191 of the Union Treaty.
We shall not be able to change this mindset, however, through new European political parties; whether it suits us or not, the only way to build trust is through a good record of achievement.
As many have pointed out, however, there is a link to other organisations as well, and we have to take that into account so that it can be a balanced proposal one day.
The peaceful demonstrations, however, have given evidence of the consolidation of pluralistic forces in the country; this is a positive development.
What we have had trouble with, however, is answering the question of what we should do about it.
The problems and basic conditions differ, however, between one Member State and another.
On the processing side, however, major progress and investments are still needed.
In supporting it, however, we must not repeat the mistakes of the past, by which I mean, primarily, that we have to give the market more of a chance.
In order for these crops to be a genuine alternative, however, we must guarantee their viability by means of a policy on prices and fiscal incentives.
This initial step must be followed up, however, which means that we need to strengthen research and development, extending to modern economic biotechnology.
Having looked at it, however, I think it does improve the text so, personally, I am in favour.
There is, however, a lack of attention paid to the predicted exhaustion of world fossil fuel resources.
We are, however, encouraged by the fact that elections are now being organised.
We do not, however, believe that the EU should decide on how membership, lists and nominations are to be dealt with.
We do not, however, believe that a transition to energy crops should be allowed to slow down the phasing-out of the common agricultural policy.
Why are we insisting, however, that there be at the very least a statement from the Commission followed by a debate?
On the very same day, however, Jörg Haider, Governor of Carinthia, instigated proceedings against District Governor August Muri for ‘abusing his public office’ by finally issuing an order for bilingual signs to be posted in Bleiburg/Pliberk.
A more comprehensive reform is necessary, however, because this is not just an issue of money.
In order to even start resolving this issue, the Union needs, however, to provide funds and not only to make promises.
They also saw, however, the enormous efforts made by the Maltese Government to enable all those who arrive in Malta in an irregular manner to be treated well, despite very limited resources.
Apart from money, however, what, in terms of real administrative and long-term help, do you think would solve this problem?
Commissioner, allow me, however, to express two regrets.
This European network can only be achieved, however, by increasing the number of interconnections.
A single market, however, will not solve all the problems, and, furthermore, it will bring with it new ones.
It is clear, however, that networks and the good development of networks are absolutely necessary.
I do not, however, propose to go through all the provisions in the report in detail.
The cases that we are currently getting in Europe do, however, raise the issue of whether competition law really is still supreme or whether it might not be the case that other factors have started to play an important role.
Once the Council begins its debates, however, we want to know what it is debating and who represents what point of view.
Openness should, of course, be applied, however, when decisions on the actual legislation are actually taken.
Parliamentarians involved in a particular issue should, however, be allowed in certain instances to study the legal opinions, once they have undertaken in writing to observe the confidentiality that applies to everyone else who has had a part to play in the matter.
In the EU, however, it is still possible to make laws undemocratically.
There have been a number of problems, however, particularly in relation to the inadequate implementation of Regulation (EC) No 1049/01.
Turning to agriculture, it is clear that the common agricultural policy is in need of reform, although it must retain its multifunctional character, one of the consequences of which is that farmers in the European Union must continue to receive support, while care must, however, be taken to ensure that grants for socially and environmentally sustainable regional development must be put to work in rural areas rather than big agribusiness and the banks being given preferential treatment.
In the few weeks this year in which we have been able to address this issue, we have, however, been able to get the Member States to commit significantly more.
I fear, however, that it may be one of the few real opportunities open to us, if not the only one.
The Commission has been advocating all this for years, however, to no great avail.
If you have decided to change this practice, however, then I am of course ready to begin.
It would, however, also be appropriate to consider how the free movement of people can either threaten or benefit the countries of origin of the citizens involved.
This selective opening of the professional market, however, to a labour force with low qualifications means that this will be an incentive for many qualified workers to leave the new Member States, to change profession and immediately earn a higher salary.
In the long term, however, this will weaken Europe’s competitiveness.
As time goes by, however, this has become a sensitive issue in the politics of the old Member States, which are increasingly perceived as discriminatory.
Instead of propagating this myth, however, which in fact leads to a political impasse, it should be the responsibility of politicians to tell the truth.
We have, however, encountered great difficulties with regard to the free movement of services and workers.
Quite a few of the amendments we voted on today are, however, unnecessarily bureaucratic, and the extra cost and the administrative burdens that these would entail are disproportionate to the potential benefits.
I have, however, chosen to vote in favour, and for an important reason: freedom of movement of the labour force.
I feel, however, that there is a balance to be struck between challenging Community and national institutions and advocating appropriate, effective solutions.
The general impression that comes out, however, is that Brussels' competition policy is the expression of the Commission's ultraliberal doctrine against 'economic patriotism', paradoxically put into practice by a nit-picking bureaucracy that continually interferes in business strategies and national policies.
Irrespective of the outcome of these votes, we wish however to vote in favour of the report as a whole since reforms relating to openness in the Council’s and Coreper’s work is a priority issue, and we wish to put pressure on the Council to alter its Rules of Procedure.
Account must, however, be taken of different countries’ levels of development.
If this aim is to be achieved, however, we need to reach agreement on the advantages of free trade and on the rules to which that free trade needs to be subject.
The removal of these articles should not, however, be interpreted by Member States as meaning that they can introduce or retain excessive administrative obstacles against companies that are posting workers across national boundaries.
Having said that, however, does the result achieved to date manage to curb this craze for competition between workers, against which our fellow citizens are rising in ever-greater numbers?
It is, however, incumbent on the Commission to make radical changes to its policy towards countries that are blatantly infringing Community law on the freedom to provide services.
Unfortunately, however, the document does not propose any effective ways of resolving the present situation.
Non-implementation is also due, however, to the fact that the procedure is enshrined in the Treaties and is therefore not easy to improve.
This simplification, however, also entails a number of limitations, indeed dangers, and we therefore need to be vigilant.
We are, however, salving our consciences at the expense of the citizens, the entrepreneurs and the quality of our laws.
If we wish, however, to retain the public’s faith in the single market, we must stem the outflow of investment and the loss of jobs.
We are trying to do this specifically with regard to fisheries; however, unless there is closer coordination between Commission initiatives and the individual initiatives of Member States, the chances are that the possibility of success will be limited.
We believe, however, that volunteering is a powerful tool for developing social cohesion and commitment towards society and that it therefore deserves special attention within the programme.
Twentieth-century European history cannot be commemorated, however, without remembering the victims of its Fascist regimes: in Italy, Fascists deprived men and women of their freedom for two decades, and there are many connections between the Italian regime and the Nazis.
This drive towards European citizenship, however, poses a major challenge for the institutions.
When it comes to remembering victims of European dictatorships, however, this approach is painful and lamentable.
True citizenship, however, does not need money thrown at it to make it real or desirable.
In view of the meagre budget allocated to this particular aim, however, our efforts should focus only on the two most shocking and horrific of these regimes, whose effects were felt on a massive scale with consequences at global level.
I am convinced, however, that the present programme has the potential to contribute a great deal towards reducing Euroscepticism.
I would also like to add, however, that under no circumstances can we exclude other victims, who are equally innocent and unfairly treated by history, such as the victims of fascism and other European dictatorships.
In other countries too, however, including those that joined in May 2004, there are negative manifestations of the information deficit.
I would like to emphasise, however, that Nazism and Stalinism are the cornerstone of all other totalitarian ideologies.
At the moment, however, we are discussing Stalinism and Nazism, which transcended and did not respect state borders.
We also need to remember all the victims of dictatorships, however, and therefore I would ask you to support Amendments 54 and 55 by my group.
The Commission kept its promise, however, and, six months later, did indeed present us with a new draft.
At the same time, however, apart from independence of choice, what the Member States need as a guideline is to determine better the methods of intervention mainly in infrastructures if not in programmes.
All this, however, depends on the outcome of tomorrow’s voting and on the discussions about the Financial Perspective.
In that context, however, the Commission’s responsibility is to preserve any right it might have to ensure that all actions carried out to reduce emissions of F-gases are compatible with the Treaty.
Amendments were adopted, however, which attempted to underline the fact that stricter national measures are allowed under single market measures, provided they are proportionate, non-discriminatory and not purely economic in nature.
The most serious consideration of all, however, is that there is now an active risk of putting obstacles in the way of countries that want to tighten up their national legislation in this area.
As far as the Council was concerned, however, that was still three times too much.
The most disappointing aspect of the Council was, however, the fundamental failure of leaders to speak forcefully on the rising tide of protectionism.
It is not enough, however, just to condemn the fraudulent elections and the use of force, and to call for those imprisoned to be released.
There can be no denying, however, that we have seen results in the energy sector, in SMEs, in research, in the employment objectives and overall in the new system of governance of the Lisbon Strategy.
The Commission is also able to provide such continuity and consistency over time because, however good the Council presidencies may be, they change every six months.
We fail, however, fully to recognise the European Union’s enormous success in absorbing the new countries so naturally.
The European Union is, however, unique in the way it develops a model for leadership that balances the interests of large and small countries and often combines these interests in a common interest.
These events do, however, give us the opportunity to rebuild confidence even at this level.
Political leaders should not follow, but lead, the people. They should not, however, move forward with too much haste.
We disapprove, however, of increasing the EU’s financial appropriations earmarked for shaping opinion with a view to developing a European identity.
The biggest challenge we now face, however, is that of the citizens’ opinion of the European project.
The political reasons for restricting this freedom, however, appear just as compelling to the old Member States as the free movement of workers is important to the new Member States.
This support for the public services cannot, however, take the form of support for an unofficial presidential administration that would set itself up more or less as an opposition force.
Let us not, however – as we have since 1980 – keep on repeating the line about two peoples and two states, while all the while bearing witness to what is, quite simply, the theft of Palestinian land.
The time for political statements is past, however, and it is now time for action.
It is also important to act sensibly in this regard, however, and I therefore appeal for no more funds to be wasted supporting initiatives that do not reach the people of Belarus.
Our noble plans will come to nothing, however, if we do not take on more political responsibility for the future of Belarus.
It must, however, pay particular attention to events just beyond its borders.
Democracies take a long time to establish, however, and they need to be nurtured.
It is still there, however, and the recent elections have been a great success.
The elections were not, however, free of technical shortcomings.
It is interesting, however, that contrary to Russia’s expectations pressure from Russia in connection with gas supplies and the blocking of exports from Ukraine directly fuelled support for the forces of democracy.
At the moment, however, we are working through the neighbourhood policy, which does not provide for membership.
It seems to me, however, that today’s confusion cannot be ascribed purely to the linguistic factor.
I must admit, however, that when it comes to the ‘safety’ aspect of the word, it is thanks to the contribution of Parliament that fundamental progress has been made with regard to driving time and driving licences.
The important thing, however, is that the competent European authorities take appropriate action when Community law is broken.
As things stand at present, however, I cannot of course anticipate the conclusions the Council will reach in its further deliberations on these questions.
That does not mean, however, that the Council is not pursuing Dr Mugraby’s case closely.
I would point out to the honourable Member, however, that this, too, is a matter for the Member State concerned.
No provision has been made for the essential section I enquired about, however, hence my question to the Deputy Chancellor.
Experience will show delays here and there, however, and then the ranking will have to be reviewed.
We shall have to show flexibility, however, as the routes are important not only for economic growth and employment, but also for the implementation of the principle stated in various white and green papers, namely that of shifting freight transport from the roads to the railways.
I should also like to emphasise here, however, that, if the countries concerned are in agreement and the Commission gives them maximum support – as Vice-President Barrot, who has also been enquiring about the situation on site, has just done – there will be progress to match.
One must not forget, however, that this problem that we are discussing today is not just another stroke of bad luck due to pure chance.
Nevertheless we welcome this awareness, however late it was in arriving, of the pressing need to invest in human resources, without which no development policy, however virtuous, can be implemented.
At the same time, however, I believe that, in the development aid strategy, universities should be created alongside hospitals.
In this context, however, I should also like to draw attention to the growing importance of military aspects in development policy, whose principal purpose is actually supposed to be the improvement of public health in poor countries.
At the same time, however, costs have not stopped rising, yet we have a great deal of trouble admitting that prevention costs much less than cure.
What is indispensable, however, is an increase in human resources – in both Europe and the developing world.
The current scope of our CMO, however, does not allow the Commission to act in response to a crisis that is sparked by a lack of consumer confidence.
Where the media are concerned, however, the issue has been dealt with in a most unsatisfactory manner.
There have, however, been important developments in the fight against impunity in Africa; for example, the dictator Charles Taylor has been arrested and brought to justice.
One note of caution, however: budget support is not earmarked for a specific sector, but specific sectoral reform measures and targets can establish the conditions for the funds which are, of course, paid into the general budget.
We must remember, however, that it is by no means solely a problem for developing countries.
The legal framework is not, however, the only factor.
When debating corruption in developing countries, however, we should not forget about the shameful practice, used until recently by countries such as the United States, Denmark or Germany, of allowing companies to use bribes and then permitting these sums to be listed as tax deductible expenses.
We do not, however, wish, in this emergency situation, to bring about a scenario in which, for fear of being hit financially, breeders hide infection or otherwise increase the risk of infection spreading.
The resolution, however, makes it quite clear that Europe is highly responsible for what happens in Malta.
What, however, is crucial to us is to protest against the infringements of democratic and human rights in Belarus.
We are, however, of the view that the issue should not be handled within the framework of EU cooperation.
It is worth noting, however, that the Sudanese Government only dares to behave in this way because it has not been isolated by the international community.
It is clear, however – in the eyes of my group at least – that he should be released forthwith, because the crimes of which he is accused and indeed convicted do not appear to stack up in reality.
For all of these reasons, however, there is no question that Egypt must be a democracy.
I would, however, like a vote to be held in this Chamber in order to decide whether or not there will be a resolution.
I do not, however, share Mr Poettering’s view that this recollection should not be used as the occasion for some fundamental decision-making about how atomic power is used.
I want to speak, however, of the future, not of the past.
The EU must, however, play its part in all of this.
It is also true, however, that Russia, China, India and the United States have given the green light to nuclear energy.
There are questions, however – not about membership itself, but about the date.
I believe that, in the context of the support that we are giving to Romania during these months of accelerated reforms, we are establishing two important notions the rate and consistency of the progress made while remaining aware, however, that there is no such thing as a perfect political system and that a significant amount of progress has already been made.
Giving more time to the reform processes that have already begun would, however, be as much in the interests of the EU as of the candidates.
There is, however, one area in which the Commission should maintain its vigilance, and that concerns provision of care for orphans.
That is not, however, what we are doing.
They are not doing so, however, and absolutely nothing is happening.
When we meet the Palestinians, it is, however, impossible to explain the double standard we have got used to exercising in relation to Israel.
Let us hope, however, that the 12 May Summit will change all of this.
We therefore support the Commission’s intention to broaden the dialogue and the subjects of mutual interest to incorporate the excellent recommendations in Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra’s report, while taking care to ensure, however, that the alleged need for greater promotion of trade does not lead to excessive liberalisation, resulting in unfair competition for European industry.
Latin America is also wrestling with huge problems, however, which include poverty, social inequality, inequality of opportunity, social backwardness, the suffering of the continent’s Indian population, the lack of infrastructure, the power of the drug cartels, gangs of demoralised young people and apathy.
This does not mean, however, an unnecessary proliferation of EU administrative structures in Latin America.
It will have escaped no one’s attention, however, that today there exists a body of case-law, thanks to universal suffrage, with all the breakthroughs obtained in the meantime, while Parliament itself has not stood still.
As the representative of the Council, however, I should like to raise a point for consideration when examining the question of whether the conditions for convening an Intergovernmental Conference have been met.
That version of ‘normality’ is unacceptable, however, and Europeans unfortunately no longer realise this.
Should we not, however, put our own house in order first?
In the last few days, however, a story has come to light that clearly needs to be brought up here because of its peculiarities.
Where the Committee of the Regions is concerned, however, I find that further investigations are required before we can take a decision on the issue of granting discharge.
I am sorry to say, however, that the analysis that the Court was asked to provide is purely technical in nature, and there has been no control of the ways in which the allocated budget has been spent during the current year.
Parliament, however, paid rent to the city of Strasbourg.
That is not, however, the only reason for denying discharge to our own institution.
Despite this wealth of material, however, we still know very little about how the budget was actually implemented and how the funds included in it were spent.
In an imperfect market, however, such as that of innovation, this does not happen naturally and needs to be driven.
Despite the importance of this area, however, there is no firm European aid policy either for innovation or for research and development.
I have, however, asked to take the floor under Rule 22, which relates to the duties of the Bureau.
These systems must, however, have their counterparts in countries’ infrastructures so that there are people to take the calls.
eCall can, however, help us to reduce this figure.
It is not likely, however, that the Barcelona objective will be achieved at the present level of effort, because the acquisition of two languages in addition to one’s mother tongue is very time-consuming and difficult.
The European language proficiency indicator is, however, primarily important for motivating the Member States’ own citizens in creating a certain comparative and competitive advantage.
I cannot, however, agree to including only the five most commonly used or taught languages in the first phase.
In this instance, however, I would like to point out that the Indicator of Language Competence is an instrument for learning languages rather than for assessing their specific use in a social, economic or other context.
The paragraph would then read as follows: ‘Regards large companies as an essential component of the innovation system; considers, however, that State aid to large companies is appropriate for encouraging cooperation within innovation clusters and poles of excellence (large companies, SMEs and knowledge centres), provided that they meet the criteria of the ex ante rules.’
It would, however, be naïve to believe that the transition did not involve increased costs for consumers.
The Member States should, however, ensure that these costs are kept to an acceptable level.
There is a place, and a need, however, for this to be extended to other areas of influence, and that naturally includes Latin America.
I do not, however, see any reason for the European Parliament and the other EU institutions to call on the Member States to sign the Memorandum of Understanding regarding eCall.
It is also important, however, that this is not done at the cost of devaluing national languages.
In its proposals, however, the European Parliament is, as usual, going too far in its ambition to develop policy areas at EU level within every possible subject area.
It is unacceptable, however, that certain languages are favoured to the detriment of others, not least Portuguese, which is spoken by 200 million people and is the EU’s third most widely-spoken language in the world.
The fight against drug-trafficking cannot end with that control, however, but it is also important to control the forerunners, the chemical agents.
At the same time, however, the governments and the Commission itself should make the corresponding moves, so that we can all, if nothing else, give children the minimum human right to bread and water without the need for them to debase themselves body and soul.
Fortunately, we do not play democracy by ear in Poland, which is, however, something we see during votes in the European Parliament.
What we lack, however, is a substantial, overall assessment of these changes.
The second point, however, is that when we deal with this issue we have to be very careful that we do not start changing the Commission’s exclusive right of initiative.
I have just one reservation, however: it concerns the annual 60 000 tonnes of industrial fishing granted to the large seiners of Northern Europe, which have no historic precedence, especially not in comparison with the historic precedence of Morocco, which nonetheless authorised the presence in its waters of 244 vessels, which disappeared at the end of the agreement.
We are, however, focusing to a greater extent on citizens.
Interestingly, however, the whole of Europe has understood the same message from this master of misunderstanding: no chance.
I do not, however, welcome the proposed agenda in the field of justice and home affairs.
Now it is time, however, to pull ourselves together and show the required leadership.
The Commission is right to point out that Plan D is not just linked to the debate about the constitutional treaty, however important that may be.
This rejection did not, however, plunge the European Union into a crisis; rather, it did no more than make it clear that the EU was already in one.
At the same time, however, the Council still contends that the much desired and necessary framework decision for data protection in the third pillar will probably not even be approved by the end of 2006.
Most of what can be said about Marco Polo II is, however, encouraging; it is in those terms that one can describe the reduction in the minimum grant thresholds, since the programme did not previously apply to small and medium-sized enterprises.
In parallel to this, however, the Commission is continuing its crusade to privatise the railways, without even reviewing ten disastrous years.
That international community is, however, beginning to realise the dangers of suspending aid to the Palestinian people.
I also feel however that, in the name of reciprocity, the EU should be aware of the fishing activities of Community vessel owners who stand to benefit from these measures.
It has not, however, been possible to reach an agreement containing these proposals.
Nutrition and health claims, however, must be scientifically substantiated, in light of all the available scientific data and the testing that has taken place, which formed part of the adopted proposals, and to which our group lent its backing.
We regret, however, the adoption of an exceptional amendment on nutrient profiles.
It is, however, unacceptable to do as the Commissioner did yesterday and also to target wine in one’s efforts to promote health and to combat obesity and alcoholism.
I wish, however, to explain why I voted as I did on Amendment 66, the notorious disclosure clause.
Both for the EU and for me personally, however, the issue of human rights is also crucial.
All in all, however, everything points to this being the best solution, because it is a workable solution.
We trust, however, that this objective will not be used to undermine certain principles that protect the citizens’ fundamental rights, including social rights and workers’ rights.
Any satisfaction that might be felt evaporates quickly, however, faced with a description of the exorbitant legislative powers wielded by the Commission.
I would, however, like to say that action of the kind that the Commission is proposing will satisfy the requirements of the Treaty.
That being the case, we must, however, take these considerations seriously.
We were right, however, to decline, for the time being, to enter into negotiations with Serbia on the grounds that General Mladić is still at large.
We must be careful, however, not to make those countries and those populations that have worked so hard to emerge from the historic era of Communism pay a price that they do not deserve to pay.
The crucial thing for me, however, is how these countries will enter the European Union in 2007, whether they will somehow muddle through or slip in, or whether they will come in with their heads held high and we will be able to agree with a clear conscience.
For me, however, this debate is also an occasion to draw further conclusions, over and beyond the two countries at issue.
We should also add, however, that the European Union will never accept any candidate country, be it Bulgaria or Romania, Croatia or Turkey, as a Member of the European Union if they do not satisfy the accession criteria.
At the same time, however, we have to remember that according to these surveys, the majority – 55% – still have a positive attitude towards enlargement.
Before they start preaching, however, ought not some of our governments, including the one in France, to first put their own houses in order?
That is not, however, something for which Romania and Bulgaria should pay the price.
For the sake of security in Europe, it would, however, be best if the EU were to fulfil its commitments to Romania and Bulgaria and otherwise focus its efforts on the other, much more sensitive issues that have to be solved in the Balkan region in the course of the year.
I am aware that there are certain shortcomings which have been rightly pointed out by the European Commission in its report. I do believe, however, that the best way of overcoming these shortcomings is for the European Union and the European Commission to put pressure on the Bulgarian and Romanian governments to dispel all doubts and to solve all problems within the next six months.
The Commission has noted, however, that many of the large traditional institutions are gradually beginning to be replaced by more short-term care, and that there is a general preference for reuniting families or securing foster care in a new family.
It does not replace the other path, however: they are two separate tracks going in the same direction – security of supply, competitiveness and sustainability.
Some countries in Europe evidently see it differently, however. I have to respect that.
I wish to raise one concern, however, with regard to beef imports into the EU.
For such apparently simple things to happen, however, requires serious thought on somebody’s part, and this ‘somebody’ is the European standardisation system, which is made up of three European and 29 national standards organisations, and more than 60 000 experts.
I should also like to thank Commissioner Verheugen, however, as he has managed, by way of better regulation, to create a new instrument – namely European standardisation – to enable the objective to be achieved faster and more efficiently.
In spite of all the positive aspects pointed out here by various Members, however, I would venture to make a criticism, an objection.
Owing to past experience, however, this proposal could not be pushed through in the agreement with the Council and the Commission.
The European Union, however, makes only a minor contribution to the overall financing of European standardisation, even though studies have shown that the benefits to the economy far outweigh the costs.
Something that should play no part in Parliament in future, however, is screening of fundamental attitudes, and that is why we should think carefully about how to do things in future.
We must also ensure, however, that both large and small economies are equally represented on the Executive Board of the ECB.
To do so does not require the creation of any new national bodies to monitor public finances, as stated in the amendments, however, as these would only result in an increase in bureaucracy and in a heterogeneous system in a single monetary area.
I can also tell you, however, that the Council and the Eurogroup are willing to improve their coordination and to improve the involvement of all sectors and all the institutions – including this Parliament, of course – in the dialogue needed for this coordination to set the right objectives and priorities and to be effective.
The EU Heads of State or Government lapsed, however, into unseemly bartering about income and expenditure, with refrains such as ‘We will not pay’, ‘Maximum of 1%’ and ‘We want our money back’.
The optimist in us will, however, emphasise that it is constructive that there is now a framework to facilitate the legislative work on the programmes for the Structural Funds, research and education.
The framework is tight, however; so tight that it pinches.
The Council, however, showed the Commission and Parliament that the EU’s money came from the Member States.
The Council, however, cut these funds by 40%, so this ambitious objective remained unachieved, which has been the greatest failure in these negotiations on the financial framework.
At the same time, however, for most items of expenditure they represent an increase on current levels of EU spending.
The question for my group, however, is whether this interinstitutional agreement answers the big questions facing Europe at the moment.
– Mr President, I wish first to thank Mr Böge for his excellent effort; however the agreement achieved on the package of the financial perspectives for 2007 to 2013 between the three institutions of the European Union is, for us as a group, unacceptable.
For example, the last enlargement increased the GDP of the European Union and hence its revenue by 5%; at the same time, however, it increased its population by 30%.
It is a far more complex and urgent matter, however to reform the individual structures of the EU as items of budgetary finance.
The compromise reached, however, has various positive features.
The limit of 2% of total Structural Funds resources, which is identical for all the new Member States, is, however, difficult to understand.
It is clear, however, that – within the framework set from the beginning by the governments – the mindset which prevails in the Council is a short-term, restrictive, accounting and administrative mindset.
Mainly, however, we secured the 2009 review with our full involvement in the review process.
We are satisfied, however, because the agreement provides a number of positive solutions and confirms that the programmes will start on 1 January 2007.
At the same time, however, they reject compromises on the protection of individual rights and personal freedoms.
We must be aware, however, that supporting the European Council's decision on the review of the budget means starting to reduce spending, particularly if we aim to use the Union’s own resources rather than the Member States’ contributions.
We would point out; however, that the compromise deal struck between the parties fails to adequately address the problems that confront the European Union today.
We are, however, critical of the support in the report for what is known as the Globalisation Fund.
I must register my deep concern, however, about the apparent discrepancy between what is stipulated in the agreement reached in December and its practical application.
It is, however, the agreement that was possible under the current circumstances.
It also comes, however, with the hope that the entire budgetary structure will in due course be rethought with a view to promoting a more development-friendly economy, via the review of the expenditure heading.
I still feel, however, that the proposal originally adopted by Parliament was far more beneficial to the EU, not only from the quantitative point of view but also, especially, on account of the methodology used.
Experts in the field believe that this may, however, be justified in one exceptional case, namely fish bone meal as a protein replacement for calves.
We cannot, however, overlook the difficulties that some Member States have had in recent years in keeping public deficits within the levels of the Stability and Growth Pact.
I must point out, however, that neither the Council nor the Commission has given any precise indication of the way in which it intends to incorporate that human rights and democracy clause in the commercial dealings between Europe and third countries.
I have one final observation to make: although I support the request for the European Union's annual report on human rights to provide for the involvement of the European Parliament, I do, however, think it just as necessary that Parliament continues to draft its own specific report, with the aim of ensuring that Parliament monitors the European Commission's practical commitment towards human rights and of assessing that monitoring effort.
The election of Cuba, Nigeria and other similar countries, however, prompts concerns regarding the election mechanism and whether the Council’s work will be more successful than that of the Commission on Human Rights.
I am sorry, however, that my amendment on CIA flights was not accepted by the committee, but I note Amendment 5, which seeks to rectify this situation.
I am sorry, however, that we are told repeatedly in our committee that we cannot mention human rights abuses within the European Union.
The bad news is however, that Europe is much better at making declarations than it is at adhering to them.
If we look at specific situations, however, such as the adoption of the resolution establishing the new Human Rights Council or cases relating very specifically to countries and individuals, there are many instances where we made a difference.
Much still remains to be done, however, if we are to turn our intentions into practical actions aimed at creating effective strategies to improve the international human rights situation.
I am convinced that the main building blocks of a compromise are, however, within reach.
We should not, however, accept an increase in parliamentary powers at one level at the expense of our existing powers at another level.
It is clear, however, that this neighbourhood instrument that we are debating now, following its passage through Parliament, has been filled with numerous references to that protection of human rights and the relationship with civil society and non-State actors.
In recent times, however, we have found out from the media that the financing of projects is in some cases quite unclear.
The implementation of these instruments concerning all third countries, and on the same criteria is, however, a much more difficult question.
The way in which the Commission wanted to achieve this, however, would mean that, while Parliament now – thanks to 16 regulations – has codecision powers, it would soon only have an advisory role in the area of development cooperation.
This draft, however, states quite openly that the intention is that the new financial instruments should play a crucial role in ‘developing the Union as a global player’.
It is good that Russia is mentioned in paragraph nine of the explanatory statement. It is a shame, however, that the same emphasis was not placed on Ukraine.
Unfortunately, however, we are sidestepping the definition of geopolitical priorities.
In common with previous speakers, however, I would have welcomed a greater involvement by Parliament in the formulation and creation of individual strategies and in areas such as decision-making on suspending assistance.
It is, however, prepared to deal with the issues of mutuality and transparency in other relevant forums such as the EU-Russia Energy Dialogue.
To my knowledge, there is not, however, at present any definite intention to extend it in this way.
We know, however, that powers in this area are very fragmented.
In general terms, I should like to point out, however, that the issue of transfer pricing represents an enormous administrative burden for enterprises operating in the internal market, one that would hardly arise at all if a common consolidated tax base were to be implemented.
If we are to reduce unemployment effectively, however, we need to aim for even better growth rates.
Such a procedure is not provided for in the EC Treaty, however, and so would be in addition to its procedures and thus alter its institutional balance.
I do not, however, share the great optimism that the process of interconnecting the markets will lead to cheaper energy; at least this has not happened in the Czech Republic.
I wish, however, to point out the need to guarantee public funding on a scale large enough to create the leverage conditions expected by the EIB.
He must, in turn, try to inject some ambition into this budget. I think, however, that, with such a rigid and narrow budgetary framework, it will be difficult for him to find the resources for the ambitious policy expected by Europeans.
It is no criticism of him to say that the value of the exercise to which we are devoting ourselves this evening is, however, fairly limited, indeed very limited, particularly by the outcome of the vote taken by our Parliament this morning.
Our group, however, does not feel any need to militarise the EU’s Foreign and Security Policy.
I should like, however, to emphasise that the appropriations for investment in transport are not at all in keeping with the Member States’ own ambitions for the trans-European networks.
It must also be beyond doubt, however, that, as decided in the course of CAP reform, the budgetary resources will apply until 2013 without cutbacks.
The EU’s budgetary limits must, however, be respected.
Let us make sure, however, that it does not become just another empty word in the Community vocabulary.
– Mr President, I wish to thank the rapporteurs; however I note with regret that we are talking about dealing with natural disasters as if they are a phenomenon which can be resolved purely by taking corrective action.
The matters which we examine in the Berend report will proceed under the codecision procedure and, consequently, Parliament will fight to the end; however, on the matters addressed in the Galeote report, I think that Parliament should not lower the flag either.
European regional policy, however, cannot fulfil those objectives.
As usual, however, the pro-European ideology has prevailed.
We are, however, critical of the report’s assertion that setting up what is known as the Globalisation Fund may constitute important progress for the EU.
We believe, however, that it is exclusively the Member States affected that are responsible for ensuring that measures are taken in this area.
On the other hand, Solidarity Fund intervention must be possible even when disasters, however serious, do not reach the required level, and that aid should be provided in exceptional circumstances when the majority of the population in a region has suffered from a disaster with serious and lasting impact on their living conditions;
It is, however, extremely doubtful whether natural disasters are cross-border in character.
The EU must not, however, use these disasters as an argument for extending its power and developing a common policy in this area or for establishing further institutions.
We are now seeing a glimpse of a new opportunity to reach a peace agreement with the Maoist guerrillas, which had previously declared genuine ceasefires which were rejected by the King; now, however, the ceasefire has been accepted.
The joint resolution under examination does, however, go far beyond the usual diplomatic disputes.
From a legal perspective, however, it is not possible for Taiwan to obtain observer status at the World Health Organisation.
However, we have the people of Europe behind us in our task, because they recognise, however much some of our national leaders like to deny it, that the big problems we face, the major challenges of globalisation – population growth and migration, climate change, internationally organised crime – cannot be dealt with by nation states built on the 18th-century concept of military industrial power; they require us to overcome our tribal and our religious hatreds and to work together for the future of all our citizens on a planet which we share with others.
The results of the Commission’s consultation do reveal to us, however, some precious information about the cause of this disaffection, and I should like to mention three examples.
For now, however, we must distribute the time in the manner we had planned.
It needs political unity in order to address a number of major challenges: first, the fight against terrorism, in order to build peace in the Middle East and the Balkans; second, growth and development by means of the Lisbon process, but without breaking certain rules to which science, too, must be subject, and the liberalisation of the services market as quickly as possible; third, the economic and commercial confrontation with China and India, two major emerging countries that are, however, preparing to form an alliance with each other; the fourth challenge is the energy question, not forgetting the nuclear option; the fifth is immigration and the African emergency; and the sixth is expansion of our borders, starting with the accession of Romania and Bulgaria and then that of Croatia, without closing the door on other candidate countries.
It appeared there, however, in order to state that if four fifths of the Member States ratified the treaty, then we would go ahead, which was naturally unacceptable to certain members of the European Council.
To achieve that, however, we should have to have referendums, popular consultations, and in the countries who voted ‘no’ as well.
It would be a gross error, however, not to open up straight away a second track that does not require amending the Treaty.
For it to be possible to do both at the same time, however, one must have the courage, again this year, or, at the latest, next year, to initiate socio-economic governance in the European Union.
We must, however, also be sure that, in fighting terrorism, we do not damage or call into question our procedures and institutions based on the rule of law.
As matters stand, however, people are kept in prison even if they are acquitted.
We should not, however, just be drawing attention to states of affairs incompatible with human rights and the rule of law.
That is because this subject is at the interface of a number of the European Union’s political priorities: on the one hand, the issue of the universal validity of human rights and of international humanitarian law, as well as the fight against the scourge of terrorism on the basis of the principles of the rule of law; on the other hand, however, good transatlantic relations, which are also affected by this subject.
When I consider the preparations for the summit in terms of this absence of agreements – preparations helped along by the sterling efforts of the Council and the Commission – I can see there again being discussions about many individual matters, on which there may or may not be agreement, but there being, however, no bigger picture or framework for the discussions to take place in: a framework, moreover, in which we might also be able to include the American Congress, for anyone familiar with American policy in the fields of trade, economics and foreign policy knows that speaking with the administration is only half the battle.
What this arrangement could, however, do is draw us into a ‘community of actions’ to promote global and regional cooperation on the basis of common values.
Such criticism – directed towards a particular administration in individual cases and concerning specific matters – should not, however, cause the transatlantic gulf to become wider.
There are, however, many other barriers that we should remove.
In the context of the Transatlantic Partnership, which should enter into force in 2007, it is however an important fact that the present American administration has become a sort of lame duck, and so it is open to question whether it makes sense to conclude this sort of agreement with it.
In the USA however it is absolutely legal to trade in them.
These points must not, however, overshadow that which binds us together or that which is profound and resistant to strain: the shared community of values and the work on the world issues that are important to us.
In countries where these conditions did not exist, however, accelerated liberalisation has led to deindustrialisation, destruction of the environment and increasing dependency and has worsened the poverty of the inhabitants.
I wish to thank the Commissioner and all those who have worked on this project, in particular however Mrs Roth-Behrendt, the shadow rapporteur of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, who contributed a great deal and who unfortunately cannot be here today.
When raising a sensitive issue such as medication for children, however, we should ask ourselves an honest question, namely whether it is possible to claim beyond doubt that prescribing adult medication to children is more ethical than involving children in controlled studies that are subject to stringent legislative provisions.
With regards to the regulation, however, I am definitely opposed to reducing the period during which a company can apply to extend sole marketing authorisation for the basic product from two years to six months.
The pharmaceutical industry, however, selects its patients on the basis of their resources – I am thinking of the diseases of poor countries – or on the basis of the numbers of patients involved.
We should, however, not lose sight of the ethical side of the matter, and must prevent children from being used as guinea pigs.
I am, however, also grateful for the open nature of the negotiations, which involved four directorates-general.
It is short-sighted, however, that, just as we ought to be rapidly increasing levels of innovation, this budget is being cut.
Let me say once again that we are very clearly in favour of new Member States entering the euro zone; this must, however, take place in accordance with particular criteria; we have a certain amount of tradition and rigour to uphold in this respect.
At the same time, however, I would like to encourage the Commission to be more assertive the Member States when it comes to data.
If this approach had been consistently adopted, however, then the history of the euro zone’s creation would have been significantly different, and it is even possible that the number of states that are currently members of the euro zone would differ.
In the inflation criterion, however, in addition to the difference, in addition to the comparison between the inflation of the Member State and the reference value, the Treaty states that we must analyse whether or not the inflation of the Member State in question is sustainable.
Replacing a currency is, however, an incredibly important and serious matter.
I have been disappointed, however, by the reluctance of the administration to introduce such a system and I think it is about time we did so.
Intercultural dialogue is extremely important politically; it is, however, only meaningful once it includes interreligious dialogue and education.
Funds are however available for large projects and for professional cultural events, whose scope sometimes even extends beyond Europe.
The way in which the project budget has been structured, however, does not suggest that that is the case.
In order for these technologies to bear rapid fruit, however, financial priority will need to be accorded to access to EU funding for these projects, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe.
This document, however, must not represent an end to the fight against paedophilia.
There are, however, major differences between national laws in the area of removal from employment, which can be accomplished by means of criminal law, civil law or administrative arrangements.
To date, however, therapeutic methods have perhaps been geared almost exclusively towards convicted sex offenders, neglecting the possibilities of preventive therapy.
It means, however, that we must continue with the work at all levels if we are to achieve our aim.
Safeguarding equal treatment of men and women, under the law at least, is a cultural necessity; however, we still need, even today in the 21st century, to insist not only that this should apply where the common sense of the European considers it to be self-evident, but also so that we can update and simplify the common legislation of the European Union, so that new and future Member States can easily take up the and the Lisbon Strategy can be achieved.
On the other hand, however, it should be pointed out that thanks to the daily efforts of dozens of institutions, Roma and non-Roma voluntary organisations and increasing numbers of people, the situation in many European countries is improving somewhat.
I would like to stress, however, that the decisions leading to such a situation were probably not taken by women, because there are practically no women in the places where decisions are taken on security policy or at negotiation tables.
That, however, is not the point I want to make.
Any postponement, therefore, however reluctant, would be interpreted as a sign of hesitation on a subject on which we have to be extremely clear.
I am therefore grateful, in one sense, that the vote was deferred. On the other hand, however, no one could perhaps have foreseen such a catastrophic reduction in the numbers present.
It is not, however, the task of the European Parliament to dictate what conditions should apply in the developing countries.
There are, however, other forms which are not so visible and yet which harm greater numbers of people.
It is, however, necessary to create initiatives based on the sort of practical and sustainable projects that will continue even after 2008.
There are, however, details of the report about which we are sceptical.
What such initiatives can perhaps do, however, is in some way to crystallise the objectives towards which our institutions’ efforts are directed.
I am, however, voting against an increase in the budget, as well as against Amendment 18, which is particularly unfortunate in its neo-colonial desire to export views and values.
I believe, however, that it is up to Sweden to request the derogation.
My abstaining from voting alters nothing, however, as regards my fundamental criticisms of the Stability Pact, which is an instrument completely unsuited to the task of resolving the EU’s economic and social problems and benefits nobody except big business and the property owning classes.
I am, however, voting against the report because I do not want the money concerned to be wasted.
Finding ways of ensuring that trade policy helps to resolve the poverty issue, however, is no easy task.
That does not, however, mean that it is for the EU to do this.
On the one hand, we wish European citizens to be conscientious judges of the common ; on the other hand, however, we do not give them the possibility of having the same treatment both from the Commission and from Parliament's Committee on Petitions given that, as is clearly understandable from Mr Cashman's report, their officially elected representatives cannot check petitions from the first stage.
It is fighting a huge fight with no means of communication. Above all, however, I fear that we shall confine ourselves to studies, we shall abandon the victims and we shall say that the operation was a success but the patient died and every day, women and children will die behind locked doors.
In many places things went much quicker than that, but in some Member States we have, however, been able to keep the groundwater clean and to avoid having the dubious permits sought by all those who, instead of clean water, talked of healthy water with an in-built allowance for what humans and animals can tolerate.
When I hear my honourable colleagues, however – some of whom have already decamped again – I am quite astonished to note that the Nitrates Directive evidently has not yet been transposed in their respective countries, otherwise they would not be raising such a hue and cry.
They have a long tradition in Germany and Austria, and are slowly being introduced in other countries such as Poland. They are, however, exclusively local in nature, sometimes benefiting from regional support.
I am most concerned, however, about proposals to predetermine the future structure of the European Research Council even at this stage.
We do know, however, that far more is spent on nuclear energy.
I should also like to address a direct question to the Commissioner, however, on behalf of myself and my colleague Mr Manders.
It must be made clear, however, that the seventh framework programme must under no circumstances fund research into human cloning, genetic mutations or the use of embryonic stem cells.
Faced with this reality, I am, however, surprised that it is being proposed to us that we reduce the funds allocated to Euratom.
I believe, however, that the financial effort should be increased.
We have, however, put up obstacles such as intricate patent legislation, which is eroding our competitiveness.
The majority of this amount, however, goes to nuclear energy and not to new sustainable technologies.
The people in the region too, however, also suffer particularly from health problems due to the increasing heavy goods traffic.
To facilitate this practice would, however, mean no longer having all the resources at present used for, on the one hand, renewing the stock of data and, on the other hand, purchasing new hardware made possible by technological developments.
Slovakia is generally endangered by floods affecting large river basins; however, as we experienced last week in Eastern Slovakia, flash floods due to heavy rain at a particular location are typical in many regions.
Although I acknowledge the exceptional nature of the current state of affairs, however, it is right and proper that the fundamental principles of international law should be adopted and adapted.
The avian flu virus is seldom transmitted from birds to humans; however, the WHO has reported 185 cases of this infection and 104 deaths in the period from 2003 to March 2006.
It would, however, be foolish not to look beyond our Union, because the virus will not be careful to stay within our outside borders.
I would, however, like to draw your attention today to another problem. This is a problem that is rarely mentioned when discussing broad prophylactic measures.
On our part, however, we also need to send a message to Tunisia which is just, balanced, coherent, and treat all countries in the same way.
In that case, however, I do not think that Parliament will be on your side.
We must not allow the Tunisian authorities to believe that, however much we talk about human rights violations, we will get tired of it and shut up.
As we all know, visas are documents that grant the right to cross national borders; however, Russia refuses to conclude agreements on borders with Latvia and Estonia, and therefore also with the European Union.
At the same time, however, both sides are clearly trying to present their cooperation as friendly and constructive.
In this situation, however, in which there is always a shortage of energy, long-term contracts are hardly the biggest problem; rather, they could offer both parties a common goal.
If the company cannot ultimately conform to these conditions, however, the representative of the European Commission will act accordingly, and I am confident that the Bank will also do so, applying the criteria of its environmental policy which, as I said at the beginning, are generally acknowledged to be rigorous and transparent, since everybody has been aware of them since their approval in 2003.
I would, however, also like to point out that this problem has so far remained unresolved for seven months.
I do not believe, however, that we had to limit ourselves to resorting to these two areas alone, and Amendment 16, which I tabled with my colleague, Mrs Berger, is along these lines.
For all that, the judgment then takes a huge political leap forward by stating that this finding cannot, however, prevent the Community legislature from taking measures relating to the criminal law of the Member States under certain conditions in which such action is found to be necessary.
It is worth bearing in mind that the total data stored by European authorities amounts, not to hundreds of thousands, or even to millions, but to billions of units of data touching upon the personality of every individual, in that the information stored could, with ill intent – which I am not, however, ascribing to any state – be brought together to compile profiles in order to find out what those citizens we disapprove of are getting up to.
This new security package, which we are discussing today in the context of the Hague Programme, will, however, be complete only as and when we have adopted the regulations on the visa information system and on Schengen II.
I agree with the Commissioner, who says that victims should only be informed on request; however, in order for victims to know about this, they must first be told that such a procedure is under way.
As Mr Pirker has pointed out, however, there need to be common criteria and standard data-collection methods, since that is the only way of ensuring that data relating to drug issues are objective, reliable and above all comparable.
Mr President, Commissioner, the subjects discussed in Mrs Zdanoka’s report are important and commendable; however, as regards the content of the report, there are a number of questions and objections.
On the other hand, however, it is always very important to assess whether the same effect might not be achieved through existing applicable instruments.
One thing is clear as far as the Austrian Council Presidency is concerned, however: we must work together with all the Member States and all the institutions to make progress on the key issues surrounding the future of the European Union.
The Europe of projects is not enough, however; we must settle the institutional matter too.
My particular thanks go out to the President of the Commission, however: not only for being here today – he could, of course, say that he is only present when the President of the European Council is here – but for what he has said today.
That alone is insufficient, however – something else is needed, something that has also been mentioned today.
Without the constitutional reforms and the associated division of powers, however; without the clarity of action or the democratising potential that the Constitution holds, this enlargement is impossible – unless we want to destroy Europe, which we do not.
These elements have an external dimension, however, because the 15 international car manufacturers have an impact on oil prices that is perhaps equal to that of OPEC.
Unbridled competition and the race for profitability are, however, unacceptable in this context.
It is my conviction, however, that the fundamental reason for the weakness of Europe’s action in the world is neither technical nor institutional.
The majority of EU laws will, however, continue to be adopted by officials in 300 secret Council working parties after having been prepared in 3 000 other secret working parties under the auspices of the Commission.
That is why we had Laeken, however, and Laeken produced the Convention – and so we have already drawn up a new Treaty that needs to be transposed.
As regards the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, however, the Council must understand that this Treaty has failed in its present form.
Yet the Constitution, however you look at it, is to a large extent discredited.
He or she will also have to state quite clearly, however, that the EU first needs to be given the necessary strength.
The fundamental content of this Constitution needs to be implemented, however, be it in the present or an amended Constitution.
All national politicians – ministers as well as ordinary members of parliaments – should, however, be clear that a strong and effective EU is absolutely necessary and is a precondition for any welfare state.
I would like to say to those people, however, that, with a Community policy on immigration, there would never be mass regularisation without control, and the 'pull factor' which we are currently so afraid of would not therefore exist.
At the same time, we are feeling the uncertainty, and we are actually voicing our questions, because we know that decisions have become disassociated from citizens, who tend to view the results of the Community as natural; however, solidarity does not come naturally to everyone, as you would like it to be, Mr President, and I have deep sympathy for everything you have said concerning this issue.
This will not be the case in 2007, however – and so I ask that the Summit produce clear competences and greater efficiency for Europe.
I wonder whether we are perhaps once again sending out the wrong signals by setting in motion a train that, 10, 12 or however many years down the track, we will still not be able to stop.
It is also the case, however, that we must make an effort to explain why the Constitutional Treaty is important to people’s lives, because many people take the view that the Constitutional Treaty has not entered into force – which is the case – but nothing has gone wrong as a result;
In order to do this, however, we need to go beyond the period of reflection on the institutional issue as quickly as possible.
It is, however, worth pointing out that there is already a convention and an additional protocol from the Council of Europe on the transfer of sentenced persons.
Just how effective, however, has this ultra-European tool been at a time when drugs are a scourge that continues to destroy families?
The main responsibility should, however, lie with the Member States.
We question, however, whether the centralised EU vaccine stores proposed by the rapporteur are the most efficient response.
We wish, however, to emphasise that isolated measures on the part of the EU are inadequate for meeting the challenges posed by a global influenza pandemic.
The EC Treaty does not, however, contain any explicit allocation of authority in the matter of criminal law.
I am not, however, categorically opposed to all types of rules under criminal law designed to combat cross-border environmental crimes.
I believe, however, that, as is explicitly stated in Article 2 of the report, positive action differs from any kind of positive discrimination.
I personally, however, wish to set in motion again the virtuous circle constituted by the process of European integration.
As we have previously pointed out, we do not, however, believe that the Charter on Fundamental Rights should be legally binding.
We have abstained on this resolution, however, because we believe it attempts to prejudge the outcomes of the period of reflection and because it could be seen as showing insufficient sensitivity to the democratic outcomes of the French and Dutch referenda.
We also have to ensure, however, that we give our support to the international development of rural spaces.
We cannot, however, encourage a merger of the Lisbon and sustainability strategies right now, since the former, unlike the latter, is already in use.
We are not, however, closing the door to such a merger for ever.
It confronts us, however, with huge challenges, above all in institutional terms.
Where we have to recognise, however, that positive initiatives, education and awareness are not enough to stop violence or its precursors – intolerance and incitement – then our Member States must make use of legal proceedings in order to protect their citizens.
Eradicating prejudice is, however, only one of the objectives in educating people in tolerance towards those who are different, and can complement other types of education in tolerant behaviour.
We do not, however, need to look outside the EU in order to find similar examples.
The issue is so important, however, that it should be asked whether the European Parliament is the right forum in which to debate it.
One could point out, however, that third states that strive towards modernising and completing their national export controls regard the EU code of conduct as an important reference document.
We have to be realistic here, however, and act as an example; if we act as a good example, then other states in similar situations will view our code of conduct as a guide.
It is worth pointing out, however, that the proposed measures give recipient countries, to a greater or lesser extent, responsibility for defining aid and for specifying a number of key action areas.
On the other hand, however, it is precisely Croatia that is, at least in parts, surrounded by other candidate countries, potential candidate countries and others who still hope to become candidates.
I will, however, do my best, and am already looking forward to meeting Members of your House and parliamentarians from the ACP states.
That this is something that both the Council and the Member States would like to see is not, however, a matter of doubt, and it is of course something towards which the Commission is also working.
According to this timetable, these agreements – which must first, however, be ratified and implemented – are to be seen as a first step in a process aimed at making the free movement of persons, and their return, easier.
I am not overjoyed, however, that the opinion of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, for which I am the draftsman, and which was actually adopted by a very large majority, has not been taken into due consideration.
The whole committee, and all the Members of this House, would, however, have found it very helpful if we, at the very outset of the debate, had had sight of the Commission’s documents on a process reviewing the measures taken in response to 11 September 2001; that would certainly have made our discussions more straightforward and afforded us many more options.
It is, however, worrying that more and more powers are being transferred to the centre of the Union, especially the Commission.
It is the case, however, that, at that time, certain important aspects were left out of a negotiation which was carried out in response to what was a significant moment in terms of security.
We feel that there is a point in Mr Costa’s proposal, however, that, in his enthusiasm for improving this Regulation, has introduced some confusion: the package of clauses which relate to the application, which has been traditional and historical since 1987, of all of the legislation relating to safety in civil aviation applied to the Gibraltar airport.
That, however, does not predetermine the inclusion or exclusion of particular corridors.
In relation to conservation, however, small-scale fisheries have to take full responsibility in the management of fish stocks, because coastal waters are often the place where fish spawn and grow in the early stages.
I should like to address special thanks, however, to the Commission for its open and forthcoming cooperation with me and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, which was instrumental in bringing about this very positive outcome.
On 24 May the Commission adopted the proposal for a regulation; however, even now it has not yet passed this on to Parliament, and so the parliamentary process cannot yet begin.
Today, we shall, however, propose some clear guidelines on this issue.
It is, however, one thing to discover what is going on and another subsequently to ensure that action is taken to remedy the situation.
It is the main task of this House to demand accountability. Parliament is not, however, fulfilling its task in this area.
More also needs to be done, however, in relation to monitoring.
The close nature of the vote result gives cause for hope, however, that this can be rectified in Council and at second reading.
What there is, however, is more bureaucracy and increased costs.
We would, however, point out that we are keen supporters of the laws and rules that apply in Sweden to this type of research.
The ongoing neoliberal policies, however, run counter to these objectives.
We have our doubts, however, as to whether the proposed system, ERTMS, is actually better than existing national systems.
At the same time, however, European viticulture needs to adapt to the needs of consumers all over the world.
At the moment, however, the Commission is responsible for establishing the conditions for use of this practice at Community level.
We must do much more, however, especially in terms of providing security, protection, food, water and hygiene facilities, as well as health care and shelters.
There is a need, however, for progress in the functioning of the police force and the justice system as a whole, as well as in the areas of freedom of expression and association.
Today, however, we can only lament the set-backs.
Together with embassies of the Member States in Damascus, however, we are making full use of diplomatic channels and we will continue to do so.
It does show, however, that there is much to be done for the future.
Last week’s summit, however, was unfortunately barely visible.
That the Council has not, however, dealt with the European Parliament’s concern – namely the Strasbourg question – this is, to put it bluntly, a disappointment.
The meeting of the European Council has, however, in my view made it just as clear that the period of reflection has not in any way been used to identify the reasons why the Constitution was rejected in the referendums in France and in the Netherlands, let alone to react to this in some way.
The results that should have come with them, however, were rather less intoxicating.
Much more generosity is, however, due to this small and ever decreasing Slovenian minority.
Both, however, have treaties with other countries in the world.
It is interesting, however, that the Austrian Greens have all left the Chamber.
We need to be clear about one thing, however: obligations must be honoured.
The victory also demonstrated that Christendom was able to defend its values when it acted in union, because the victory against the numerically superior enemy was shared by West European mercenaries too, some of whom, however, fought on the Turkish side as well.
In no case, however, do we want Libya to take citizens hostage, be they from Europe or anywhere else in the world.
I did not, however, travel from Brussels to Budapest with a car from the same company.
I agree that it is too early to draw conclusions; however, I would like to make a few observations.
The answers given by people in positions of responsibility at the committee’s hearings, however, have been far from satisfactory.
No assurance company, however large, can afford such sums.
What concerns observers and many parliamentarians today, however, is that the Commission, despite its power of initiative, remains content to arbitrate between opposing interests, analysing market situations and assessing the chances of getting a text passed in the Council, instead of trying to rise above all that and take a European perspective.
Some of the questions raised will not, however, be resolved by market forces alone, because the market cannot take everyone’s interests into account.
On no account, however, must a merger or acquisition infringe EU competition law.
In Article 16, however, the grounds on which the competent supervisory authority can reject a cross-border merger or takeover are too vaguely defined.
Hopefully, now that we have an excellent European model, which developing markets also follow readily, we will be able to protect it; however, at the moment, it seems that the Commission's, forgive me, hesitation is allowing that model to be washed away.
This should, however, not be in the form of recitals to a legislative text.
Legal uncertainty about the interpretation of competition rules is, however, something we want to avoid, and I am pleased that the Commissioner recognises this, because the Commission will, not least in the future, need to continue to take into consideration the specific characteristics of this internationally operating sector.
The fact is, however, that instead of standing here I would probably be going up to receive the Nobel Prize if I knew exactly how to do it.
At the end of the day, however, my thanks go to the Commission for cooperating in a spirit of mutual trust, and I would ask whether it might also exert some influence on the European Central Bank to encourage it to cooperate in the same spirit as the Commission itself.
A threshold of EUR 500 has, however, been set, and larger anonymous donations are only permissible if they are made to absolutely organisations.
A recent report in the United States, however, makes an equally strong case for the fact that in reality, terrorists do not use standing orders to collect their criminal funds, but use all kinds of different channels for this.
We do, however, need a practical solution, in other words a solution that helps the authorities without making unreasonable demands on providers of payment services.
We note, however, that in the Commission’s 2003 Action Plan, the Commission announced its intention to provide active support for the legislative process in relation to these statutes.
The reality is, however, that the speed at which the Commission works is such that, during that time, each Member State has been preparing for European negotiations.
If each individual emitter talks his way out of it by arguing that he is only responsible for a small proportion, however, we shall never see an active fight against climate change.
We should, however, be careful in our choice of instruments for this purpose, so that we do not create new distortions of competition.
This report does not discuss only the kerosene tax, however, but also the massive distortion of competition caused by tax exemptions on air transport.
Every aspect of air travel, however, is subsidised, including fuel, which is not subject to taxation. On the other hand, rail traffic is taxed in a number of ways, and it is also affected by the trade in carbon dioxide emissions.
Legally, however, it would have been impossible, as the directive is only intended for the Member States.
We hope, however, that future cases will work out in favour of the NGOs, and thus of the EU.
What was decided does, however, represent a clear improvement in the protection of human beings and the environment against the hazardous chemicals that can escape from batteries.
I agree with all the other proposals Mr Blokland has presented, however, and am glad that agreement has been reached between all three institutions.
We must simply point out, however, that there are alternatives, and since there are alternatives, why should we not use them?
This is an institutional statement, however, that I am making as President of the House, and what I say today must be a political act that goes beyond the personal.
A war between Spaniards would not have lasted so long, however, simply because our own forces would not have allowed it.
What people remember less, however, is that there were countries in the South of Europe – Spain and Portugal – that were also isolated from this movement and which remained under military dictatorships for a long time.
It was not a Spanish message, however, because when Franco seized power 70 years ago my country had already been suffering under the Hitler dictatorship for three years and Mussolini had already been ruling for 14 years in Italy.
The funds, and in particular the ESF, must also, however, promote the Community's priorities much more clearly than before.
If we are to make the most of the opportunities that globalisation offers Europe, however, we must help the weakest in the new and the old Member States.
We do still want to have something to do in the years ahead, however, and that is why we will continue to fight to get it.
The ten new Member States, however, were denied them, perhaps in the hope that it would be possible to complicate even further the already difficult process of drawing EU resources, even though these resources formed part of the promise made in the accession conditions negotiations.
The crucial thing for me, however, remains how these principles are put into practice.
As far as Parliament’s work is concerned, however, I am satisfied.
I am afraid, however, that the urban dimension and the partnership principle will be upheld only on paper.
It is, however, regrettable that the sums devoted to this major EU policy do not match our ambitions.
The common position falls short, however, on areas such as the promotion of the quality of work, and a more proactive contribution towards reducing income disparities and social inequality with the objective of genuine economic and social cohesion.
Generally, however, we advocate a more restrictive stance on EU regional aid.
This new sally against climate change should not, however, be engaged in at any price.
There is one detail, however, to take into account, which is the unique context of the remote and outermost regions.
In the transformation process in Central and Eastern Europe alone, entire economies have collapsed, and millions of jobs have gone. People have understood this, however, because it was the result of Communist mismanagement.
We can, however, back them to the hilt.
One of these, indeed, is the car industry. That, however, will only help us when China and other newly developed countries become more powerful competitors in the automotive market.
They will, however – and this is the salient point – establish new production facilities where demand for their products is greatest.
On the plus side, however, we see that not only European manufacturers but those from other parts of the world too are starting to concentrate research and development capacities in Europe once more, especially in the old locations.
I do, however, criticise those who put short-term profit before sustainable solutions.
We do, however, have some very clear rules, and we must insist vigorously on their observance.
Let me make it very clear, however, that the payments of state aid which were authorised in that case and which took the form of investment support from the Portuguese budget were granted under European rules, which stipulate that the beneficiary company must remain at its location for at least five years after making the investment for which it has received support.
What our policies must not and cannot condone, however, and what we Socialists in Europe will fight, is the brutality with which multinational giants deal with the lives of human beings.
There are, however, also successful examples of restructuring where new jobs have been created and regions have been able to survive and even progress, with longer-term employment.
This does not, however, exempt the company from their responsibilities.
There is, however, another key to the success of the Lisbon Strategy, namely a real single market for goods, labour, services and capital.
In doing so, however, we are quite clearly creating more bureaucracy.
I do, however, wish to express my view that the Lisbon Strategy has failed in respect of growth and employment.
This report, however, refers to area after area in which the EU has thus far failed in research and development.
Top-level research will not be transformed into innovation and employment with money alone, however; we need to create an innovative climate, which the Commissioner also spoke about.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, however, could focus their resources with the aid of organisations such as chambers of commerce.
There is no question, however, that the Union’s greatest challenges are coming from the outside, in particular those resulting from globalisation and specifically the competition from the emerging Asian countries.
It is, however, within the competence of the Member States to pursue the individual cases of EU nationals taken hostage.
There are also, however, programmes the primary object of which is to build up the most important ministries, those being the ministries of commerce and energy.
It is clear, however, that the Commission must know exactly how things stand before taking any initiatives, especially if such initiatives lead to action against a Member State.
Free shipping on all the EU’s inland waterways is, however, dependent on the harmonisation of the technical requirements and safety standards with the highest standard, and that applies not only to the free movement of goods but also to the guaranteeing of high safety, environmental and social standards.
Once this point was resolved, however, the Council was able to reach a political agreement.
Basically, however, they have the same fundamental mission: to strengthen democracy in the Union.
Lack of information, however, does not explain everything: the Union has also to be able to improve the way it does things.
Many other people, who have lived their whole lives in peace, tend, however, to take peace and stability for granted.
The European Union, however, needs common energy policy guidelines, and, in particular, a coherent policy on external relations with regard to energy.
It needs to be said very clearly, however, that, although the European Union might be in something of a wait-and-see mood, the rest of the world around us is not going to come to a halt.
Russia cannot be forced into it, however, and we all have experience of that.
I do, however, share his view that the Council is sending out a confusing message.
It is not like that, however: Finland has a lot more to offer Europe and the Europeans.
I would like to start, however, with Mr Titley’s speech, as he is a sort of godfather to us.
In general, however, during this six-month term you will be hearing the phrase innovation policy over and over again.
So, the solution for energy is to diversify, and not to lock ourselves into a relationship with a single partner, however important that partner may be.
On the other hand, however, there have been occurrences that further detract from the credibility of President Abbas, and so it is increasingly difficult for us to find points of contact.
The Palestinian issue cannot, however, become a humanitarian issue, because it remains a major political issue.
Some regulations on emissions, flight time limitations and administration are inadequate, however, and should be viewed in the broader context.
There are some less welcome points, however, such as intellectual property issues, the report's promotion of entrepreneurship from the early stages of education and the fact that the whole position is broadly based on competitiveness.
One must admit, however, that there is a huge gap between the Lisbon goals and reality.
Mr President, we are not a court of justice; because of this event, however, we have an additional responsibility at the political and institutional levels, as do governments and Member States, to which we appeal because the burden of proof – precisely because we are not a court of justice – is a burden that must be shared with the governments, whose full collaboration and commitment to absolute truth we will need in the months to come.
I am also astonished at the rapporteur’s one-sided defence of civil rights in this matter, where, in contradiction to European legal culture, arrest is conflated with conviction, a confusion that the rapporteur did not make, however, in the case of Abu Omar.
At the same time, however, it is wrong to present a series of mistakes that may have occurred in the context of complex global anti–terror operations as a systemic problem.
I must point out, however, that the testimony given by the witnesses was fairly unconvincing.
According to the Commission, such a tax base would be used to promote the Lisbon Strategy to a significant extent, because it will help to make the internal market more effective, which would lead to an improved EU competitive position in global markets. The proposal does not, however, deal with a rate for income tax.
We know, however, that large numbers of illegal people are actually people who have overstayed their visas; they have not entered illegally.
What I want to see more generally, however, is for Europe to entirely change its thinking and for that thinking to be defended.
On the other hand however, it is striving to entice the best workers in order to solve its economic problems.
The right to development is multi-faceted however and it means economic exchange, cultural exchange, conflict management, combating terrorism, environmental protection and policies to promote gender equality.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to highlight the incompleteness of the report, which talks about immigrants’ rights without, however, referring to their obligations.
I should like to tell him, however, that the wealthy world could do so comfortably, so there is no excuse.
This is not, however, an alternative to the DDA: it is an extension of a successfully concluded end to this round.
The amendment adopted – however much I deplore it – was only an amendment to a recital in which we refer to a past resolution having regard to it.
The Council, however, argued that Article 202 of the EC Treaty remained unchanged, providing for the Council (alone) to define the system for implementing powers.
One might be pleased to see curbs, however few, placed on this disproportionate power, unprecedented for a democracy, that practically enables Brussels officials to amend legislative acts without the legislator.
As the Court of Auditors has stated, however, the review that has been submitted is not sufficient to reduce the burden and simplify the procedures for both the Commission and for potential users.
The Greek Communist Party will help to uncover more of the role of the ΕU which, however hard it tries to appear sensitive and democratic, will take harsher anti-grassroots and anti-democratic measures and will feel grassroots resistance growing.
It does not, however, criticise the immigration policy operating in the EU or condemn the underlying causes behind the migration of millions of men and women around the world.
At the same time, however, it is by looking outwards that these countries will help themselves to integrate more effectively into the global trade system.
I do believe, however, that we are right to demand more than just an agreement from all the parties.
The Commission and the Members States should not just listen to the views of importers, wholesalers or companies that have already relocated their production to other continents, however respectable they may be.
On the other hand, however, the content of the proposal, on which Parliament has nevertheless succeeded today in issuing its opinion, enables me to express the support of my entire group for a long-awaited initiative that has already been warmly praised in the past by Italy’s centre-right government.
By the same token, however, these states are unfortunately running a serious risk of restricting freedom of speech.
We should be aware, however, that 10 000 people have arrived in Lampedusa this summer and 20 000 in the Canary Islands – almost 2 000 just yesterday. That figure is four times higher than last year and hundreds of people have died at sea trying to cross it.
You will be distressed, however, that these crazy folk have fallen foul of the law of unintended consequences.
In many other European countries, however, the situation is not very good.
Can a small and medium-sized European Union Member State, however, really carry out its own tax policy with respect to passenger cars with a specific goal of environmental protection or energy efficiency?
I, for my part, do, however, even though I have amended it.
For the past two years however, people in this sort of situation are being asked to pay a prohibitive amount of tax.
The Agency will, however, be able to assist in any other region within Community waters which needs help and which requests it.
It is unfortunate, however, that the European Commission has been rather slow in dealing with this matter.
Right now, however, it is not Congolese or European weapons that will guarantee the ultimate success of the electoral process.
It is justifiable to be worried, especially given the unrest that followed the announcement of the presidential election results, which do, however, still offer an opportunity to both of the candidates who finished first in the elections.
We must, however, remain vigilant, not least in the immediately ensuing days and weeks.
The euphoria of the moment, however, should not blind us to certain developments that give less cause for optimism and more cause for disquiet.
I shall reply, however, because the comments have occasionally been very excessive.
Some of our countries are very open, because they can afford to be, while some, however, are in difficulties because they got around only very late to introducing reforms and transforming themselves.
We would like to point out, however, that a failure of the Doha Round would be a failure for international trade and for the multilateral system, since it would jeopardise the achievements such as tariff and trade preferences and would lead to a multiplicity and overlapping of rules, thereby making companies’ lives more difficult.
I still take the view that, if deals are done bilaterally, multilaterally, regionally or however else one would like to call it, among the strongest parties in other words, it is particularly the weakest countries that stand to lose out.
I do not, however, wish too great a burden to be placed on Daphne, and so I would ask you to be careful with Amendment 56.
Let us not forget, however, that these figures only take account of reported violence.
All of them require urgent action and resources. They will never be sufficient, however, regardless of how many of them there are or appear to be.
I would, however, like to take this opportunity to underline the importance of real action.
The Daphne programme, however, will not be effective as long as men – both those in the home and those engaged in politics and public life – do not actively participate in the process.
History does not allow for transitions, however, and nor does it let us stop the clock or allow us to wait for other things to happen.
The developing countries themselves, however, must also be prepared to implement national reforms, promote good government and eradicate corruption.
It is, however, vital that the parties involved will show commitment to its implementation.
It is important, however, that the countries that send troops to support the operation are not just countries in the European Union.
Most of the issues, however, are the sort where cooperation is vitally important.
In Slovakia, however, we do not apply registration fees or annual operating taxes to passenger vehicles.
The Council, however, stated that agricultural expenditure and expenditure relating to international fishing agreements should be re-examined in the autumn on the basis of the Commission’s revised communication.
I am confident, however, that we will be able to look at the matter from all angles so as to reach a final agreement, one that is acceptable to all parties and, above all, to the public.
We must, however, also ensure that we create a working environment that makes it possible for people to remain in the job market for longer.
This does, however, require security in the labour market, since it involves change and restructuring.
There are, however, three problems areas, and it is not just the Germans in the Group of the European People’s Party that regard them as such.
It has turned into a comfortable resting place, however, for those who are unwilling to work.
These values, however, of which the old continent is so justifiably proud, today faces serious threats that can only be averted by common effort.
They have, however, posed us a problem that the European Union should be concerned about.
In the meanwhile, however, as he is aware, the Lisbon Strategy – the strategy for growth and jobs I have just spoken about – that was decided on last spring has been undergoing a complete revision.
For a very long time, we have, however, closed our eyes to these evils.
In my view, however, it is a serious omission that neither the report of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety nor the Commission proposal contains a comprehensive causal analysis.
In recent years, however, mental health has not received sufficient attention compared to other areas.
Many things are easier to bear, however, if people have a haven, or a chance to withdraw.
We should like all options to be kept open until the Commission presents the final consultation document, however, and to be able to take a decision on it afterwards, along with others.
A legal construction of this kind must, however, be prepared through a transparent and democratic process.
First of all, whilst the European Union is clearly making thorough preparations in the areas of security and justice, with a view to taking over the tasks of the UN, UNMIC, we are of the opinion that it is not in the areas of security and justice, however important that they may be, that the EU will be playing an important role.
This also means, however, that we have fought for values in this region which we now have to uphold as well.
If Serbia receives the support of the European Union, however, a new Serbia can emerge which will prove a valuable partner for all members of the European Union.
I venture, however, to express a degree of doubt on this issue.
On the other hand, however, we need this independence to be conditioned over the medium- and long-term, first and foremost, also as far as minority issues are concerned, and I believe that for our part, our presence must be anticipated for many years to come.
On the other hand, however, our presence will be required to safeguard democracy, the rule of law and peace in a strategically important part of Europe.
The key question, however, is that of status.
Now the global actors involved in the programme, however, have much too little time and too few staff for their many areas of responsibility.
Finally, for some light relief and as the Finnish sauna was mentioned here, I will say that, however well the internal coordination of the Finnish Presidency proceeds, I shall not be joining Mr Ahtisaari or Mr Rehn in the sauna.
We should, however, not lose sight of the fact that there is still a long way to go.
Our greatest concern, however, is their failure to combat crime in a few highly sensitive areas.
I am, however, pleased that a new political agreement was reached last week, reflecting a new consensus on media and electoral reform.
Sound neighbourhood policy should, however, be sufficient to cultivate this historical European tie.
This process must not, however, act as a pretext for trying to undermine what has been regulated, and there must be monitoring on the part of national parliaments, the European Parliament and the sector and its organisations representing the workers.
It is not, however, acceptable that there should be a state within a state, or that a political party should, by maintaining its own militia, interfere with the effectiveness of the government and armed forces of a sovereign Lebanon.
We must, however, clarify UNIFIL’s mandate to turn the UN resolutions into reality on the ground.
To do that, however, we need to achieve that objective.
We do not need to be powerless, however: we can do quite a lot.
The challenge, however, remains much more arduous and requires the whole of Europe to make not just a military effort, but a political and diplomatic one.
Those warm meetings did not, however, prevent the devastation of Lebanon.
The most important thing, however, is to develop a parallel political framework.
It is strange, however, that this organisation is not on the European Union list of terrorist organisations. That list includes Iran’s opposition movement, the Mujahedin, which we have on several occasions asked to be removed, without success.
The more neutral the peacekeeping forces remain, however, the more credible they will be.
We are being offered an opportunity, however: an opportunity that follows a brutal war.
When it comes to political and military aid, however, nothing is clear.
It has been demonstrated in recent months and years, however, that Lebanon cannot achieve this goal on its own.
Many of our problems arise from our reluctance to put up a united fight to defend ourselves against the evil; however, we are late to surrender.
Broken by 34 days of war, Lebanon – which was, however, enjoying rapid development – is again the hostage and victim of a crisis with which it is unable to deal.
Our role should, however, go beyond that of providing emergency aid. The European Union should act in its own right to bring about peace in the Middle East.
It is still too early to say, however, whether we will be able to achieve the outcome that we would like to see.
At the end of the day, however, all of these measures, which look very good on paper, are not actually applied.
As I said in my answer, however, the issues on the safety of the elderly are to be discussed at the Council meeting on the subject at the end of November.
In view of the close interconnection of the financial markets, however, in my opinion I have argued in favour of a cautious change, because radical and swift measures could lead to incalculable consequences for the financial markets.
We should, however, remember that a purely economic approach to our relations will not reveal to us the true face of the Chinese dragon.
That being said, however, we must be firm and consistent in our efforts to ensure that with the developing trade relationship must also come democratic development and an increased respect for human rights.
It is also important that such a country plays a part in solving political crises, as China is indeed doing to a certain extent in connection with Iran, however at the same time it is buying energy everywhere, for example in Darfur.
If China’s emergence as an economic superpower creates obstacles, it also makes new prospects available to the European Union, on condition however that international trade regulations are respected.
Admittedly, the success of this initiative depends on the actors in the sector being properly consulted. In the end, it basically depends, however, on consumer choice.
The Commission’s preferred option for establishing minimum criteria for eco-labelling schemes will, however, bring order to the system, where necessary, and increase consumer confidence.
The Commission has, however, indicated its preferred option and I should underline that the Economic and Social Committee, the Advisory Committee on Fisheries and Agriculture, and most industry and stakeholders’ representatives support that option.
At a time when we are thinking about harmonising, codifying and unifying private law, however, the creation of that parliamentary forum, perhaps with this specific aim for now, would be a good way to begin to send out the message that the European institutions are not disconnected from national legal traditions.
During the negotiations, however, you should insist that the undertakings made in the current agreement be implemented without delay, because assessments have shown that even if there is an agreement it is not being fully and correctly implemented.
We need, however, to consider the absurdity of certain proposals contained in the agreement rejected by the Court.
At the same time, however, the living conditions in these buildings are less than suitable for modern circumstances, which is why many owners see cultural heritage as a burden rather than a source of joy and pride.
Be that as it may, the fact is that the situation in that country has certainly not improved over recent years, not even since the events that took place on Tienanmen Square, and it is clear to us that governments, businesses, and other bodies in the European Union are all too willing simply to do business with a Communist regime in China, without, however, any obligation to improve the human rights situation.
What, for us, are missing from the report, however, are the references to bilateral efforts and to trade that should be central to it.
In direct contrast to the report, we think it good, however, for there to be various private labels and for all eco-labelling of fisheries products to be done by private actors.
I wonder, however, how one can talk of equidistance.
Such aid must not, however, give rise to a situation in which forest fires lead to financial benefit.
We do not, however, believe that the fires and floods that recur each year in the same regions justify either common instruments for combating these events or common funding for compensating those affected.
We regret, however, that the EU institutions are trying to use tragic events of this kind to strengthen the EU’s influence over various policy areas.
This year, however, we have returned impoverished, following the fires that have devastated forests, attacked houses and taken away human lives.
It is completely desirable, however, for world trade to open up and thus to allow the maximum amount of trade between the north and the south, between countries of the south, and between the most and least developed countries.
Over and above the protection of intellectual property, however, there may also be tragic consequences where health is concerned.
To arrange all of these, however, would in practice be impossible.
There is, however, good news to report. Two Tamil parties have decided to join the coalition government.
Until such time as that comes to pass, however, we must offer protection to the people who are being persecuted there.
The return of economic migrants, however painful, just means returning them to their unfortunate economic situation.
Returning political refugees, however, exposes them to the worst possible danger.
I would like to focus in particular, however, on a specific aspect which is also being raised and which furthermore is a topical issue that we often discuss during these urgent debates: freedom of expression.
I would like, however, to make it very clear that my concern in this regard does not relate solely to Zimbabwe, nor exclusively to China.
According to the information provided to us by the Finnish head of the OSCE detachment, Major Lehtonen, the Russian peace-keeping forces are not, however, taking any steps to identify the underlying causes of these confrontations and if necessary pursue the individuals who are provoking them.
I should, however, like to comment on the question of just who it is that has shown courage in the crisis in Hungary.
Now, however, he or she has to calculate the tax due on the purchase price.
You do, however, present me with a slight problem.
Parliament, however, is calling for more stringent limit values for these smaller particles, which I endorse.
I do not, however, endorse the fact that the deadline for implementation is to be extended.
Effective policy must focus on long-term measures, and must therefore also include source policy, which this, however, does not.
This is only an apparent improvement, however, as the current limit value, if it may be exceeded on more than 35 days, in practice represents an annual average of 30 micrograms.
The Member States themselves in the Council, however, have provisionally agreed on a tougher line, where postponement would only be for three years.
The latter, however, have been implementing methods of reducing emissions of pollutants for a considerable time.
If this European policy is to be clear, however, it must above all be consistent and be part of an integrated approach to combating climate change.
The very same people say, however – and this has been shown in many surveys – that they are not prepared to foot the bill for such a level of protection, and that means that we have to take a balanced view when adopting measures.
In the case of Budapest’s inhabitants, however, this loss is as high as three years.
This does not mean, however, that with proper urban planning and the development of public transport networks, we may not achieve significant improvements.
The reverse side of the coin, however, is the myriad problems relating to life in the city, such as the deterioration in the environment, traffic congestion, economic and social exclusion, crime and alienation.
I believe that we do, however, need to find the right balance between giving instructions to the Member States and giving the power of initiative to local players, because they represent a breeding ground for innovation, having, as they do, first-hand experience of the realities of urban life.
While the Commission believes that an approach based on guidance, incentives and the dissemination of best practice is the way to proceed, it will, however, monitor the effectiveness of the strategy and undertake reviews from time to time to see how it helps address this important challenge.
So, then, many thanks from me to all who have had a hand in this, combined with sadness that there were so many who sought to turn this into a media campaign without, however, taking any part in the real work that was done by the working party and in the Committee on Budgetary Control.
We will, however, be discussing further developments in future reports as and when this proves necessary.
Legally, however, everything is watertight, and so there is little we can recoup from it.
Here in Parliament, however, we are not obliged to purchase buildings from the city of Strasbourg.
That was not a refusal of the underlying ideas, however, but only because the matter was outside the scope of the proposal, or else covered by other parts of the text.
If we want to attain better results, however, we must also make arrangements for higher quality education.
Developments so far have demonstrated, however, that the numerous recommendations adopted to date in this particular area have resulted in progress towards specific goals, benchmarks and the fulfilment of agreements; as a result, we can see a broad range of activities pertaining to the Bologna or Copenhagen processes.
I should like to draw attention to one aspect of Europeanism that does not receive the emphasis that it deserves, however, and that is tolerance.
One thing that can be achieved, however, is tolerance, which is essential to the existence of the EU.
Sadly, however, this House is doing its utmost to erase everything Christian from its documents.
In its current state, however, and as it is conceived in the Commission proposal, the European Qualifications Framework does not appear at all clear; it needs to be made more understandable, and certain aspects that now appear inconsistent need to be revised.
As today’s debate also shows, however, there are many common initiatives under way to develop education and training in Europe through exchanges and cooperation.
The mobility of students and workers can only come about, however, if the problems concerning recognition of certificates and diplomas are finally resolved.
At the very heart of representative government, however, is the idea of not merely voting with your pockets, like at the market, but also choosing, through one’s votes, what facilities society is to enjoy.
I do admit that regional local governance is an important factor in the provision of services; however, quite often this is used to disguise market protectionism, whereas services are basically ‘big business’.
Drawing that distinction should not, however, mean that public access is restricted.
I am however much more sceptical when it comes to asking the Commission for clarification on applying rules regulating competition and the internal market to public services.
Your group chairman, Mr Schulz, however, is feeding those prejudices himself by saying that we must, at European level, guarantee social standards, quality standards and quality of services.
It is also the case, however, that it does not fully engage with a number of issues, and this ought, moreover, to give you a better understanding of the difficulties that the Commission has experienced for years in defining the matter and supplying more precise definitions.
As soon as the guns fall silent, however, the task begins of reconstructing the country – a task that is of less interest to the television cameras – and the danger is that it may be forgotten now that the battlefield has been abandoned.
There are, however, some elements in the report to which we are strongly opposed.
On the whole, however, we believe that the content of the report is sound.
We are dismayed to note, however, that the auditors have indicated that there are continuing weaknesses in supervisory and control systems and we support the rapporteur's opinion that those weaknesses should be addressed as a matter of utmost priority.
There are always questions to be asked, however, when officialdom gets hold of a good cause.
We cannot, however, expect the Union to solve the environmental problems of European cities with standards outlining detailed, specific programmes.
It will only become widespread, however, if local and national authorities exchange experiences and good practice.
The positives within the report, such as congestion charging, reduced car use and local sustainability plans outweigh the negatives, however, and conservative governments may very well need a push from the EU when it comes to such matters.
Whilst welcoming the new States, however, we must make it clear that each enlargement only works if the rules are observed.
It is not the size of the EU that will enable it to play a role in this world, however, but only its inner strength.
There was unease, however, because of an amendment on the Armenian genocide.
Reality looks rather different, however, namely that Turkey is simply still not ready to join Europe.
On the other hand, however, I am disappointed that Turkey has made insufficient progress on a good few issues.
The Government must do its part to promote peace, however – economically, socially and politically.
The real mystery, however, the real mystery of the Eurlings report is its consistency.
There is also a political aspect to the obligations, however, and this concerns the fact that the people in the north of the island of Cyprus, the Turkish Cypriots, are waiting for us to keep our side of the bargain and put an end to the economic and educational isolation of the people living in the north of the island.
At the same time, however, we cannot condone infringement of Turkey's contractual obligations towards the European Union at Cyprus's expense or accept the lack of respect for human rights of all the inhabitants of Turkey and the refusal to acknowledge the genocide of the Armenians.
This annual debate on progress made is, however, a gauge that specifically records the reforms that have been achieved and the mood of public opinion, and I think we can all see that there has been increasing coolness on both fronts in recent times.
There is growing scepticism in Europe, however, about further enlargement after Bulgaria and Romania if the rules are not changed. This scepticism is also likely to involve the Western Balkans.
Thirdly, because on serious points at issue concerning Turkey's stand on issues of international law, the report is no more than a wish list, repeating the same wishes without, however, proposing any specific measures, such as to deal with the presence of 40 000 Turkish occupying troops in Cyprus and the fact that Turkey is provocatively ignoring UN decisions and resolutions, culminating in the refusal to recognise the Republic of Cyprus.
This line should represent our consensus, however, otherwise the signal sent to Turkey would be disastrous.
It strikes me, however, that this Eurlings report tends to lose sight of our objective – Turkey’s membership of the EU.
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament endorsed the report, however. It was adopted in committee with 54 votes in favour.
At the same time, however, Turkey should immediately ratify and apply the Additional Protocol by the deadline in question.
Perhaps, however, we will have the answer to this later on.
In addition, however, Turkey’s immensely important strategic role for the European Union has been made clear.
The experience of our own countries demonstrates that the debate on the past, however distressing it may be, always comes about as a result of an act of awareness within our societies and rarely, if ever, as a result of an order, of a diktat from outside.
The Court of Justice decided, however, that there were no grounds for imposing the fine requested by the Commission.
Commissioner, thank you so much for your thorough response. I must admit, however, that it did not really ease my fears.
Before we can bring those proceedings, however, we must have enough data.
At the same time, however, I wish to emphasise that I consider the provision for additional economic and other encumbrances caused by disability to be counterbalanced to be particularly important, in order to ensure equal participation of persons with disabilities in the programme's activities.
It should not be taken for granted, however, as permanent measures are needed to keep it that way.
It is no good praising the euro as unforgeable and giving it various security features, however, if our citizens and cashiers are unfamiliar with these features or unable to use them properly.
I should, however, like to stress that we would have liked to have found some slightly more binding elements in this text.
I must, however, reiterate concerns that I have raised repeatedly about earmarking, which remains central to the Commission’s guidelines.
I am worried, however, about the gaps, the shortcomings in relation to the rural environment, the funds for which are not very …
It is, however, as everyone knows, quite late in the day to be talking about this, here and now.
It is regrettable, however, that, in this quest for balanced development, the border regions underpinning regional policy should sometimes be very different entities in terms of size and population and may have significant disparities linked to the statistical nomenclature.
Let us not forget, however, that the Lisbon Strategy is primarily based on the notion of promoting European competitiveness, as opposed to the notion of solidarity on which the cohesion policy is based.
Unfortunately, however, the adoption of this document has been greatly postponed in comparison with the original timetable.
Police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters has, however, remained excluded from the scope of such communitisation.
I finally had to say that if the chain has come off, however, it is difficult to get going again.
The size of the problem, however, is such that much more work is needed.
Procedures are not everything, however, and I wonder what policy will now be implemented on these topics by Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
France, Spain and Portugal, however, obstructed every solution at European level, while northern Member States now fail to react to requests for help.
We must not, however, in any instance allow our borders to be controlled externally.
It could be said, however, that such measures may become a means of getting round the rules, which are designed precisely to keep the problem under control.
Talk of progress is premature, however, when the Commission is unable or unwilling to honour its commitments for 2007 as regards the expansion of the Schengen area.
The third point of reference is more positive, however: we have to acknowledge that we are facing a new challenge for our civilisation to address.
The European Union, however, has been following an over-ambitious immigration policy for years, to the detriment of the interests of its own citizens.
In Europe, however, it would appear that some people wish to draw a line and say that democracy does not count here.
What is not clear, however, is the title of the press release issued at the end of the Tampere Summit: ‘Ministers call for greater solidarity and cooperation.’
The greatest and most recent threat, however, comes from terrorism, as Mr Frattini pointed out earlier.
I must also say, however, that I was ashamed, not at what the Spaniards were doing – they were doing their best – but at the lack of solidarity on the part of the European countries that had promised to help Spain but did not do so.
Remind your colleagues, however, that a common border has to be managed and protected jointly.
It is, however, a debate on the progress made in the area of freedom, security and justice.
When it comes to borders, however, it appears that each Member State has their own, and they do not feel the need to share responsibility for other borders.
It is the Council, however, that has to decide to address a situation that has been a human tragedy for some time.
For that not to be just empty rhetoric, however, we have to give up the hypocrisy of grandiose, theoretical statements of principle at Council meetings and stop using the immigration issue for domestic political ends, a practice that is utterly unacceptable and irresponsible.
In this case, however, we will all fall together, in unison.
Mr President, I wish to thank Parliament for an excellent debate. I regret, however, that there has been insufficient time.
A proactive European immigration policy is not, however, the same thing as illegal immigration under the control of organised crime.
Some, however, are criticising the Union for providing too little too late.
European data protection provisions, however, categorise the USA as a third country with poor data protection security, something irreconcilable with the agreement on passenger data, which is itself worthy of criticism.
Beyond straightforward counterfeiting, there has also, however, been the recent emergence of new coins confusingly similar to two–euro coins.
On the flip side, however, does it mean taking them into account in order to suggest that someone is guilty on the basis of actions that are not regarded as criminal in their country of origin?
This report is no doubt worthy, however we need strongly to reiterate the prime importance of respecting different national legal traditions rather than following too prescriptive a path.
In order to give the European economy fresh impetus, however, the EU must make another qualitative leap ahead to complete its internal market and thus to derive maximum benefit from it.
This recognition cannot, however, be presented as a prerequisite for accession, in view of the Copenhagen criteria.
The issue must not, however, be allowed to determine whether or not the negotiations with Turkey are to continue.
If and when that day comes, the June List would, however, welcome Turkey.
A further 28 chapters remain open, however, without even mentioning the Copenhagen criteria.
The Peace Agreement was expected to end the three-year long conflict, which has claimed almost 300 000 lives and driven more than two million people into exile. Four months on, however, security and the humanitarian situation in the region are rapidly deteriorating.
Darfur cannot, however, be left in a ‘security vacuum’.
It is important to act quickly, however, before this space closes up.
At the same time, however, any kind of Sudanese veto against the United Nations would be unacceptable: there are hundreds of thousands of innocent lives at stake, and we need to do something for them.
Five resolutions later, however, in Resolution 1706, we unfortunately find – as regards its application –international indifference and international hypocrisy.
For it to play that role, however, the great political debate that we must address is how Europe can take these values beyond its borders and uphold them when there are other parties like the Sudanese Government, which tolerates and encourages fundamentalism and the most violent, horrible excesses committed by the militias.
Although we will not be launching an FTA at the summit, we will, however, be making positive signals that we are heading in that direction.
In line with European standards, however, these difficulties should be openly discussed and gradually resolved.
We trust, however, that it will develop into a cooperation partnership , free from the fetters of the past, which may be read as a reference to colonialism.
I wish, however, to concentrate here on one big issue: that of why human rights problems are not accorded importance in the report.
We must not, however, ignore the scourge of child labour, in many cases involving very young children.
There are other factors, however, that the Union ought to draw to India’s attention.
At the same time, however, it should be stressed that India is the biggest beneficiary under the Generalised System of Preferences, with preferential access to the Union's market.
Under no circumstances, however, should such a bilateral agreement be interpreted in terms of a negation of our attachment to multilateralism.
Despite this positive trend and many other improvements, however, foreign investors in India continue to face considerable problems.
Compared with men, however, their compensation is in most cases 20 to 50% lower for the same work.
Its implementation, however, is more than a formality.
Their role in making political and economic decisions, however, is unjustifiably small.
In the case in question, however, these general objectives may have to be achieved by means of an increase in the engine capacity and the size of the vessels, which will afford more comfort and safety at work, and by means of investment in diversification into activities such as tourism.
Precisely when we need to tackle this situation, however, the lack of commitment and support contained in the Commission’s Communication is regrettable, since it only provides for measures offering a long-term solution and, even then, they are the most painful solutions for the sector, such as restructuring of the fleet.
Given the current situation, however, we also need short-term solutions, and the Commission has ignored these completely.
The responses put forward by the Commission, however, fall well short of what was needed and the sector considers them disappointing.
The last remark requires qualification, however, because the fishing industry will die out once the seas are depleted of fish.
The EU is, however, showing its true face in this case: that of an uncompetitive economy that is prepared to do anything to protect its production, at the same time as excluding the world’s poor.
A more contentious issue in this debate, however, is the weight of fins as a percentage of the total weight of the shark.
Having said that, however, I would like to say briefly that we are only talking about one part of the legislation on organic products.
As regards patents, however, the United States’ worldwide share is 42%, whereas the EU stands at 36%.
The report does, however, also consider this side of things.
I should, however, like to point out that the fears about the consequences for people’s health are not unfounded.
The truth is that, however effective it might be, development cooperation policy will never by itself succeed in responding to the many challenges posed in the countries of the South.
Although, however, it is obvious that financial resources are indispensable to effective aid, that cannot be enough.
It is, however, the European Union which provides over half of the public aid in the world and is the biggest donor in the world.
They will not, however, tolerate waste, inefficiency, a lack of transparency and sham activities, hence the importance of improving efficiency.
It falls short, however, of what is required.
The balance that was sought at the time, however, remains too fragile today.
This will only be achieved, however, with clear, practical rules that facilitate legal immigration and prevent illegal immigration, which is a Europe-wide problem.
We must point out, however, that the report ought to go further in that it failed to criticise the liberalisation of international trade and the detrimental impact that this has on the people of less developed countries, and in particular on women.
I would, however, have liked the European Parliament to have gone further in terms of demanding a specific programme for Mediterranean fisheries.
We regret, however, that the call to set up a public insurance policy for the fisheries sector to deal with unexpected events was removed.
We are also, however, advocates of a sustainable fisheries sector, and so we oppose the renewal and modernisation of the fisheries fleet except in so far as it is done on the basis of sustainability.
I wish to comment in particular on the fact that the European Union may record a positive statistical balance in its economic and trade relations with the countries of Asia; however, this cannot conceal the unfortunate fact of Asia's shortcomings in the protection of human rights and democratic freedoms and defence of the principles of tolerance and diversity.
I do, however, want to congratulate the Commission – and, in this instance, the Council too – on the ASEM summit.
It should be borne in mind, however, that we can only support this Convention when it meets the criteria deemed essential by the Union.
The kind of change we have in mind, however, must satisfy the needs of both large businesses and small and medium-sized European firms.
For the moment, however, we are in the process of approving the Minutes.
It does not seem unreasonable, however, to regard this as a deliberate escalation and provocation by the DPRK, possibly to test the ability of the international community to remain united.
We can, however, once again sound a warning regarding this issue and, of course, we can here and now condemn it.
On the other hand, however, listening to the speeches by Mrs Ferrero-Waldner and Mr Solana, I was not really convinced that the reasons for North Korea's actions have been thoroughly analysed.
On the other hand, however, I would just also like to ask some provocative questions that occurred to me a few days ago, reading the comments made in the media by Mr ElBaradei, head of the Atomic Energy Agency, our watchdog.
This time, however, they unfortunately failed to convince North Korea, and instead of a meeting, a nuclear test has taken place.
Let us also point out, however, that North Korea is not a signatory to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The markets in the growing economies, however, also mean that there is a huge potential for exports from the Union.
The question is, however, what conclusions they will draw.
It is inevitable, however, that the issue of freedom of the press should also be addressed.
At the same time, however, our agreement with Russia should not be pursued at the cost of tolerating violations of human rights and media freedom.
These authorities have, however, been specified in the agreement.
That does not, however, prevent Member States from using a parliamentary ratification procedure.
The push system is used in the case of Canada, however, and is perfectly feasible in technical terms.
You know equally well, however, that this temporary agreement has been negotiated very urgently to avoid the anarchy to which Mr Cashman has referred.
You know full well, however, that this letter is a unilateral act, not part of the agreement.
I would point out, however, that it is, in actual fact, the EU that, together with the United States, is mainly responsible for the WTO negotiations having stalled.
I would also ask him, however, to ensure that the people who have had some very positive experiences in these countries also be given the opportunity to continue to do good work for the EU and for these countries.
The countries must increasingly do their own work, however - albeit with our help and support - as we cannot take it off them.
I wish, however, to remind you of three fundamental issues, which are, actually, in the report and that I would like to bring to the fore.
This high level of protection has a high economic price, however, which may reduce the competitiveness of our agri-food industry.
The way such fights look at present, however, they are about cruelty to animals, something that must not be subsidised.
We are, however, doubtful about and, indeed, opposed to having an animal protection authority under the auspices of the EU.
There are, however, certain values that must be protected at any cost, such as human rights and basic animal protection.
What unites all of the investigations, however, is the fact that they are either limited to specific sectors or nationally or that they are founded precisely on an empirical basis which basically goes so far back that it is barely suitable for generalisation purposes.
It must also be stated categorically, however, that rationalisation, further differentiation in these areas, is required.
In my opinion, however, it is not a question of deregulating all the sectors affected in the same way, irrespective of their different nature.
All in all, however, the report puts forward the known liberalisation demands and even goes beyond them by approving, for instance, the area of investment as the subject of a chapter in the EU-Mercosur agreement.
As a result of international protests, however, this has been deleted in its entirety from the Doha development round negotiations.
Mercosur, however, seems weakened by the asymmetry of its members and by their sometimes divergent interests.
Many of us are of the opinion, however, that it would diminish the importance of the Agency if we renounced broadening its scope to include the third pillar.
But it is also essential to include matters of justice, security and policing, since, by their nature, police, judicial cooperation and criminal law measures, however desirable, are the most likely to raise concerns about human rights.
Therefore, I believe that the new agency may help us move forward; however, its current powers are insufficient.
In order to make progress, however, this cooperation, police cooperation and cooperation on crime, could, I think, be implemented in a more restricted form than in the Commission's proposal, for it to get through.
We have also, however, emphasised the need for this process to be accompanied by measures guaranteeing democratic and legal control.
The middle way envisaged by the Commission consists of adding some European elements to a system that is however, and will remain, essentially intergovernmental.
We would still like to stress, however, that we are positively disposed towards the Commission's Action Plan on the Protection and Welfare of Animals.
As so often in this Parliament, however, the report also, unfortunately, contains a number of points, the aim of which is to further the development of the EU into a federal superpower and to increase Parliament's power at the expense of the Member States.
I feel, however, that there should be some caution in liberalising services (particularly public services).
The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 is unique, however, for none of the other opposition movements involved armed battle against the Soviet army, and in no other instance did a country withdraw from the Warsaw Pact and declare its neutrality.
Given not only that Turkey continues to occupy the northern part of Cyprus, but also that it has never provided any information or details about the missing persons, and given that the relatives of the missing persons have been suffering for three decades now, I would ask Parliament to take the initiative of demanding that Turkey supply all the information it has on the missing persons, however awful it may be, so that this suffering can be brought to an end.
The expected assistance did not come, however, not even in the form of official declarations.
It is important to remember, however, that the impact of the Union's energy policy extends beyond the energy sector, and that the three political objectives of energy policy are to ensure the security of energy supplies, to ensure competitiveness and to protect the environment, notably by countering climate change.
Mr President, I should like to say, however, that the Council did not always do the right thing.
These are, however, technical problems in the system for which the European Parliament cannot be held responsible.
In the SIS II system, their use is, however, relatively uncontroversial because the database concerned contains, for the most part, information about people sought by the authorities.
What is, however, much more controversial is the use of fingerprints in the future common Schengen visas, which will be issued by the new Member States too.
It is common knowledge, however, that the current arrangements for data protection within the third pillar are unsatisfactory.
I agree with the rapporteur, however, that it is not acceptable for the Council to introduce amendments to the compromise already reached in the three-party talks.
The citizens of Europe do not appear to be particularly worried about co- or framework decisions; they are, however, worried about the increasing number of stolen cars finding their way to eastern European Member States and would like us to take the necessary steps to fight that growing area of crime.
At the same time, however, the ministers are unfortunately persistent in their refusal to harmonise the alerts system.
This also means, however, that we must do more work both on combating crime and on protecting personal privacy.
Following enlargement, however, the system has been unable to cope with the citizens of the new Member States.
The problem, however, is that the completion of the information system has been delayed.
Our homework would, however, be much more effective if there were certainty concerning the future.
I want to call on the European Parliament here, however, to do some serious soul-searching about why we so often insist on having codecision, only to give it up again as soon as we can actually use it, and about our flip-flopping attitude concerning data protection.
It is the case, however, that it can cause us problems if we do not manage it properly.
If the parliaments are not careful, however, they may cause problems that turn into xenophobia and racism in our societies, and that is precisely what we must prevent.
I should, however, like to point out to us all that, in reality, these women are used and exploited by European families and European businessmen.
In our future deliberations, however, it is essential to make a clear distinction between asylum policy, legitimate migration and illegal migration.
Otherwise, we will carry on making important statements of principle without being able to translate them into practical action, something that I, however, intend to do.
This is not, however, just about the financial loss to the EU.
As Natura 2000 does not specifically feature in the financial regulations, well, it will undoubtedly be environmental volunteers who produce the results. We should not get our hopes up too much, however, regarding the share that will be reserved for the protection of nature and biodiversity, despite the fact that, at the European Parliament's first reading, we were virtually unanimous in our support of an ambitious European policy.
The Commission may, of course, encourage spending on Natura 2000; however, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, the Member States have the jurisdiction and discretion to decide on the extent to which they wish to make use of these funding opportunities.
It is, however, with the same pleasure and the same convictions that I take her place.
At present, however, many experience an indifference on the part of the EU in respect of those values that cannot quickly be converted into money.
Coordinated European civil protection is not, however, the solution to the problem, especially in the form in which it appears in this proposal.
By the end of 2003, however, this had not declined, but risen to 16 days.
There are, however, significant differences between national provisions and the way individual procedures operate.
We can, however, try to be so, in uniting Europe at last, in forgetting our quarrels, in correcting our own errors, in increasing our efforts and our solidarity'.
One thing is completely clear, and that is that however bitter oppression may be in any particular case, however painful a dictatorship, it will not last forever.
They do not speak, however, of rejecting those ideas that led and inevitably lead to dictatorship and oppression.
I feel, however, that the social partners should develop such a charter in conjunction with the relevant bodies at national level.
Prevention, however, is not free; it requires considerable funding.
Improved screening and treatment alone are not enough, however: we also need to examine the causes of cancer.
Given that social and medical policy is always measured in units, and that those units are individual human beings, any progress, however great or small, can ultimately be converted into human lives, and I am convinced that we can achieve such progress and that the outcome of this will be clear.
As far as European cultural heritage is concerned, however, it may be justified for certain matters to be dealt with at Community level.
Primarily, however, the establishment of mechanisms to respond to 'terrorist action' cannot be accepted.
A coordination centre able to assist in directing fire-fighting helicopters to where they are most needed at the time is, however, a sensible and cost-effective idea.
We must, however, come what may, prevent culturally and religiously motivated problems such as forced marriages, honour killings and genital mutilation from occurring in the first place.
I should like, however, to emphasise that I am very committed to protecting women's rights.
This level corresponds to 19.65% of the administrative expenditure under Chapter V. In this regard, however, Parliament is not renouncing its traditional 20% share.
I believe, however, that the timetable that I have referred to will give everyone sufficient time to formulate a comprehensive overall solution.
Is it fair, however, for us, in the name of that power, to make it more difficult for these same institutions to exercise their prerogatives?
That the budget we are presenting today is clearly a responsible one is shown, however, by the fact that Parliament has not tried to challenge the interinstitutional agreement.
There is certain to be a difference of opinion, however, on the issue of posts and salaries in administration.
If, for example, I were to purchase a building in London or Paris over the next few days, I am not sure that we could, in a few weeks, release the funds for which we had, however, made provision the previous year.
It is therefore a very good idea to stay below the 20% mark whilst, however, remaining very much on the alert in case an opportunity should present itself.
The European strategic plan will, however, include other important advances.
When they are at home, however, the situation is very poor; 25% of the population cannot get broadband.
There is no guarantee, however, that those situations that we saw in the past, before the existence of the euro, are not going to re-emerge in the future.
We cannot change the conditions for assessing whether or not the Treaty's conditions are met, however, regardless of how much we want our assessment of compliance with those criteria to be positive.
For the other Member States of the euro zone, however, I cannot see any immediate effect whatsoever apart from the very positive fact that the Union will have two new Member States.
It does, however, highlight the importance and necessity of getting programmes of this kind up and running.
Many of the residents of our country agree that the main reasons motivating people to study are constantly growing labour market requirements and better self-improvement and self-expression opportunities; however, for half of our citizens their age has become a barrier, as they believe they are too old to study.
I would also, however, like to communicate my concern with regard to the implementation of the lifelong learning programme.
As time passes, however, I am finding it harder to remain optimistic.
All too often, however, the programme introduces innovative learning methods instead of opening up the field for the innovations themselves and for future researchers.
I would, however, Commissioner, like to address one other problem, one that has been raised by those who benefit from the programmes and by those who run them.
There is, however, something that I need to get off my chest.
A general discussion on European globalisation blues will also form part of the debates within this programme, however, as will the question as to how we can strike a balance between excessive neoliberalism on the one hand, and statism or excessive protectionism on the other.
Insufficient consideration was given, however, to the important fact that, while one group aims to create a single 'one size fits all' European model of national identity as quickly as possible, another inclines towards a Europe of nations, where the sense of national identity would be respected.
Over the longer term, however, it is vital that the chemical be replaced by substances that are not harmful to the human body.
The problem with PFOS is not the use of the substance in these sectors, however, but the fact that it is still found in old textiles such as carpets and clothing and reaches the environment via these.
We must also tackle the root of the problem, however, as the concentration is particularly high in this case.
At no point in this debate, however, must it be forgotten that the EU is the most open trading area in the world and that the Europeans also have legitimate interests to safeguard.
At the same time, however, we are against distorting competition and against our partners' achieving competitive advantages by relying on underhand practices in infringement of international trade rules.
There are, however, often differences of opinion about how to achieve this objective.
It is, however, a path that is best described by a quotation that I would like to read to you.
However difficult this process may be and however unsure its result, we support and we will continue to support those people who have decided to run the risk of taking a different direction to that of the Aznar Government, which quite clearly did not achieve any real results.
There are, however, only around 10 to 12 countries in the world where people, nation and geographical unit combine to form a higher unit.
It remained unclear, however, as to whether this would then mean opening up markets on both sides or only in one direction. Moreover, if it were in one direction, which one would it be?
Perhaps, however, we should focus on a more social development model?
The discussion must, however, be seen as only the start.
I believe, however, that this mechanism has been used little and in a very bureaucratic way.
In this case, however, to act otherwise was impossible.
How, President Putin, are we to do this, however, when you are giving a show of strength to a small country like Georgia?
I, however, would like to focus on another important subject discussed at the summit, namely innovation and technological progress.
It is also very important, however, to involve the new Member States of the European Union in the process of developing cutting-edge technologies.
More importantly, however, the more they insist on addressing immigration solely as a policing issue with repression, the more they will undermine our future.
Last month, however, Putin informed Western journalists that if Kosovo were to be separated from Serbia, Ossetia, Abkhazia and Transnistria would definitely break away.
I fear, however, that we have yet to achieve any actual unity and harmony when it comes to promoting energy issues.
When we talk of cooperation with Russia, however, we should not make Russia or the Russians out to be monsters.
From another point of view, however, the Hungarian Revolution and struggle for independence provided the first and weightiest evidence of the instability of the Communist regimes in the central European States, which possessed different historical, political, and cultural traditions from those of the Soviet Union.
Austria's aid was not, however, restricted to helping the refugees.
According to our lists, however, this vote should have been on the Socialists' resolution and we voted against, in the belief that it was the second vote.
I should, however, have liked the reasoning to have revolved around rejection on principle of the examination of a matter internal to a Member State.
Parliament and the European Council are, however, playing their full role by giving the Spanish authorities the moral and political support that they are entitled to expect.
The Integrated Programme is unfortunately, however, not open to all countries in the Union's neighbourhood.
It is quite clear, however, that this globalisation is far from being a 'win-win' situation, and that so-called 'fortress Europe' is full of holes, but that it allows the construction of real fortresses all over the world, particularly in the most promising markets.
The Muscardini report is, however, redolent of protectionism, which is why I voted against it in today's vote.
The latest espionage scandal, however, has acutely exacerbated the already strained relations between Georgia and Russia.
The facts, however, do not bear this out.
Unless the parties themselves actually commit to a peaceful solution, however, they cannot be forced to do so from the outside.
As the honourable Member says in his question, the Court of Justice of the European Communities on 13 September 2005, however, overturned the Council Framework Decision of 27 January 2003 on the protection of the environment through criminal law.
The ban does not, however, apply to normal ship's waste and bilge water, but it is equally clear that the bilge water on the Proba Koala was not normal.
Now, however, the Court of Justice has confirmed that the Commission's views were correct.
The Council, however, does not have to propose that appropriations should be granted for Frontex's budget for additional action.
We also of course believe, however, that it would be difficult to justify to our citizens the establishment of a Fundamental Rights Agency which would be denied the right to exercise the key competences necessary to do its job and undertake action under the third pillar.
I would, however, like one further specific piece of information.
I have had it confirmed to me, however, that this question was touched upon as part of the issue of regional stability and the situation in the region.
Looking at the results, however, there is not much reason to celebrate.
All of these actions will only be effective, however, if the institutional framework is suitable.
In order to be able to undertake it, however, further significant investment is needed.
We would, however, like the Commission to clarify the issues thrown up by the ruling in the case of the City of Halle, among other rulings from the ECJ.
We are, however, all agreed that, as the Commissioner so wisely said, there is no need to tear up existing legislation on public procurement.
We do not, however, have closed minds on this point and, just as Mr Langen said, we thus support Amendment 21 by Mrs Weiler.
I am sorry to have to say, however, that unfortunately the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs did not take account of what I believe were the main findings which were voted through in my opinion on behalf of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Swedish trade unionists were very complacent, however, because those made redundant were foreign workers, namely Latvians and Poles.
Mrs Schroedter's report, however, takes the opposite approach.
In that case, it will, however, have to include the parts to which I have referred.
That should not, however, be taken to mean that these agreements, reached between the Member States and the two sides of industry, actually do guarantee living wages.
I also have sufficient experience, however, of what is happening within the labour market legally, illegally or partly-legally to know that people are indeed exploited and that it is the scope for posting workers across the border that is used to circumvent the rules.
The experience until now, however, has left much to be desired.
I also hope, however, that the European Central Bank realises that it should not overplay the subject of independence.
There is, however, always controversy when we debate appointments to the ECB and the primary task of the Bank.
Behind this facade, however, as Mr Parish has already pointed out, lies the fundamental consideration of the funding of agricultural policy in the coming years and the position of Parliament on this issue.
Personally speaking, however, I would be in favour of postponing both.
We should, however, be making the journey at a later date.
To call such expenditure 'superfluous' is, however, inappropriate, to say the least.
This does not automatically mean, however, that more funds should be made available for priority budget lines.
In the majority of the amendments, however, a decision has, unfortunately, been made to increase the budgeted means after all.
We reject, however, the proposals to increase the appropriations for agricultural aid and regional aid.
in writing. - (FR) I voted in favour of the report on appropriations to the European Parliament. I regret, however, that paragraphs 18 and 44 were not subject to split votes, as I would have voted against them.
We are vehemently opposed, however, to some of the key points in the report.
This does not mean, however, that the EU should be a passive member of the international community.
What they overlook, however, is that private firms keep the profits and the State always ends up carrying the can when the partnership turns sour or fails to deliver the profits that the private businesses were looking for.
The difference this time compared to previous occasions, however, is that we have filmed evidence demonstrating that the Chinese authorities' attempts to deny these events are deceitful and that, at the same time, the Xinhua news agency's attempts to show that this action was in self-defence is entirely without foundation.
It was unusual, however, in that this barbaric behaviour was caught on film.
There have also been European victims, however, Belgian and Spanish, particularly priests.
Sadly, however, the country continues to be marred by the impunity characterising not just past but also present crimes.
Nor, too, however, must we allow cooperation between this House and other parliaments to put diplomatic relations at risk.
In view of the discussions and initiatives promoted and taken forward by the European Parliament, however, I believe that this body would prefer to deal with human rights violations and related problems anywhere in the world except in the territory of the EU itself.
I would venture to say, however, that the conservative majority is deliberately and cleverly turning Parliament into a kind of tame guard dog that is happy to remain on its own side of the fence and bark at the neighbours.
That celebration, however, took quite an odd turn because the people were not allowed to participate.
It is even more detrimental, however, when certain politicians, certain political parties feel justified in pronouncing judgment prior to the inquiry undertaken by the appointed independent judicial body.
The big offender, however, is the United States of America.
Of particular concern, however, is the phenomenon of children lost to the system.
On the other hand, however, we are obliged to open up the market in financial services to everyone.
If we are to reverse these trends, however, the existing measures and efforts - be they at international, national or EU level - are clearly inadequate.
Finally, we would like territorial cohesion to be enhanced by an effective piece of work carried out at marine and submarine regional level, without, however, the Member States being exempted from their responsibilities in view of the objectives set by the management plans and the plans for measures aimed at restoring good ecological status.
What they all have in common, however, is that they should all be capable of achieving good ecological status within a specific period of time.
(EL) Mr President, systems to protect the marine environment are covered in a fragmentary manner by various sectoral policies of the European Union, with the result, however, that there is a compilation of policies, legislative acts, programmes and action plans, without any overall integrated policy for protecting the marine environment.
Overall progress towards good environmental status must be shown, however, which is why the Commission has proposed the idea of 'achieving good environmental status'.
It cannot accept, however, the proposal from the Committee on the Environment for the mandatory creation of marine protected areas as part of the implementation of the proposed Directive.
The Commission's proposal does, however, contain an article that gives rise to a certain amount of concern.
On the other hand, however, we cannot accept the liberalisation of milk production quotas from one day to the next before 2015.
It only normally creates jobs, however, for family farms.
At the same time, however, we hope that if the economy picks up then consumption will also rise.
On the other hand, however, it is worth our emphasising that the Commission proposal tries to improve the outcome of this highhandedness on the part of the European Council towards both the institutions and the Treaty itself.
The funding requirements for rural development policy are, however, real, and I fear more people abandoning our rural areas.
The Court has reached the conclusion that the consolidated annual accounts of the EU general budget for 2005, totalling EUR 105 billion, are reliable. I must qualify this audit opinion, however, in the light of the net overvaluation of assets and the inconsistent application of cut-off procedures.
Like you, however, the committee has also contemplated the political significance of the report after its publication.
The Court of Auditors does not, however, present a positive statement of assurance concerning other areas, for instance research programmes and structural funds.
After analysis, however, OLAF was unable to confirm any of the fraud cases of which it had been informed.
It is a fact, however, that Europe is the proud owner of 200 000 virtual cows that receive subsidies even though they do not exist.
The Commission does support, however, all amendments aimed at ensuring that Parliament be kept properly and continuously informed about the SESAR programme.
I should like to mention, however, the positive spirit of collaboration with the Commission and to say that Parliament will keep a close eye on events and that it will do all it can to help even if it is not represented on the Administrative Board.
It should, however, stimulate compatible solutions in other parts of the world.
Mr President, Commissioner, the SESAR is a very good idea, but you will, however, need to tell us directly something that not even you know: what will its scope be?
It will be probably difficult, particularly in the new Member States, to ask all households to replace the thermometers they use for measuring body temperature; however, we should be able to limit their use.
At the same time, however, it identified areas where further analysis was required, for example on mortgage funding, before the Commission could decide on the appropriate policy responses.
I therefore welcome the conclusion of this agreement. I am very disappointed, however, that three Member States - Sweden, Slovenia and Estonia - have yet to sign up to the Convention.
It is not enough, however, for us merely to sign up to conventions of this nature.
Exceptions may, however, be authorised in cases where there are no alternative solutions yet available and in rare cases of keeping traditional barometers, museum collections and industrial heritage.
It must be emphasised, however, that compulsory modulation - involving the long-term abolition of direct subsidies - continues to be the objective.
We feel, however, that this objective is not best served by subjecting it to the interests and pressures of the private sector.
Before going on to create other structures, however, let us firstly take stock of the existing structures. Otherwise, you are in danger of one day proposing to us the creation of a new agency designed to divide up and supervise the agencies in each Member State.
It is therefore essential for these priority areas to be seen as challenges that will have to be taken up. It is also, however, a question of communicating more with all Europeans.
I would, however, like to make three points.
As far as I know, the parliaments have not, however, responded once.
At the same time, however, we are offering Parliament and the other institutions the opportunity to acquaint themselves, in the course of the next six months, with what we are including in our programme and the opportunity to draw their conclusions in advance if the work is complete.
I would like to refer more specifically, however, to an issue that is very important and that cuts across everything we are talking about, and which the President of the Commission has not mentioned: the need to re-direct the Doha Round of development negotiations.
It is not, however, enough simply to keep on saying that; it also has to be brought to life.
We stress, however, that bilateral regional agreements should remain supplementary, as I said, to the multilateral trade system.
I shall not hide the fact, however, that I am very concerned in this regard.
This matter will continue to be looked into, however, as cooperation on justice and home affairs is just the sort of cooperation where Europeans expect and hope for effective action on the part of the Union.
The Union, takes a positive view of certain initiatives, however, to shed new light on the tragic events of 1915.
- (LT) Madam Minister, I fully agree that historians are the ones charged with evaluating history; however, they have different attitudes.
The promotion of human rights, however, is one of the European Union's main priorities.
This is now, however, a matter of concrete decisions which official bodies in Poland have taken, which is to say that they have completely rejected the perfectly reasonable application for YOUTH programme funding for no good reason whatsoever.
There is now no plan, however, to act on the basis of any sort of precedent, and the implementation of this Community programme and matters relating to its criteria are of course the responsibility of the Commission.
The Union, however, strongly supports Mr Ahtisaari's efforts and hopes that a solution to the question of status will be found.
Iceland, as she and everyone here knows, is not a member of the European Union; it is, however, a member of EFTA and a member of Schengen - although that is obviously not related to this.
It must be ensured, however, that the monopolies that the Member States already have truly pursue just one objective, namely the prevention of addiction, and that Member States do not use them to pursue other objectives, such as aiding the recovery of public finances or promoting sport.
In any event, however, it should be pointed out that every Member State has the right to regulate the phenomenon of betting for money on its territory until such time as another, European-level legal instrument appears.
The importance of 'cross-border' games does, however, require us to go beyond the national framework.
Opting for monolingualism, however, will make us poorer.
We also ask, however - and the Commissioner has already indicated that he is prepared to do this - that the Commission keep us informed on a regular basis.
There, are, however, a number of strings attached.
There is, however, one person I would like to single out, and that is the shadow rapporteur from the PPE-DE Group, Mr Harbour.
We have not, however, merely done something for employees; we have also ensured that there are gains from this services directive for the economy, the service providers.
The Services Directive does not, however, represent an end to the development of the internal market in services.
There is one more point I would like to make, however, and it is one that is just a little unpleasant.
I should also like to thank my fellow Members from the other political groups, however, particularly the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats.
At the same time, however, nobody has bothered to mention the large number of areas to which the directive still applies.
There are, however, thousands of administrative obstacles to the development of this sector.
In my view, however, this is not about the tension between Poland and France, between the Netherlands and the Baltic States or whatever.
At the same time, however, we have always stressed that we must have every guarantee with regard to working conditions and the prohibition of illegal labour, and that these conditions must be respected throughout the territory of the EU.
This key to the opening of the European services market, however, broke off in Parliament's hands.
At this vote, however, I will support it.
It would, however, have been more logical, given that the codecision procedure has not been completed, to adopt amendments to clarify these elements within the articles themselves.
Fear and prejudice, however, will be dispelled with time, because practice will eventually overcome theory.
I should also like to thank all my fellow Members, however, especially those who refused from the outset to support efforts to achieve a qualified majority at first reading, because a compromise is always harder to champion than an individual position.
When we celebrate in 2006 the fact that restrictions on foreign service providers have to be justified and national measures against them proportional, however, we are actually celebrating the achievement of something that should have been taken for granted by 1994 at the latest.
I am pleased to observe, however, that with everyone's good will, this directive will be a success.
The neoliberal spirit, however, remains in the Council's common position, in that crucial issues about European workers' rights are not clarified.
What, however, the Services Directive provides is a basis. It is a first step, and not the last.
We would also like, however, to hear your ideas about how we can promote peace in Palestine.
At the same time, however, there is no question that we still have cultural differences and special identities and, in particular, our own languages.
The number of non-nationals in school classes should be limited to 30% as a matter of course, however, in order to facilitate integration, maintain quality standards and reduce the potential for cultural conflict.
This Indicator must not, however, be restricted to the five most widely spoken languages in the EU.
It must be remembered, however, despite the financial arguments that are trotted out, that of the costs incurred in the construction of modern Europe, this one is in a very good cause, the promotion of our tradition.
The compromise reached in the Council is a very fragile one, however, and there is no point in putting it at risk.
Let us be honest, however, and admit that the original version of the Directive, put forward by the European Commission three years ago, was much better and could have made a better contribution to achieving the aims of the Lisbon Strategy.
Above all, however, the Council text gives the Commission the power to oversee the application of the directive.
I believe, however, that this report has struck the right balance between the crucial need to open up the services sector to competition, whilst preserving the European social model.
This is an issue that the EU must consider for the future, however, as a means of making a genuinely European contribution in this regard.
It is the first time, however, that a discussion has revealed the formation of an opinion in this House that will entail a change in the EU's relations with one of its partner countries, namely Israel.
What the EU, a common system of law, cannot accept, however, is meeting lawlessness with lawlessness.
There is therefore a lack of proportionality. The fact is, however, that each of these deaths is pointless.
It is no excuse, however, for actions such as the bombardment of civilians and their houses, because Israel, too, has to understand that the only chance for it to enjoy peace and lasting security, as for a viable Palestinian state, consists in breaking the cycle of violence.
One is, however, entitled to expect a democratic state like Israel to behave in accordance with international law - something that cannot be demanded of terrorist organisations.
The EU Member States, however, do not have a shared view on how to deal with the rather restricted area of cluster bombs within the framework of the CCW.
Agreement on the protocol at the Review Conference, however, seems unlikely.
We have to acknowledge the fact, however, that the main stumbling block to achieving such a ban has a name that we all know: George W. Bush.
We shall not lose heart, however, because nobody believes that we should not provide resources for a common effort that will make us more effective when it comes to helping people.
When the draft was being considered at working group level, however, the Council, in April 2005, took the view that there could be no agreement on the issue in the form of an interinstitutional agreement, at least in terms of its content.
There was no agreement, however, on how this could be achieved.
The time has never been ripe, however, for a completely new proposal by the Commission.
When we discuss the specific characteristics of the region, however, we should not forget important factors which have shaped its character, which include historical factors, such as the stocks of chemical weapons from World War II that remain at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
We did, however, present a strategic plan on behalf of the Green Party.
From a social democrat point of view, however, there still remain a few controversial items outstanding.
The militaristic pill is sugared, however, by reference to humanitarian operations and crisis management.
I fear, however, that this list does not place sufficient emphasis on other aspects that I believe are just as important, if not more so.
For the workers, however, there are starvation wages and permanent austerity.
This report, however, goes well beyond the immediate ambitions of even those who drive ESDP at the moment.
In my view, however, the report's biggest asset is to be found in the long-term perspective that Karl von Wogau outlines for the ESDP.
Individual freedom of choice is not ruled out, however: people making a will may choose which law should govern the whole succession, either the law of their own nationality or the law of the country in which they are habitually resident at the time the choice is made.
Is this not, however, a question of subsidiarity?
I would, however, like to point out four problem areas in the report.
The Commission is, however, consulted and closely follows developments relating to the proposal, including those in the committees concerned.
Leaving aside the Irish overtones of that - I do not want to get into theological implications here, or divinity - I think that is, however, the ultimate step.
The necessary steps were not taken, however, since unfortunately in the course of school enrolment this autumn, it once again happened that a pupil with special educational needs was refused admission.
I also know, however, that group discipline sometimes imposes views that are not the right ones.
There is still, however, a long way to go to the establishment a European communication system in which European affairs are part and parcel of the public domain at the national level.
It is an unquestionable fact, however, that the human being is the most communicative being on earth.
The tragedy, however, does not entitle us to adopt a resolution that is the most unbalanced I have seen in my seven years in this Parliament.
We do not agree, however, that the EU should fund the Via Baltica highway project.
The proposals contained in the report, however, are built on a second illusion, namely the idea that nations can rely on supranational bodies to guarantee their security.
Under this proposal, however, it would instead be Maltese law that applied.
These women deserve my recognition, however, not for symbolic reasons, but on their merits.
In many cases, however, they are unquestionably similar, because illegal immigration has become part and parcel of genuine human trafficking, the most appalling form of which is carried out for the purposes of sexual exploitation.
The placebo effect will not last long, however, because the real difficulty - the lack of controls at the European Union's internal borders - remains.
It is true, however, that it is impossible for our Eurocrats to challenge the sacrosanct rule of free movement of persons!
It is not enough, however, to focus on immigration laws.
This is not the case, however, in Bangladesh, where Mr Choudhury has been put on trial and could be executed for his articles.
US and British policy in particular, however, is doing precisely that, rather than engaging in sensitive political negotiation.
I wish to point out once again, however, that Parliament should support human rights and non-discrimination anywhere in the world.
The absolutely most flagrant breach of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, to which Iran is indeed a signatory, however, is the death penalty for minors.
I would, however, like to share with you briefly my own reflections and I look forward greatly to hearing your own perceptions in this afternoon's debate.
While Mr Ahern was quite clear in making the future of Europe dependent on what becomes of a constitutional treaty for the European Union, that does, however, presuppose that there has to be a long-term discussion process with that Union's citizens.
I do not see the text as submitted as providing any answers to a dichotomy that is, alas, all too often put to one side, for, although we have defined what wealth has been brought into this European Union of ours by way of every kind of people and nation - namely their highly diverse cultural identities - we have not, however, managed to define what we, together, are going to do with all this wealth.
At the same time, however, there is a sense in which the future has been put on ice until the second half of 2008, which is when the reflection period for the Constitutional Treaty is due to end after being extended for a second time.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, as the representatives both of the Council and of the Commission have indicated - without, however, spelling it out explicitly - there is no doubt that relations between the European Union and Russia have become problematic.
In the name of good relations, however, we should not disregard the package of demands which we need to put forward to Russia in order for this cooperation to be possible.
I do not think, however, in any case, that we should ignore any of our Member States.
The question arises, however, as to what that really means and how the Russians would understand being positive and interdependent.
These amendments do, however, reflect a statement signed by more than 400 Members, including myself.
It is important, however, to recognise the magnitude of the work already completed and its obvious effects, and to welcome almost 31 million new citizens of the European Union on 1 January 2007.
I am quite convinced, however, that both governments and parliaments are well aware of what has to be done.
It is clear, however, that Bulgaria is a pro-European country, as the recent elections proved, and it is now up to Bulgaria's decision-makers to continue their efforts and to follow their words with concrete and credible actions.
It is important to recognise, however, the enormous effort that has been put in to meet the European Union's requirements concerning the economy, legislation and social standards.
Many people have different views, however, partly because Romanian undertakings were not always in harmony with their fulfilment.
It is important, however, to ensure that this process is well planned and well administered in order to minimise its economic and social costs.
NGOs and civil society are not sufficient, however, to guarantee a political debate and control over governance.
I do regret, however, that the negotiations did not result in the extension of the instrument to cover conflict prevention.
I would, however, like to mention one of the conditions for the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union, namely the closure of the Kozloduj nuclear power plant.
I hope, however, that the outcome of negotiations will remain unchanged in view of the other amendments tabled.
We did, however, introduce a number of improvements including new partial solutions.
There is, however, one precept on which I believe we are in agreement.
Two amendments, however, diverge from the Council's position.
Today we must however take note that progress has been slow, although Framework Programme 6 has signalled a significant positive shift in European policy in this particular strategic sector.
For such a provision to bear fruit, however, investment in human resources in the field of science and technology, and particularly in young scientists, needs to be seen as crucial and of the highest relevance if we are to achieve the Lisbon goals that we have set for ourselves in the next financial package for 2007-2013.
Where we must work hardest, however, is in the new media policy, in order to boost the prestige of science and scientists in the Community, to promote what is referred to in America as the pioneering spirit and to ensure that the Seventh Framework Programme becomes the flagship of the Lisbon Strategy.
The economic and political situation and environmental protection do, however, call for definition of the priorities to benefit from particular financial and organisational support.
Where research is concerned, however, there are valid economic arguments in favour of more work being done by the EU.
We must, however, reject state intervention and increased bureaucracy.
Its main innovation, however, is the considerably higher level of funding which it has made available for research activities in the field of nuclear fusion.
It remains no less true, however, that research, if it is the subject of a policy based on the pursuit of excellence, is one of the few areas in which the European Union can truly deliver better results than national activities could achieve.
The manufacturers or importers will, however, continue to be subject to regular monitoring by competent authorities.
She regrets, however, that a Council amendment removes the obligation on Member States to draw up correlation tables.
There is, however, broad consensus that there is a clear added value in cooperation on health services at European level.
We need strong support and cooperation from all of the EU institutions, however, including Parliament, as they are responsible for the annual allocation of financial resources.
We are not on the right track, however, Mr President, when I still hear my fellow Members and when I read speeches preaching 'freedom', freedom that, for society, means inertia and, for civilisation, in this case, means regression.
In order to do so, however, we need resources, political responsibility, responsibility on the part of economic sectors and social and cultural responsibility.
For example, given the information we have, to oppose appropriate sex education for everybody, particularly the youngest people, in this day and age, is, however you look at it, an affront against life and dignity, and is quite frankly immoral.
We must of course be aware that however much we channel all our efforts into resolving the problem, it is a worldwide problem and the chances of our making progress are thus limited.
I must warn you, however - as I have done in the report - of the need not to create a new and so far non-existent barrier: the economic barrier.
There is a second element, however, which I should like to mention in closing, and which is key to overcoming this challenge: Europe needs to work together more!
There is also, however, cause to be surprised that Europe is so far behind in terms of innovation.
Bearing in mind, however, that a patent costs on average EUR 46 700 in Europe compared with EUR 10 250 in the United States, I think that we know, unfortunately, why this is so.
I would, however, like to focus on a different aspect today, namely the very marked differences in development within the European Union, at both national and regional level.
This agreement, in common with other fishing agreements with third countries, also raises important issues, however, as regards the economic viability of long-distance fishing fleets and the actual fishing opportunities granted in their field, given that the commercial nature of these agreements is constantly changing, and the partnership and development dimension has been strengthened.
We do have concerns however about the possible duplication of roles given the established role of the Council of Europe in these matters.
The June List believes, however, that, when a country actually has become an EU Member State, the same rules should be applied to it as are applied to the other Member States and their citizens.
According to the accession treaties, the individual Member States are, however, entitled to introduce transitional rules in this area for a limited period, and that entitlement must be respected.
Sadly, however, some proposals tabled by our group were not adopted, such as those relating to free software.
With regard to 'Cooperation', however, the shadow rapporteur has indicated a free vote, which we are also happy to accept.
We are, however, of the view that the HIV/AIDS issue should not be dealt with within the framework of EU cooperation.
Our discussions have still not had any practical impact, however, and our dreams of high economic growth may never come true as there may be nobody around to help achieve the desired growth.
We have had to give up one thing, which is extending the chemical safety report to small tonnages; that, however, was not a victim of this ascent, but rather an early retreat to base camp, since we have established a review clause that may possibly allow us to reintroduce this obligation in seven years' time, once appropriate checks have been performed along the whole supply chain.
We must be mindful, however, that the aim of this legislation is also to improve the competitiveness of the chemical industry, one that is very important in my own country and creates quite a number of jobs directly and indirectly.
There were an incredible number of ambiguities and instances of overlapping with other legislation, and we have now removed 'paper and pulp' and 'minerals and ores', these being important areas that do not, however, belong in this proposal.
One thing that has always been clear, however, is that we have a real pillar in the form of the fact that REACH has never been called into question by the industry.
It is common knowledge that hundreds of chemical substances contribute to occupational diseases and deaths; however the only thing that was pushed forward after a series of amendments and anti-scientific criteria, were the interests of the businessmen of the chemical industry at the expense of employees' health and the environment.
Most people in society, however, are asking for more health information and more health protection, and this is something that is only set to increase.
Rapid industrial development in the 20th century has meant, however, that our daily use of these substances has become not only a necessity but also a pleasure.
In seven years' time, when REACH is up and running, we shall, however, be able to come back and demand that it be further tightened up.
We now have to decide, however, whether to endorse the compromise - as my group and I shall be doing - or to adopt the Common Position.
From the point of view of legal form, however, this legislation is a directive and therefore needs to be implemented by the Member States, who will have to implement and also apply it correctly.
Nothing comes for free, however, and industry is therefore right to defend itself against higher costs.
There is, however, an argument that I have to demolish.
In the context of the Single Market and the electronic environment, however, there is no longer any grounds for this monopoly.
It is necessary, however, to ensure that there is harmonisation of the checking processes.
We considered, however, that its position was contrary to that of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection and we had to reject those amendments.
I am delighted, however, that our amendments have brought to light an abusive use of comitology procedures by the European Commission.
Beyond this little codification, however, we shall have to think of a customs codification that is legally equal to the challenges of globalisation.
I wish, however, to talk about one specific issue regarding customs policies.
For me, however, it is a question of injured people and their families.
Any alcohol intake, however small, will affect brain activity to some extent.
Do we really think, however, that these measures will result in fewer accidents in these countries?
It also considers, however, that some specific measures contained in the proposals aimed at amending Council Decision 90/424/EEC fall short of what is required.
The reaction and measures taken must be prudent, however, and preventive action is better than reaction.
There are, however, two diseases on the list today, for which Member States currently receive funding: Aujeszky's disease and bovine leucosis.
I must, however, remind you that the amounts proposed were calculated on the basis of the current customs tariff.
The transfer of packages to the POSEI programmes, however, is not coupled with any plan to continue this system of advances. This jeopardises the survival of producers who would therefore have to resort to private sector borrowing, at a time when the characteristic fluctuations of the commercial climate in this sector does not encourage banks to grant long-term loans.
As a whole, however, this proposal is a good one and fundamentally helps all of those outlying European regions that face great difficulties competing with third-country products.
I believe that the discussion prior to this corrective decision will be taken into consideration during the formation of the new proposal, however we will, of course, have the opportunity to discuss again at a reasonable time our future proposal regarding the labelling of feedingstuffs, trying, always something that is not easy, I admit to combine consumer protection, improved consumer services with a reduction in the costs incurred by other bodies involved.
I should like, however, to call on them to stop and think a moment.
We all know what a fallacy that is, however, and that there can be no efficiency without democratic rules, both when actions are decided upon and when the executive's actions are subject to control.
Unfortunately, however, sometimes good governance is not there.
Finally, however, common sense prevailed and the agreement was adopted.
In spite of everything, however, this compromise has its advantages.
We must remember, however, that billions of people on our planet lack the freedom that we enjoy.
We cannot rule out the possibility, however, that, led by an instinct for self-preservation, the Belarusian regime will accept Moscow's conditions and call a referendum to approve them.
I would, however, ask you to extend it and make it more flexible.
The most important thing, however, is that that message should make clear that our country belongs in Europe.
There must be a balance, however, so that any new directive that is passed is not unnecessarily obstructive to farmers and agricultural business.
Following the amendments introduced by Parliament, however, I support the final text of the regulation, which provides for time-limited legislation (2013) and a mid-term review (2009), the creation of a specific instrument for development policy - the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI) - as distinct from the policy of cooperation with industrialised countries, a single legal basis and the drafting of more detailed financial provisions.
These agreements must be applied to the letter; however, the promotion of the right to democracy cannot be a mere by-product of policies on cooperation, international trade or humanitarian aid.
The revision of the directive must not, however, be allowed to open up new grey areas, which is what we fear where product placement - formerly scorned as advertising by stealth - is concerned.
Where advertising is concerned, the PPE-DE Group supports the methods described by the rapporteur, adding however that advertisements need to be broadcast at the same volume as the programmes preceding them, as recommended in an amendment by the Committee on Culture and Education.
We are not, however, regulating the Internet as such; nothing produced by private consumers, no private homepages will end up being subject to the revised directive.
This right will, however, have to be exercised under reasonable conditions and in compliance with exclusivity rights.
I must say, however, that the 'Television without Frontiers' regulation, which has been in force for many years now, has proved its worth, by developing the television sector in Europe and by giving a real opportunity to European content.
I would, however, have preferred more courage to have been shown, for example regarding the introduction of product placement.
In this area too, however, the Member States need to be able, if they so wish, to legislate in such a way that there are regulations governing child pornography and copyright.
We believe, however, that the proposal by the Committee on Culture and Education is better than the Council's, and we therefore support this report.
I would however call upon the European Parliament's services immediately to begin the formal procedures for requesting the relevant permits for entry into the country.
If it is negative, however, Mr President, then that would demonstrate the attitude of the current Cuban Government, something of which the European institutions should take very good note.
I find it difficult, however, that when we are talking about human rights in the subcommittee, we are told that we cannot look at abuses within the EU.
We can, however, obviously improve the way we do things in this respect.
It was equally important, however, for me to ensure that the institutions were given the necessary tools and funds to function and operate efficiently.
It should, however, be stated that the information given to Members about the services available should be more effective.
This budget process also, however, contains some worrying prospects for the future.
This proposal regarding staff cuts, however, was unrealistic.
The main thing, however, is that there have been good levels of cooperation and the budget will be signed on Thursday.
The EU's expenditure is scrutinised by the Court of Auditors, which has still not, however, been able to issue a clean auditor's report.
Despite this effort, however, it cannot be said that Parliament has achieved much as a result of this year's budgetary procedure.
I shall finish, however, by simply expressing the hope that the Commission and our rapporteur will build on the work they have done thus far.
In some areas, however, the opening up of world trade has led to changes in the structure of our economies, which has in turn led to substantial job losses.
Parliament, however, could not accept the logic of this order of events.
I must, however, register my scepticism as regards the tight eligibility criteria laid down in Article 2.
Over and above these congratulations, however, I should like to guard us against a great danger: the illusions created by the communication on this Fund.
It is clear, however - and this debate has convinced me of this - that all criteria have been deeply thought through from all relevant points of view.
Finally, however, I would like to raise another point which is very important to me.
In spite of the fact that a lot of progress has been made in the area of equality, many surveys show, however, that such progress is very slow.
Without access to repair and servicing information, however, this cannot be guaranteed.
The greatest step forward in combating motor vehicle emissions, however, is in the area of nitrogen oxides.
The greatest step forward, however, will be taken in the planned Euro 6 step and affects diesel passenger cars.
In my view, however, our ultimate goal should be to integrate the regulation of access to repair information into the new type verifying framework directive.
Sometimes we agreed, sometimes we did not agree, however, at the end of the compromise I ask myself if the central responsibility for the negotiations really was in the hands of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
We in the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance wish, however, to make some basic improvements in three areas.
It would seem, however, that the measures envisaged are confined to the automobile sector.
That must not mean, however, that Turkey need not discharge these obligations in the long term.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs, Mr Brok and Mr Stubb (who is not stubborn but intellectually most flexible, however his name is pronounced!).
The truth is, however, that they have done what other twins should do.
It is also clear, however, that in order for enlargement to be a success, the European Union must be prepared to accept those new States.
Talking of Croatia and Turkey, it is certainly a good thing that we want Turkey to accede to the European Union; however, we stopped Croatia when it infringed the terms we had set it.
I should, however, also like to say something about what is termed 'capacity to act', which is, as I see it, of crucial importance.
Be that as it may, the main task right now is to strengthen and implement in-depth economic and institutional reforms, without, however, shutting the door on enlargement.
What is required, however, ladies and gentlemen, is a European campaign, because the countries of the West do not know the real cost of enlargement, and the new Member States have become scapegoats for problems within those countries.
Let us speak clearly, however, and keep these different agendas apart.
On some points, however, we also need to remember the limitations of enlargement.
In order, however, to retain support for this effective enlargement, the right balance must be struck in a few areas.
I do have one criticism to make, however: it seems to me, in fact, that, in perhaps wanting to do too much of a good job, the rapporteur has somewhat shifted the report away from its initial aim by making it more a report that concentrates on all of the reforms necessary within the European Union than on the more specific issue of integration capacity.
I do not, however, wish to aim any criticism at the rapporteur, Mr Sacconi.
We regret, however, that some amendments tabled by our group were not accepted, including the possibility of Member States introducing more stringent measures should they wish to.
Significant progress has been made, however, if we consider in particular the fact that only 3 000 substances are today being studied, and that it will be up to the chemical industry from now on to assume the burden of proof concerning the toxicity of substances, that is, to demonstrate that they are not harmful to humans.
I do, however, regret that a long-lasting solution should not have been found to the problem of imports from third countries.
I have one other comment, however, which is that five years is too long.
The EU cannot, however, merely 'heal the wounds' of globalisation.
We would, however, have liked to have seen the matter discussed further in order to have achieved a stronger form of words.
I do, however, have two major criticisms to make of this report.
The delegation of the Austrian People's Party, however, with its knowledge of the structure and size of Austrian businesses, has demanded an amendment to the effect that the Fund would become active as soon as 500 - rather than 1 000 - workers were laid off, and should give out a commensurate amount in funds.
In such a case, however, it would then also be up to the individual Member States to fund this aid, without the involvement of the European Union.
It is, however, absolutely essential that those states that want to become members fulfil the requirements made of them before they accede.
Do not, however, expect us to help subvert this concept and turn it into something it is not: a euphemism for blocking entry.
The US Department of Homeland Security did not make the system known to the public, however, until 2 November this year, when the news was published in a US official organ.
It would, however, be useful if the two parliaments - this House and Congress - could work together.
Practical cooperation, however, requires ground rules, and it is precisely these rules which we have found difficult to agree on.
It has become clear during the course of the Finnish Presidency, however, that the Member States are not keen on this solution.
For enlargement to succeed, however, our own internal development also needs attention.
We should also bear in mind, however, the paradox that the Copenhagen criteria have not been fulfilled by some EU Member States.
Presidencies-in-Office of the Council come and go, however, Mr President, but the Commission remains.
My impression, however, at a time when you are about to hand over the baton to the German Presidency, is that your own Presidency will not figure prominently in anyone's mind, given the problems that still loom. In the end, however, these problems are the responsibility not of one Presidency but of all of us.
Let me remind you, however, that at the informal summit at Lahti there was also a social summit, and as President Barroso mentioned, this autumn a decision on the Globalisation Adjustment Fund was reached.
The report, however, needs to be based on very intensive consultations with the Member States.
It is still not the time for a decision, however, and not even the time for negotiations.
As I said in my original speech, however, the Member States will consider, for example, volumes of legal immigration and how many people they want to take from their own point of view.
I would say again, however, that it is for the Commission to decide on protective measures for a Member State.
This is a crucially important matter, however, which deserves attention.
On this occasion, however, I shall give you the floor.
At this stage, however, it is impossible to say precisely when this will happen.
That was to be seen more as a symbol, however, because when driving licences are exchanged we really wanted a record to be made of the licences in circulation and to have documentation so that we know precisely how many driving licences are in circulation in the various countries and who owns them, so that information can be exchanged.
It was, however, Mr Grosch who, in cooperation with his shadow rapporteurs, spent weeks and months negotiating to get a proper, acceptable Council common position together at all.
With more than 110 different driving licences, however, controls are more than problematic.
It is, however, the Member States which bear the primary responsibility here.
The consensus achieved, however, built on the key axes of the directive, enables us to look ahead with optimism.
I still cannot understand, however, why we are allowing the Member States such long transitional periods.
On the contrary, matters are being simplified. It is only logical, however, for motorcyclists to be given some degree of training.
At the same time, however, due to our huge merchant fleet, we are also a country which faces huge problems in adapting to a new regulation which differs from international conventions and unavoidably results in rapid changes with economic repercussions.
It is a necessary requirement, however; one cannot be in the Schengen area without being in the Schengen Information System.
I must point out, however, that neither the United Nations study on violence against children nor the World Health Organization's world report on violence and health analyses this problem; it gets just a passing reference as if there were absolutely no need to examine it in greater depth.
There is also, however, an energy and transport policy for Europe's citizens and for thousands of small businessmen and tradesmen.
What, however, the majority in this House have, is a hammer, namely the European Union.
At the heart of it, however, these reports are problematical.
My biggest worry, however, is that so much of what we are asking for, such as trying to meet impossible targets for carbon dioxide and renewables, pays little regard to the economic cost.
On the other, however, you, Commissioner Piebalgs, declared in this House in February of this year that you would present a Directive concerned with heating and cooling this year.
It will, however, be necessary to keep a close eye on the overall energy yield of biomass.
I do, however, also have a critical comment.
Despite all of that, however, our investment in R+D in this field is still considerably lower than that of Japan or the United States, and most of it is dedicated to research into conventional energy sources.
In doing so, the Commission will, however, remain committed to maintaining the dual objective of the directive: to be an efficient instrument of return policy and, at the same time, an efficient protection instrument for the third country nationals involved.
This, however, has already been decided under the new Statute for Members, which will be implemented as of 2009.
Acknowledging that this is the case, however, does not mean that we must overlook the other side of the coin, namely the difficulties involved in integration.
This, however, is above all an issue that falls under the competence of the Member States.
As usual, however, the Commission and the European Parliament are attempting, in their zeal for regulation, to control the Member States' rules in this area in detail.
Having accepted the facility to transmit personal data to the police authorities and secret services in third countries, such as under the agreement between the ΕU and the USA on the transmission of the personal data of Europeans flying to the USA (PNR), having agreed to the facility to transmit personal data even to private individuals, they are now calling on the Council to safeguard protection for personal data, having taken account, however, of the 'peculiar nature of the work of the police and judicial authorities'.
In addition to that, however, we must also acknowledge the European Union's responsibility.
Nevertheless, we must be clear on one point, however. The overwhelming majority of the parliament elected in May, as well as all the major democratic forces, with the deplorable exceptions indicated by my fellow Member, Mr Szent-Iványi, are on the side of democracy there.
As recent cases show, however, the troops' countries of origin too must take action to prevent any repetition and to ensure that the outstanding work of the majority is not tainted.
Time and again, however, individual UN soldiers have committed serious misdemeanours, damaging the reputation of the peacekeepers.
It is, however, obvious that the exploitation and sexual abuse of which some of the Blue Berets have been guilty can only be of very serious concern to us.
There are, however, two new developments to which we must turn our attention.
On this point it has to be said, however, that the work has to continue.
I want to stress, however, that Turkey is a country whose future is in the European Union.
This is not a question, however, that can be resolved by force of numbers.
Justice and home affairs, however, is beset by a serious problem.
At present, however, decisions on cooperation are either watered down or cannot be made at all, as we saw just recently with regard to the transfer of detainees.
At the same time, however, we certainly cannot accept the hypocrisy that is being passed off as a great novelty, whereby today talking of institutional reform means, in some way, placing an obstacle in the way of enlargement.
It is also important, however, to be able to cooperate constructively across the group divide - and we have done so in recent years.
That is exactly what must not happen, however, and that is why, Mr President-in-Office and Mr President of the Commission, the issue of social justice must be a top political priority.
This will of the Flemings, however, is very democratic and legitimate.
It was once again clear, however, that although Parliament's political powers are growing all the time, fortunately it retains the ability to arbitrate between the large political groups when it comes to the big issues.
The historical notion that nations have had of right and wrong, however, is only written into national laws, and that constitutes the legitimacy of societies.
Thinking qualitatively, however, I can say that Finland has done well in legislative projects and taken them forward.
I do have one regret, however, concerning our continued failure to establish a supervisory body for the Galileo programme under the 2003 Council decision.
I also, however, want to tell you, on behalf of the Socialist Group, that you made an extraordinarily dignified president for this Chamber.
There is another quality, however, that you have shown and that I should like to highlight.
As all politicians should do in such a case, you clearly asked yourself: in my position, what can I do, however modestly, to oppose such an injustice?
Your participation in the European Parliament, however, will depend on having an active approach, and to this end the experience acquired by the ten new Member States over the previous period may prove helpful .
Democracy is primarily, however, a debate about ideas, and, in a few moments, this will be demonstrated in the shape of a clear and unequivocal vote reflecting our convictions.
We do not agree, however, Madam President-in-Office, when it comes to the great big package that the Council has come up with in order to further limit the opening up of networks.
There is, however, one important difference of opinion between the Council and Parliament: we cannot understand why all these rights will not apply to all railway passengers.
The question, however, is to whom it is to apply.
There are, however, differences, in particular when it comes to the scope of the regulation.
It was, however, particularly difficult to reach agreement on this point in the Council.
I would like to say, however, Mr Sterckx, that I believe that we must accept that it is impossible to distinguish the sections from the different slots, because otherwise users will never know what their rights are, as you have quite rightly pointed out.
We do believe, however, that it is important to send out the message that Europe is interested in creating a European transport system.
We shall be making our consent to this conditional upon the following, however: there must be no social dumping or destructive competition.
It is a prejudice, however, and therefore incorrect.
It is important to us all, however, that we ultimately achieve a good result, and that European citizens then see that Europe does affect them, and that it is something worth fighting for.
I should like to remind the House, however, that the package originally contained a fourth proposal, which has been lost along the way.
One question remains with regard to the small countries, however - as Mr Jarzembowski, too, knows - and that is who is willing and able to pay for these services and how can they be organised?
The third railway package, however, will be successful only if economically healthy and logistically prepared modern railway companies provide the service.
When opening up rail networks for passenger transport, however, it will be necessary to give the economies of the new Member States enough time to prepare themselves for this step.
It should be acknowledged, however, that this revision does not entirely live up to its ambitions.
I would like, however, to dwell on the three amendments pertaining to paragraphs 8, 21 and 22.
In the document under discussion, however, we must recognise today, in the year 2007, that women are underrepresented in our own parliamentary administration in the bodies that make political decisions.
What is just as important, however, is that Members of the European Parliament too should receive training in equality.
This is, however, a situation that we can do something about.
What we fail to observe, however, is that those percentages primarily reflect a presence at the lower or lowest levels of an institution.
We should realise, however, that women typically fill lower positions, be it in the European Parliament or the secretariats.
In terms of substance, however, interest in the topic has been confined to committees pledging to train their secretariats in gender mainstreaming.
This evolution must not, however, be allowed to become a revolution.
Such provisions should, however, be designed not only to ensure equal treatment for men and women, but also to protect the latter.
The House does not accurately reflect the social structure of the society it represents, however, as the percentage of female MEPs is barely 30%.
Following this debate, I have to observe, however, that the men who participated put forward some antediluvian views.
We would do well to remember, however, that Parliament's stance on this matter at first reading was very clear.
As stated in its opinion at first reading, however, the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs believes that this issue should not be excluded.
I would also like to mention, however, that there are still too many states - numbering 66 - that continue to carry out executions, along with some regrettably retrograde trends when it comes to the observance of moratoria.
We need to be alive, however, to the risk of an ambiguous or even a counterproductive outcome - and the Council Presidency has alluded to it - given international divisions on this subject.
If that is the case, I believe it is a price worth paying, however painful it may be to do so.
I would say, however, that the Member States should incorporate a provision abolishing the death penalty in their internal constitutional order.
If we take action now, however, and halt climate change at two degrees, the cost will be a fraction of that.
In recent years, however, some backwards steps have been taken, particularly in relation to energy, and the recent Commission proposals have not lived up to expectations.
The challenge is to combine those things, and I look forward to your reply on my two certain tasks, however politically uncomfortable it might be for you.
Expected growth levels will, however, bring forth new ideas concerning the problem of rising demand for energy.
The conclusion of an agreement is, however, essential in terms of the standard of data protection that is to be guaranteed and in the interests of the European Union, for, in the absence of an agreement, the airlines would be under great pressure to pass on the passenger data in order not to risk losing their right to land in the USA.
There is no doubt, however, that, while the fight against the funding of terrorism is a vital instrument for preventing terrorism, this fight cannot undermine or limit a fundamental right, such as that of customers to have their personal financial data protected.
This is not the case with the agreement in force, however, even though this assessment is required by the protocol to Convention 108 of the Council of Europe, which is binding on the Member States and hence directly, or at least indirectly, on the European institutions.
We recognise, however, that protecting peace and security also imposes certain constraints.
There is, however, a limit to the level of blackmail we are willing to accept.
Where, however, do we stand, then, in this debate?
We assume, however, that your commitment to the negotiations is as firm as Commissioner Frattini's, because we will hold you to that as well.
We must, however, attach importance to seeing a balance maintained between security and the combating of terrorism, on the one hand, and data protection, on the other.
The implication in that case, however, is that we have no influence at all.
The question is, however, that of what influence the European Union has on data that is transferred and that is, as it were, ready to be called up elsewhere?
For an undertaking of this nature to be able to operate with maximum efficiency on the market, however, it must focus primarily on the security of business transactions and on protecting the company's creditors.
It is important, however, to proceed with caution and learn from the mistakes made when developing the European Company Statute.
It is important, however, not to repeat the mistakes made when drawing up the European Company Statute.
It should not be forgotten, however, that, as well as trying to make markets transparent and to protect savers, the company law reform will also directly affect the future of the European social model.
Let us not forget, however, that this may harm European companies in cases where foreign competitors are preferred.
That is not currently the case, however, since the commitments made by our trading partners are very limited compared to those made by the European Union.
During tender, however, this company proved too small to compete for the total tender for many of those stations and was elbowed out of the market, therefore.
What, in my view, is most serious, however, is something quite different: namely, the desire to steer the media in a direction that, in the present situation, is opportunistic.
The marathon motion for a resolution, with its 18 recitals and 53 paragraphs, produced by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety is, however, unacceptable inasmuch as it proposes provisions recommending dubious interference in the competences of the Member States, partly in the form of a Community legislative framework.
It ought not, however, to be regarded, as it is in the report, as a chronic disease.
Their capabilities are less trusted, however, when it comes to being team leaders.
(LT) Mr President, 16 February is the day that Lithuania celebrates the Restoration of Statehood; however, in the calendar produced for the Members of the European Parliament, it is indicated that we celebrate our National Day not on 16 February, but on 1 February.
This idea, which everyone obviously welcomes as such, was, however, the cause of heated discussions within some Member States that were anxious to protect their returns on the sale of geographical data, but also with regard to access to information, wanted to impose stricter restrictions than provided for in the Treaty of Aarhus.
At the present stage, however, it is obvious that the great diversity of the European Union means that many of its recommendations have not had the desired effect and create various conflicts as well as being - contrary to the slogans - a denial of freedom.
We all, however, still have to learn from each other and to strengthen our respect and understanding for each other.
Then, however, along came the single market and the single European currency.
People want more than just formal sittings, although I congratulate you on this one, for which we have all been preparing for a long time, and, however sceptical I might be, I will concede that it has gone well.
I think, however, that it is important for you to truly take the initiative in tackling the problem of where Parliament should meet.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, former Presidents who remind me of many times spent together, President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, it is not often that we have a chance to take a step back and enjoy the opportunity that is given us today, however briefly, to exchange views on the entire period between now and the next European elections.
His constant insistence on this does, however, give me hope that he cannot be that lacking in affection for the European Union and for this House if he so readily asserts that he - as he understands it - has been in this House for longer than anyone else.
You will allow me, however, to express what lawyers in the English-speaking world call a dissenting opinion.
The final vote at second reading, however, will depend on clarification of the existing inconsistencies.
Let us not forget, however, that given the enormous amount of waste currently produced, measures aimed at reuse, recycling and disposal that could be implemented remain inadequate and incapable of meeting our needs.
To achieve this, however, entails a change in standards of production and consumption.
The same calculations show, however, that indolence and just doing nothing will cost even more; in fact, a lot more.
I would like to make one comment however, and that is that if we have to do anything, we must use the pen more than the scissors, because to defend the substance alone is dangerous, particularly if we start pruning.
The Lisbon Strategy does, however, still require greater commitment by the governments of the Member States as regards implementation.
In so doing, however, we must show at national level that this impetus and this coordination have come from Europe.
The Commission's response to passion, however, is a cold 'large-scale grubbing up, liberalisation of planting rights and abolition of distillation mechanisms'.
I do, however, think that it would be a good idea for Parliament to take decisions on some of the proposal's main conclusions, and this should certainly include grubbing-up.
That problem must be resolved, however, and in resolving it, account must be taken of its many implications, because the European sector is facing increasing imports.
There are, however, major differences between Parliament and the Commission as regards the timetable, the intensity and the manner of the implementation of the main measures.
In the long term, however, our measures must be adapted in response to the market.
Fair trade with other countries does not rule out a competitive European wine sector, but protectionist wine policy does, however, exclude tens of thousands of people who depend on a fair wine trade with Europe for their daily crust.
I would however like to draw your attention to the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, which is included in Mrs Batzeli's report.
Not all the answers that we have found, however, fully correspond to this final aim.
It must be made quite clear, however, that there is no option whatsoever for duplicate compensation or support for the regions, as we could not justify that to the European taxpayer.
We should, however, think very carefully before we privilege one specific form of broadcasting distribution without regard to the costs to our society in terms of opportunity.
All of that, however, must not lead people to underestimate the reasons for the Constitutional Treaty signed in Rome in October 2004, or the solutions that it contains.
The time has come, however, for Europe to find a way out of the impasse.
We know from long experience, however, that Commission documents, communications and even legislative proposals may produce scant results or only very slow progress. That is shown, for example, by the long, hard road towards a European immigration policy, which has already taken many years.
The Community idea was born in Paris back in 1950, however, when the very distant goal of a European Federation or a United States of Europe was first sketched out.
By mixing facts with assumptions and unconfirmed rumours, the report is in danger, however, of weakening, rather than strengthening, the justified criticism.
We must understand, however, that reducing emissions and pollution will involve additional costs for European enterprises and citizens in the short term.
It does not, however, deal with other equally important points such as promoting energy efficiency and the use of high-quality public transport; these alternatives are covered either fleetingly or in watered-down form.
No motive, however laudable, can justify the absence of democratic legitimacy.
What is really needed, however, is an end to this securitarian onslaught, which, on the pretext of the so-called 'fight against terrorism', undermines the citizens' rights, freedoms and guarantees.
We did not, however, support the demand that obstacles to job creation, including obstacles to the creation of relatively low-paid jobs, must be removed.
It also makes a point, however, of welcoming the Commission's proposal to introduce a market-based approach to the spectrum and to establish a clear legal framework providing for competition-based solutions.
None of these measures, however, can be activated at the press of a button, and they cannot be put into effect overnight.
Ultimately, however, in a direct or indirect way all countries, and even institutions, are drawn into the cauldron.
Can we talk, however, of a war on terror?
The delay in negotiations on this new agreement should not, however, be a reason for preventing both sides from developing their vital partnership.
Both the debate and the answers given by the Commission and the Council show, however, that in truth nothing has been achieved in discussions with Russia - neither a registration procedure nor a simplification of the invitation system.
Since the agreement has been in force, the Lithuanian-Russian border has been crossed by almost 2 million people; however, not once have the provisions of the agreement needed to be invoked.
At the same time, however, I can also reiterate that of course we are at your disposal to provide any relevant information, even during the ongoing negotiations.
I am also aware, however, that there is always progress to be made.
We must not forget, however, that there are still deficiencies which we must concentrate on remedying.
This should not, however, take on the form that it often does, namely subsidies that distort the market and replace the desperately-needed reforms.
Apart from this objective, however, the ESCB supports the general economic policies of the Community with a view to contributing to the achievement of the Community's objectives pursuant to Article 2 EC.
It became clear at the Tripoli Conference, however, that there is a further African route, the East-West route, that should also be the focus of our attention.
To return to your specific question, however, there are indeed examples of successful action.
A key point, however, is that people have been singling out France and other Member States that are enjoying certain successes.
It must be borne in mind, however, that the work as part of the European Year of Equal Opportunities for All 2007 is based on the principles of personal responsibility and subsidiarity.
As the honourable Member is aware, however, this is always a long-term process - it will not be possible to solve this, either, at the flick of a switch.
I do believe, however, that the figures indicate the interest there has been.
The Council has been conscious that we cannot let the whole process start again from scratch, however, as the timing is indeed important if we are to avoid the instability you mention.
I should like to emphasise once more, however, that, where there is budgetary control, this is not necessarily a matter of a request by the Court of Auditors, but rather of the following question. How can we make the rules, including budgetary rules, more efficient, more transparent, more uniform, so that the necessary control can be achieved?
I can assure the honourable Member, however, that it is the vast majority.
Other proposals have been put forward, however, including by the Commission, such as the creation of an integrated control framework.
I do believe, however, that the other possibilities I have just mentioned for simplifying procedures represent key elements.
The establishment of blacklists is, however, only effective if there are serious consequences for the vessels concerned.
To combat illegal fishing, however, we cannot confine ourselves to repressive actions, but we must also promote strong preventive action through structural measures.
The information was kept secret, however, and it took me months to extract it.
Yesterday, I got hold of the report, however, and I now suddenly understand what all the secretiveness was about.
The Commission states, however, that Poland is the worst culprit of all.
Agreement has yet to be reached on a solution to some key problems, however, which the Commissioner has also mentioned.
The success of budgetary support, however, is about breaking the vicious circle.
The European winemaking sector is in a difficult situation, facing fierce competition from wine from the New World. It should be highlighted, however, that the EU remains the biggest producer, the biggest consumer and the biggest exporter of wine in the world.
We believe that the Member States should exercise the regulatory function themselves as long as there is no question of cross-border risks of the type associated with nuclear power. If such risks do exist, the regulatory body should, however, be the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency.
In this Chamber, nobody wishes to deny the real significance of such relations; nor is there any need, however, to commit the opposite error, and that is to 'poison' a line of action that is clearly highly popular, not within the institutions but with the people.
This is only the case, however, if the Chinese Government, too, stops deliberately raising certain issues as stumbling blocks.
We must be consistent, however, and bear the rights of the 6 million people affected by the problems in the region uppermost in our minds.
So far, however, the resolutions we have adopted have not led to any tangible results.
We hear very little, however, about the other aspect of the situation in Iraq, namely the tens of thousands of refugees.
The leaders of the January strike and the trade unions did suspend the protest, however, following the signing of an agreement demanding a change of Prime Minister.
What I am not willing to accept, however, is the way in which this was prepared and staged, and I would also like to tell the Secretary-General, Mr Rømer, that I intend to energetically follow up what he said in the Conference of Presidents last Thursday, so I will tell the plenary that I, the chairman of my group, had no advance notice of this event whatever.
Certain regions of the new EU Member States continue, however, to experience multiple disadvantages.
In questions such as corporate social responsibility, however, it is clear that relying on the goodwill of businesses is simply not enough.
I feel, however, that corporate social responsibility is not something that can be decreed or imposed, but something that must be entered into willingly.
This must not lead us to think, however, that it is not possible to improve our current framework and the relatively short experience we have acquired in the European Union.
The key factor in business, however, is its human capital, which must always be promoted and protected, and human capital is the result of education: education about safety, trust, creativity, the ability to learn, and a taste for what is useful and beautiful.
From our analysis it is clear, however, that it is too complicated for individual countries to manage the use of copyright works on line, particularly in a digital environment.
Owing to its imprecise wording, however, it could also be applied to other online services such as broadcasting services.
Her proposal, which safeguards local repertoires, does seem to us, however, to be a little too favourable to distributors and thus carries the risk of dumping, to the detriment of rightholders.
At the same time, however, we should not overlook problems in the EU, where organisations from some Member States have faced problems relating to the acquisition of firms in other Member States.
We must ensure, however, that there is a solid framework in place leading to the assessment, and then the approval or rejection, of potential acquisitions.
It did, however, eventually prove possible, through negotiations, for these problems to be resolved and for us to reach a consensus.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (NL) Commissioner, the fact that thought is being given to cross-border patient mobility is, in itself, a good thing, but patient mobility, however, is entirely different from the mobility of commercial health services.
Despite the fact that cross-border health services only account for about 1% of healthcare provision, the Commission's communication focuses on patient mobility, cost refunds, etc. One should realise, however, that patients are not small-time traders and that patients do not seek healthcare abroad in order to generate savings but because such care is not available at home.
That does not, however, mean that people should not be entitled to health care and medical treatment in other Member States.
At the time, however, we also requested a sound analysis of corporate law as regards the wider economic and legal context in the Member States and the different models of corporate governance.
We did, however, include multiple voting rights and limitations on voting rights in the breakthrough rule, since these are real obstacles to takeovers.
A handful of fanatic interested parties, however, managed to make this one share, one vote idea absolute, the key advocate being ISS. Not only based on ideological motives, but also because their trade simply consists in collecting voting rights and granting proxy services to shareholders.
So far, however, you have only mentioned the target: a 25% reduction.
There is one thing I would like from the Commission here, however, something that may perhaps reconcile the different approaches, namely a high standard of safety and also corresponding obligations on nuclear power plants and the countries that use nuclear technology to provide information.
That was early praise, so to speak, but in essence we are saying that this is a good programme; in our opinion, however, it is not enough for the situation in which Europe now finds itself.
I would like to stress, however, that better regulation must not necessarily mean deregulation or boil down to minimal regulation.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there are many interesting aspects to this proposal; for reasons of time, however, I will focus on three points.
The lifelong learning programmes launched this year are certainly valid instruments; however, there is a need to strengthen the measures to close the gap between education and entry into the world of work, particularly for young people and researchers who are otherwise forced to leave our borders.
A couple of pages further on, however, it is stated that the aforementioned institute will indeed be created, but only in 2009 at the earliest.
I am especially interested, however, in the Commission's statements and actions aimed at supporting and protecting fundamental rights, with particular reference to the rights of children, including a forum on the rights of children.
In its programme for 2008, however, the Commission offers us, as a principal social solidarity measure, the management or execution of the Solidarity Fund, which alleviates the situation of people losing their jobs following restructurings resulting from globalisation.
Against the backdrop of these two constraints, we have secured the right for European investors to hold more than 50% of the total capital, without, however, that being presumed to mean their having control of the airline.
Let us also join together to thank the US negotiating team and Mr Byerly, however, as it was no easy task for him, either, to bring these negotiations to a successful conclusion.
It is clear, however, that this preference conflicts with the highly important fact that we approached the negotiations in question with two aims in mind: an internal aim and an external aim.
The fact remains, however, that we are reducing monopolistic powers in favour of an equitable opening to all, in all countries and throughout Europe.
In the interests of consistency, it should, however, be accepted that, where the new Member States are concerned, a certain amount of interest offsetting might take place to prevent mass unemployment from being created in the poorer parts of Europe.
We also believe, however, that responsibility for most of the actions taken to achieve equality should lie with individuals.
We have voted against the report, however, because we are confident that the national parliaments of the individual Member States can manage these important issues appropriately.
When we look at the Council and Commission documents, however, it must be said that they are more optimistic, and in my view, if we assess what has actually been achieved then the progress made by the European Union must be acknowledged.
Mr President, as we look ahead to the nuclear non-proliferation Treaty review conference in 2010 there is no doubt that the Treaty is already under considerable stress, particularly with the debates about Iran and North Korea, so there could be no worse time for a country to send out the message that nuclear weapons are essential for any country's security, however useless they are against the real threats that we face, like climate change and terrorism.
The issue of work/family compatibility presents challenges, however, not only to the state, but also to businesses.
I have to say, however, how satisfactory it is that the debate has now been extended.
As the Presidency did, I wish, however, to highlight children's rights and the child's perspective in this connection.
In conclusion, let us never forget that no childcare services, however good they may be, can replace parental love and affection.
I think, however, that certain points are not acceptable and could spoil the balance of the proposal for a regulation.
The Convention must, however, be ratified speedily in order to produce these positive effects.
As has already been pointed out, however, even the higher minimum standards which the Convention will set out will still not reach the standards for employees and employment in the various EU Member States.
In the last ten years, however, we have lost 57% of jobs in shipping.
These people are, however, drawn from many different political parties and therefore enjoy the support of various politicians on both sides of the political divide.
One message strikes me as particularly important, however, if we wish to reinforce the confidence of the people of Europe once again: Europe stands for a social model that marries economic competitiveness with social and environmental responsibility.
The next 50 years will, however, be full of fresh challenges for all our countries.
One thing is certain, however, and that is that we shall no longer be able to content ourselves with describing the successes of the last 50 years.
Political Europe is lacking, however, despite the ever more evident need to create it, whilst respecting the national States.
At the same time, however, Mr Leinen, the debate has made clear that it is really not easy to agree on the substance of the values to be included in this Berlin Declaration.
I can assure you, however, that, if we endeavour to reflect the range of expectations expressed in this debate reasonably fairly whilst taking account of the history of the EU, there will be a little something for everyone.
The Lisbon Strategy will only be successful in the eyes of the public, however, if the social dimension can be successfully developed - this is particularly valid in view of positive developments on the labour markets.
Of course, however, here too - or here in particular - our efforts must not lapse in future.
What is just as important, however, is the commitment made by the Member States to doing the same within their own spheres of competence.
On closer examination it is also true, however, that climate protection does not actually work at European level either but at global level.
It should also be noted, however, that such progress destroys the official argument in favour of the Constitutional Treaty.
Only a few weeks ago, however, it seemed quite unrealistic to believe in binding targets for the increased use of sustainable energy sources for a fifth of the EU countries' total energy consumption by 2020.
We also need, however, to go further and make increased environmental demands of, for example, cars and aircraft.
The cost of doing nothing would be much higher, however, for both Europe and the rest of the world, and it would be paid above all by the weakest sections of society.
They do exist in Europe, however, if we pool our resources across all 27 Member States, our diplomats and our politicians and our businesses in a concerted campaign to change minds and secure success.
The longer we wait, however, the more serious it becomes.
I am convinced, however, that the energy mix should be not just well-balanced but also democratically open to all available energy sources, whilst making every effort, of course, to ensure the highest safety levels.
To avoid becoming over-confident, however, let us take a more critical look at the status quo in selected areas.
The latter should not, however, act to the detriment of European cohesion as we have recently observed them doing.
Many renewables, however, are still in the development phase, and at the same time a good deal of energy-efficient practices are only waiting to be introduced.
I remember, however, the Lisbon Summit of March 2000, at which the European Union set itself the target of becoming the world's most competitive knowledge-based economy by 2010.
It must be stated clearly, however, that the summit held on 8 March actually precedes a very important debate on the Constitution.
Our governments and our prime ministers, however, are not giving us a great deal of help in communicating this message about the fundamental importance of the internal market.
Even more than that, however, I like the idea of replacing energy-wasting with energy-saving consumption.
More and more people are realising, however, that the current practices of our civilisation, our transport and our consumption are unhealthy.
It would be a grave error, however, to forget that global climate change is not the only source of environmental threats.
These unique European traditions do not mean, however, the conservation of existing legal structures but the preservation of European principles.
In this case, however, their attitude does disservice not only to Hungary but to the entire European Union.
As usual, the European Parliament is trying, however, to import other proposals aimed at increasing the EU's power in areas that should be reserved for the individual Member States.
We believe, however, that the current report proposes too far-reaching a mandate for the European Aviation Safety Agency.
We are puzzled, however, by the concept of 'female employment', which is a term we do not know.
Unpaid work at home does not, however, come within the category of social services.
We do, however, share the general positions put forward in the resolution.
Every sovereign state is naturally entitled to defend itself and its citizens. Purely on principle, however, we do not believe that nuclear weapons are justified.
The nuclear industry however still affects our environment and health as foreign nuclear power plants have affected our seas and countryside causing health problems for our population.
The draft resolution does, however, acknowledge that the Barcelona process has brought - and I quote: 'considerable progress to this region ... through the building of political, economic, social and cultural relationships between the northern and southern Mediterranean'.
These plans, however, must not be an alternative to the Barcelona process, but additional instruments that should make it possible to implement and achieve the Barcelona objectives more effectively.
We know, however, that without strong technical and political commitment from the Commission itself, none of the actors concerned will help in this regard.
We must, however, prioritise the whole of the Mediterranean basin and ensure that it becomes an area of peace, prosperity, freedom and stability.
Airbus is about to undergo a process of restructuring, and, however much that may be of interest to us in the political world, it is a matter for the company itself to deal with, and Airbus' management would be well advised to discuss the necessary measures in in-depth dialogue with its workforce, who, after all, are any business' most important capital asset.
At the moment, however, I am able only to describe how we are going to do that. What we are going to do, basically, is to look for best practice.
We will, however, be examining your experience with great attention.
The Council has, however, received information concerning the transposition of the 2003 framework decision on corruption in the private sector into UK law.
The Council is not, however, obliged to examine the manner in which procedures are conducted in the Member States, nor is it required to make statements relating to the obligations imposed on the Member States by the OECD convention to which the honourable Member referred.
This vaccine is still very new, however, and - as the honourable Member also mentioned - any vaccination and information strategies are still in the early stages of development.
This is not something that is peculiar to Croatia, however, but will of course apply to all future accession negotiations, including those with the Western Balkan countries - who also hope to see their negotiations opened at some stage.
This is good practice, however, and should not be avoided.
In our experience, however, simply increasing the pressure is not conducive to improving the way African countries deal with Zimbabwe - almost the reverse is the case: it gives rise to instinctive African solidarity.
To protect ourselves against trade would be both expensive and stupid, however, and there are therefore few economists who make a habit of supporting the use of this instrument.
The fact is, however, that, in the future too, we shall have some form of trade defence instrument.
We do ask, however, that reform of anti-dumping rules by the European Union should not act as indirect support for those in the world who have not come out in favour of liberalisation.
The rules must however be objective, as was the case when drafting those governing competition, which are clearly defined, accessible, effective and easy to apply.
The Commission does not, however, establish whether the enterprise bears the cost of social security for its employees, or of environmental protection measures.
These instruments, however, are much faster and easier to use than anti-dumping tariffs.
One important dimension is missing, however: the Green Paper is insufficiently green.
On the other hand, however, the long-term preservation of European production should not be sacrificed to apparent short-term consumer interests.
This reform project needs, however, to be considered with prudence.
I do think, however, that it is time the Commission responded to Parliament's wishes and demands in this field.
I should also like to emphasise, however, that the establishment of an equally solid basis in the field of fundamental rights is a genuine concern of mine.
I would caution against abusing this issue for political ends, however, as it would be all too easy for this to disturb the laborious, careful process of rapprochement between the two communities and do a great deal more damage.
Despite the efforts made through regional policy, however, the relative position of island regions in rankings based on regional GDP has remained practically unchanged over the past 20 years.
It is also clear, however, that anything that moves in that direction is positive and deserves my support.
As is so often the case with reports in this Parliament, however, it unfortunately also contains a number of points whose aim is to promote the development of the EU into a federal superpower and to increase Parliament's power at the expense of the Member States.
The problem, however, lies in the line that separates an island, divides Europe and causes suffering on both sides.
We should, however, ask ourselves what effect our activities driven by solidarity with people of good will are having.
We want to make clear, however, that Latin America is of concern not only to our Spanish and Portuguese colleagues but to all of us, and that the continent is an important partner.
As in Brazil, Uruguay and Columbia, however, the first stops on Bush's journey, the president's visit was repeatedly accompanied by protests.
On the other hand, however, the necessary process of setting up the Tribunal to try the horrendous crimes of the Khmer Rouge has ground to a halt.
That is not possible today, however, because we have limited ourselves to three topics in the urgent debate.
The chairmen of the groups will now proceed to give their considered opinions of the Berlin Declaration, and, while I, of course, have no desire to pre-empt them, there is, however, one thing I would like to say, and it is that, when the Berlin Declaration was in preparation, you, Madam Federal Chancellor, and your staff, were constantly available to the President of this House and those authorised to represent him, in order to give as much consideration to our ideas as you could, with 27 governments to preside over, be expected to give.
I would now like to briefly say something about what those things are, but not, however, before saying how pleased I am that, thanks to the considerable readiness on the part of all Member States to compromise, there are already some successes to report.
When it came, however, after all the secrecy, the declaration was not even able to mention the constitution. Instead, it peddled much of the old nonsense about the EU being the peace machine of Europe.
It is not, however, only the Heads of State or Government whom you will have to win over to this enterprise, difficult enough though that will be.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs Merkel is sincerely committed to revitalising Europe; however, I do not agree with the method and material with which she seeks to do so.
If we are to talk of the future, however, we have to aim to achieve, before 2009, a fundamental law regulating the competences and role of a Union that is not only a market but also has the potential to be a player in international politics, intervening with practical responses not least to citizens' demands.
The Europe that we believe in, however, and that our founding fathers believed in is not made up solely of politics and economics.
In giving the floor to President Barroso, I would like to apologise for the absence in this Chamber not of MEPs, since they are notorious for it, but, above all on a subject such as that which we are debating, of many of those who participated in the debate I am sure, however, that they will read your speech and will perhaps follow it on screen.
What is equally important, however, is that the efficiency of financial supervision be enhanced without encumbering the financial sector with an excessive supervisory burden or restricting competition.
I think, however, that it would be too early to create a committee of wise persons at this stage.
Without a doubt, consolidation has its positive aspects; however, with it comes an increased systematic risk in the market.
I am quite pleased with the information that Council and Commission representatives supplied for us in relation to what is being done; however, once again I would like to stress that as new risky products find their way onto the market, we must speed up all processes and get together to resolve the basic issues, and not to get lost in details, because talking about various types of coordination and suchlike is all very well, until a crisis develops.
On the whole, however, the talks revealed the differences between the two sides to be irreconcilable.
Today, however, this is a reality, and one that the leaders of Serbia are also well aware of.
It does not make the solution any easier, however, if we just put off dealing with the problems; the reverse is the case.
Prime Minister Kostunica, however, reported last week that independence for Kosovo will never be an option for Serbia.
What is really important, however, is what will happen after the resolution of the status issue.
In the Western Balkans, however, this period was not only punctuated by peace, but also by extremely cruel and destructive wars.
It is not up to the European Union, however, to take a stand in this respect at the moment.
I would, however, like to ask whether systematisation and paraphrasing is the only added value that Parliament is able to offer.
The Kremlin is, however, very well aware that no legal precedent can arise.
The 197 amendments that have been tabled prove, however, that we are actually not yet able to vote on the report at the present time.
Organic production, however, is a difficult agricultural sector, which calls for earnest devotion to farm management.
Our group is concerned, however, that the technical means that we have at our disposal to prevent contamination are not being fully utilised and that as a result the 0.9%-threshold is being set too high.
Because of the different circumstances and traditions among the various Member States, however, we need to make sure that it is possible for them to regulate the matter even more strictly.
It is also, however, important for Parliament's reputation that we look after the taxpayers' money and do not necessarily implement all the wonderful projects which have been proposed.
These services, however, always need to be kept functional.
In this speech, however, I would like to draw attention to my proposal to reduce consumption of paper and energy resources at the European Parliament.
There is one criticism, however, which was voiced today, and I am surprised by it.
The European rules must, however, be complied with.
I would say, however, that we must also look at the deeper causes, or subsidiary causes, for which these bodies have up until now not been responsible and which need to be identified and addressed.
A preventative measure that is equally fundamental, however, is to reinforce and professionalise cooperation and the exchange of information between national bodies when international matches take place.
This balance can only be found, however, while respecting individual freedom and protecting the rights of every person, and most of all the right to safety, including the right to go to a stadium and watch sport in peace.
In this context it should, however, be pointed out that professional football constitutes an economic activity recognised by Article 2 of the Treaty establishing the European Community.
If you will allow me, however, I would like to talk more specifically about the Savary report.
There remain, however, a few amendments that we can accept in principle, but that we cannot adopt in full.
I therefore think that we must go further in negotiations with the Commission, while retaining the report - which, I am very pleased to say, is constructive - in its present form. We must go further, however, and I therefore ask that the report be referred back to the committee.
While it is self-evidently a matter for your House as to how the procedure is handled, I would, however, ask you to bear with me as I appeal to you to come to a decision and to refrain from dragging the process out any longer, in view of the need to create unambiguous conditions for these innovative therapies, for which people have been waiting for so long, and it is for that reason that I am all the more pleased that three groups have put forward a comprehensive compromise package that will make a speedy agreement of that sort possible.
What has happened, however, is that experimental technology has been used to create animal-human hybrids and chimeras.
In the developing world, however, it can mean death, since the illegal trade in organs is already causing the maiming and death of thousands of people.
What can, however, be our goal is to find answers to the moral and ethical questions raised by technical advances.
These criminal sanctions, however, should also, of course, be backed up by the raising of public awareness.
What it lacks, however, is a frame of reference consisting of the rules defining what counterfeiting is, and so it actually lumps together trademark, patent and copyright infringements.
Extending it unduly to all copyright issues, however, may have a serious impact on the privacy of consumers of multimedia products.
It should be noted, however, that pursuant to Parliament's proposal criminal measures will only be applied to individuals and entities who knowingly infringe the law for commercial purposes.
I fear, however, that pressure from influential interest groups unfortunately played a part in this.
There is, however, scope for argument about the limits of responsibility, and especially about who is to be held responsible.
To extend that to issues that have never been outside of the civil field in the Member States, however, makes no sense, especially when concepts are not harmonised and words do not mean the same thing, not even in the field of piracy.
The Commission takes the view that all types of intellectual property rights merit the protection of the criminal law, and so it is in favour of patents being included, without, however, any intention that this should present any political obstacle to the transposition of the directive.
I consider it absolutely essential, however, that harmonisation at Community level of the criminal measures which may be used as a very last resort should be underpinned by thorough impact studies carried out by the Commission.
I must, however, express some doubts about the way in which the results of this exercise are used, and here I am addressing the Council, which is sadly absent.
It is a hard task to measure results, however; in practice it is impossible.
There, too, however, there will be problems with practical implementation.
Many members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development pointed out, however, that two years is far too short a time period to allow for sensible planning. As a result, the Commission agreed to a four-year period.
It is important, however, to bear in mind the fact that the market for starch products is constantly developing, and that demand for these products is rising.
The Commission has not taken into account, however, that during the period when the quotas apply, that is to say for the next two marketing years, there is practically no chance of any of the provisions of a future agreement on agriculture within the World Trade Organisation being implemented.
Failure to implement it will make it abundantly clear, however, that the Union is governed by the principle according to which 'what is yours is mine and what is mine is untouchable'.
If the carrot is too large, whether for the consumer, the lawyers or competing companies, I fear that, however we craft our rules, we are at risk of being pushed towards some of the worst aspects of damages actions that we hear about from the United States.
I will, however, consider the extent to which it may be appropriate to say something about legal bases in the forthcoming White Paper.
As a fundamental idea, however, we in the European Parliament want these national declarations to go ahead, because that will be the only way to provide the Member States with some genuine responsibility for control of Community funds, which is the true basis for this statement of discharge.
We must acknowledge, however, that certain measures are having an effect, but there is still a long way to go in order to make everything, shall we say, acceptable and correct.
As the report of the European Court of Auditors did not express any major reservations regarding any of these institutions, I am upholding the position that we can discharge every one of them. This, however, does not mean that the annual accounts submitted to Parliament are flawless.
Because the Europol Convention constitutes intergovernmental cooperation, it is the national parliaments, however, that should exercise this control, and not the European Parliament.
The report still contains some very worrying aspects, however, such as those relating to financial resources and the objectives of cohesion policy.
Nobody tries to obtain data, however, on unemployment, the 'extinction' of medium-sized farming enterprises, other problems of the people with regards to health, education, social security, which have emerged due to the anti-grassroots EU policies.
Because only a very small part of Parliament's activity relates to pensions, we think it unnecessary, however, to vote against the whole report on the grounds that precisely these amendments were rejected.
The best solution, however, would be for Parliament itself to be allowed to decide and for Parliament to choose to carry on its activities only in Brussels.
Each of these alternatives, however, will be the subject of a detailed examination looking at their technical and financial implications, including in terms of governance.
Time and again, however, although I personally am always very business-friendly, I get the feeling that, whenever the business community hits difficulties, it reverts to appeals for political assistance and shies away from taking risks.
We are now asking ourselves, however, whether Galileo is simply an illusion or whether it will be a reality.
We got stuck, however, on one problem with regard to which I have still not managed to understand the logic behind the Council's opposition.
When security can be affected by terrorist attacks, however, it is clearly in everyone's interests to defend ourselves collectively against such attacks.
These amendments, however, do not seem to me to be necessary to achieve the intended objectives.
I should like, however, to draw Parliament's attention to the drawbacks of a delay in introducing an improved technical regulation on aviation security.
I will conclude, however, by warning that Amendments 4 and 45 will lead to the Commission's position being very much strengthened, which, in my opinion, is not necessary at this time.
Today, however, we are speaking about floods and what can be done about them at the European level.
This also means, however, that due consideration must be given to the subsidiarity principle in this legislation.
Since then, however, lobbies such as the Transatlantic Business Dialogue have continually brought this strategic project up for discussion, albeit in a new form.
Most importantly of all are the actions of world trade, however, in order to ensure a fair and more equitable society for all.
Transatlantic relations, however, cannot be narrowed down to just visas and trade.
We need to recognise, however, that we cannot survive on past commendations and achievements.
Since last December, however, the USA has shown a willingness to make changes in the Visa Waiver Program.
There was, however, less accord, regrettably but not surprisingly, on what those policy responses should be.
We could not remember 25 April 1945, however, if thousands and thousands of young Americans had not also laid down their lives.
Just as Europe needs the United States, however, the United States cannot do without a strong Europe that is capable of being a loyal, credible and reliable interlocutor as well as an essential protagonist in upholding the shared values on which our democracies and that of the United States are based.
There is work to be done, however, not least regarding the political and economic criteria, where difficulties remain.
It is in its interests, however, that it continue to move in the direction of an open and competitive economy, so that it can handle, in due course, the competitive pressures of the European Union.
Secondly, that we add at the end: 'regrets, however, the lack of democratic oversight due to the exclusion of the European Parliament and national parliaments from this dialogue'.
In order to be able to agree to this proposal, however, we would like to add a positive note and say: 'so as to give greater democratic legitimacy to this dialogue, calls for the European Parliament to be involved'.
In resolving these issues, however, we must not lose sight of the main objective of guaranteeing the citizens' safety, even if this may sometimes be at the expense of the comfort and punctuality of air transport services.
The delegation wishes to emphasise, however, that it does support the enforcement of intellectual property rights.
We are disappointed, however, that not all of her proposals, which we supported, we incorporated into the final resolution.
I was unable, however, to support Mrs Liotard's report as a whole because of a number of unfortunate statements it includes.
Failure to do so, however, means leaving our industries behind and our peoples at economic risk in the global environment.
Enlargement cannot happen, however, until the candidate countries in fact fulfil all the membership requirements imposed.
Newcomers, however, are now likely to have to meet stiff demands.
This is not, however, the first time that Ukraine has found itself at a very difficult point in the course of its difficult process of transition and transformation.
If the political crisis is to have a long-term solution, however, political compromises will be necessary, and so we are glad to see that both President Yushchenko and Prime Minister Yanukovych are no less willing to engage in dialogue than they were, and welcome the assurances given by both sides to the effect that violence is not even being considered as a means of settling the conflict.
The lion's share of the responsibility, however, lies with the political players and the political class.
Kiev's discord, however, requires at this stage a powerful and creative contribution from Brussels within the framework of European neighbourhood policy.
There are, however, significant discrepancies between Member States as regards the extent of protection.
The solution, however, is neither blind acceptance nor intolerance, but understanding and kindness.
In special situations, however, Frontex can be called in.
I would like to point out, however - please do not misunderstand me - that this is primarily a matter for the Member States.
At the same time, however, we should keep an eye on further developments in the Member States to see that the Barcelona Process obligations are complied with.
What I said before shows that while the European Council has sent out a signal by giving the country candidate status, we are however still not conducting accession negotiations, hoping that further progress will be made after this debate.
The important thing, however, is that we help to bring stability to the region, and the problem you raise is therefore a subordinate point for the time being.
At the special envoy's express request, however, the Council has not taken any further measures for the time being.
The foreign ministers stated, however, that the European Union is considering further effective measures against Sudan if there are no signs of that in the foreseeable future.
I do repeat, however, that this is not a project where we will wait week after week without seeing results.
Looking at the situation more generally, however, the Council is deeply concerned about developments in Sri Lanka.
The territorial charter, however, is certainly a priority of the German Presidency and holds a significant place in its programme.
We are still far from the finishing line, however, and we now have an opportunity to speed up the process.
That does not mean, however, that we want a purely accountancy-based approach.
We need, however, to be prudent, since it would need the support of the Member States.
Experience has shown, however, that this is not enough and does not address the increasingly serious problems of company restructuring and relocations, which have serious economic and social repercussions.
I should like to emphasise, however, that the directive is not as weak as would appear from some of the opinions expressed.
Absenteeism and unfitness for work, however, not only generate high costs within the companies concerned, but also burden public health budgets.
Today, however, as has been described by Commissioner Almunia, we are obviously concerned with the subject of fiscal practices.
rapporteur. - Mr President, for the purposes of accuracy and updating the facts, as regards paragraph 94, I propose through our oral amendment the addition of the words 'welcomes, however, the resumption of this aid from February 2007'.
The key issue that needs to be addressed, however, is that of the RACs' long-term financial viability.
Our support for this proposal is based, however, on a vision of the RACs as an instrument for encouraging the decentralisation of the CFP, for ensuring that the fishermen and their representative bodies are involved in the decision-making process regarding the CFP - which we feel is not completely the case at the moment - and for guaranteeing that the interests of all Member States on the issue of fisheries are fairly represented.
In this connection, however, we should not forget the other main routes, above all, our external borders with Eastern Europe.
I wish, however, to express my sympathy for all those homosexuals who have had to suffer real discrimination and injustice.
The State has, however, refrained from prohibiting or breaking up large-scale events such as the 'Prayers Meeting' referred to in the country's two largest cities.
We will continue to monitor closely, however, whether, and to what extent, the SADC policy which is being striven for is acquiring some sort of shape.
We are conscious of the fact, however, that we cannot sit back indefinitely.
I understand and comprehend the European Union's 'Realpolitik' vis-à-vis Russia; at the same time, however, we also need to defend the basic principles of our collective European democratic civilisation.
It is clear, however, that the murders always follow the same pattern.
The way in which this is being done in Zimbabwe, however, has led to violence, intimidation and people fearing for their own lives, not least black farmers and workers on the land.
On the night of 26 April, however, riots broke out in the downtown area, and these later spread to some border cities where, however, they were less severe.
We must use this term with caution, however, as the idea of a dialogue between cultures could accidentally promote cultural relativism.
What is often missing, however, is dialogue within these societies on the issue of how the relationship between state, religion and society should be shaped in political terms.
On this, as on other issues, however, we are still a long way from achieving the objectives that the European Union has set itself.
There is, however, agreement on the need for reforms in the Arab countries, a notion that is taken up in the very title of the report.
It is, however, vital for a real alliance of civilisations since it finally makes the Arab world a partner in peace, a partner in development and in culture.
It is, however, a subject on which Mr Rocard has been incomplete.
I believe that what the Rocard report is lacking, however, is a lucid analysis of the ills of European society, with regard not only to the need for reforms in the democratic Arab world but also to our policies.
It calls, however, in particular for a new dialogue, which must include the problems of development and of good governance.
It is also important, however, to note that the Arab League has regained strength.
Obviously, however, the levels of protection that we have in place should remain intact.
Despite this agreement of principle, however, there are always specific reservations once a proposal is actually drafted and tabled.
Since then, however, we have significantly developed the internal market and consumer protection within the European Union.
The ALDE Group has, however, come round to the Council common position and supports the idea of transitional periods for certain categories of product.
Aside from this vote, however, may I express my regret that none of the institutions has taken up the idea of concordance tables, which appeared in Article 8 of the basic proposal.
Often, however, the nearest authorised repair garage is hundreds of miles away.
If, however, the report is to have some significance, it must not contain factual errors.
What it is about is the fact that, under the EURATOM Treaty, the survivors are entitled to annual health checks, however much their health may or may not have been affected, and they are entitled to have access to their own medical reports.
It should not, however, be dealt with by the European Parliament, because it relates to a foreign policy issue.
We cannot, however, conceal our concern in connection with what has been happening in recent days in relations between Russia and the Baltic States, and Estonia in particular.
Any genuine solution to the problems facing the peoples and countries of the region should not form part of, nor promote, however indirectly, the imperialist agenda in the region.
We feel, however, that energy saving, energy efficiency and renewable energy sources should be at the forefront of any energy policy.
There are, of course, situations where this is impossible, however; it may not be possible by reason of waiting lists or in the case of rare diseases that can only be dealt with in a European context.
Given the safeguards of the free movement of persons, however, this percentage will definitely go up in the future.
I am not just referring to Mr Manders's repugnant amendment to bring health services back within the scope of the Services Directive - he seems, however, to be eating his words to some extent, but the essence of what he said remains the same - but also the whole idea of an EU directive for health services strikes me as excessive interference.
This must, however, fall within the realm of specific mechanisms.
I recognise, however, that the action plan will be insufficient to conserve biodiversity and sustain ecosystem services in the longer term.
The Commission and Parliament show their ambition as regards the environment; the Heads of Government and Ministers follow suit by making solemn pledges and even go so far as concluding agreements, only then, however, to fail to put their money where their mouth is.
I do not, however, wish to congratulate the national governments which undertook in 2001 to take certain measures which, alas, they have failed to take, and has resulted in the continued decline of biodiversity and loss of organisms.
For my part, however, I wonder about the funding of the advisory groups for international agricultural research and about the way in which they operate, as they must integrate local and indigenous communities.
In the vote tomorrow, however, we, in the European Parliament, are the ones who must ensure that the EU complies with the objectives in the OSPAR Convention and the Water Framework Directive.
There are, however, two points I should like to make.
The expression of violence is without doubt an instinctive reaction which, however, can be cancelled out if the values and principles imposed by coexistence in a constitutional state and the view of human life and dignity as a supreme value which cannot be compared with any other value prevail in every human conscience.
Today it is often the case, however, that victims feel so ashamed, especially if the perpetrator of the violence is someone close, that they are reluctant to talk about it.
They must also, however, target psychological violence which is even more damaging and widespread.
We all have to admit, however, that the impact of our policy has probably not been sufficiently measured, explained or appreciated.
I should like, however, simply to draw your attention to four points.
Cohesion policy, however, is a permanent and ongoing European Union policy.
This trade-specific aid should not, however, come out of our own pocket; it should not, then, be funded from the existing development budget.
This concern has not, however, been accompanied by an improvement in the situation of the least developed countries. The opposite is the case.
The developing countries do, however, appear to be extremely reticent at multilateral negotiations to heed calls for them to open up their markets.
Through all this, however, runs the thread of development.
We must, however, acknowledge the moral difficulties of a major donor sitting across the negotiating table from a key recipient of aid for trade.
We are operating with one constraint, however: EPAs need to be WTO-compliant, thus including trade-opening on both sides for trade in goods and trade in services.
We do, however, deplore the uncommunicative and offhand attitude of the Council over the last few weeks, in spite of the good will of some Member States.
The twofold increase in the resources testifies, however, to a real ambition in the objectives.
Nonetheless, the report does expand the limited content of the directive in order to achieve more effective protection of waters. Ultimately, however, both the content and the orientation are a long way from contemporary needs for protection of the social right to high-quality water, which must be complete and not partial and fragmented.
Setting a limit for admissible levels of modified organisms in organic products, however low it may be today, means it can be increased without control, given that even the European Parliament was not allowed the right of codecision.
This limit will now be set by the multinationals in line with the natural contamination which will be caused by the permitted coexistence of conventional, genetically modified and organic crops, however many protective measures are taken.
I regret, however, that, in spite of everything, it recommends that EU labelling should be the dominant form of labelling.
For this to be beneficial to everyone, however, a process that involves not only negotiation but also adjustment, including educational and information activities for interested social groups must precede opening.
I would point out, however, that if the major global challenges can only be addressed at a European level, then the people who want a Europe that is equal to such challenges are the ones who are being genuinely realistic, and not the people who do not want that.
I realise, however, that it is not always possible.
Today, however, being far-sighted does not only mean drawing up ambitious plans for the future of European integration.
To belittle the difficulties that exist and which are the cause of the doubts which have until now prevented us from reaching agreement, however, is certainly not the way forward.
Let us be clear, however: the blackmail so far has come solely from those wishing to stand in the way of a solution to the constitutional crisis, and this is a fact that we cannot let pass unremarked.
The question arises, however, as to the extent to which the Community method, referred to by Mr Prodi as the mechanism driving Europe forward, is invoked in the activities of the European Council.
What weight will that Minister carry, however, Mr Prodi, without a genuine European foreign policy?
There is still, however, broad consensus in the international community to the effect that the Palestinian Government has not yet quite passed its decisive test, in that it, too, does not completely meet the Quartet's three criteria.
The decision, however, to suspend financial aid to the institutions seems even more absurd since the formation of the government of national unity.
They told us, however, that in order to be able to achieve their goals, they need our help.
Our divisions have increased, however, and Europe can now once again speak with one voice only when it has nothing to say.
If we refuse to work with moderate Islamists, however, we will just be stuck with the radicals and the extremists, and it is not just in Palestine that they will make their voices heard!
We must, however, also be smart enough not to do something for which we will have to pay a high price later on.
We have noted, however, that there has been no progress in the adoption of new legislation on the national councils for the minority groups, and problems persist in the area of information in minority languages.
(SV) I think that what has happened in Tallinn since April of this year is eminently clear to everyone. I am uncertain, however, as to whether everyone understands its significance.
Over the years, it has, however, become ever clearer that Russia is developing in the wrong direction when it comes to human rights, media independence and political freedom.
Some people from the old Europe appear, however, to have forgotten their historic lesson: that it is only through conducting a common foreign policy, showing solidarity and speaking with one voice that we can preserve peace.
We would, however, have preferred even lower tariffs, which could have provided a better incentive for people to move about Europe.
Before a decision is made on political measures, however, it must be made clear what market failure is behind this unsatisfactory state of affairs.
I have one regret, however: this reduction in roaming charges will not be operational for the summer season.
We are opposed, however, to the Commission's proposal to increase minimum rates and the rapporteur's ideas on having a maximum rate.
We welcome the fact, however, that the proposal to include health services in the directive on liberalising services was rejected.
There were only a handful of amendments submitted to the plenary vote, some of which added to the report or positively changed the language, some however changed the emphasis of the report too much, meaning I was unable to support some of the amendments.
The report does not, however, take sufficient account of the circumstances on the ground.
Such a thing is dependent, however, on our acquiring a new regulatory framework in the shape of a new Treaty, and I trust that Mrs Merkel's presence in the chair of the Council, combined with Mr Sarkozy's pragmatism, will make it possible for a decisive step to be taken in the right direction.
The EPLP fully supports reform of the UN Security Council and also supports improvements in the way that the EU speaks at the UN - however it is inappropriate to talk of a single EU seat, as in paragraph 10.
We wish, however, to offer a number of clarifications.
However, we disagree with the idea that the European Parliament should take up its time issuing pronouncements on this subject, however worthy or well-intentioned.
In matters such as the pension system, social security and education, however, the Member States seek to tailor these to the national situation.
You are now, however, being put under pressure by Germany, where at least 70% of people would vote against the Constitution if they were allowed to vote on it.
As an itinerant critic of the Constitution, however, I have not been in any country with more opposition to it.
We should, however, be clear about what it is that we are now offering to the citizens of the Union.
I do however, appreciate the difficult position that you are in at the moment.
I am, however, really concerned about what you said about the involvement of the national parliaments.
There is a fundamental problem however: splitting the Treaty open, considering amendments rather than its structure, means dismantling everything and it goes against transparency and understanding on the part of the citizens.
We must, however, make sure that our common history is punctuated by more events like the recent Samara summit.
The Council did, however, find positive encouragement in the indications of greater independence on the part of the judicial system during the election campaign, and we hope that this tendency will continue in the post-election period.
This is not, however, the time to turn our back on Nigeria - on the contrary;
It seems to me, however, that the debate in this House before any pronouncement by the electoral commissions is somewhat premature.
This first impression of what has been going on in Nigeria must not, however, exercise a generally negative influence on Africa's image in our eyes.
We should, however, ask ourselves how we can improve on things.
There is, however, one issue that I should like to single out and that came up several times this afternoon, namely that of the elephants in Botswana and Namibia.
(DE) Mr President-in-Office of the Council, while your statements imply that a whole array of positions have been put on record by the Council and by the European Union, the reality is, however, that Cyprus, as a candidate for accession, failed to comply with these criteria in at least an equal number of instances.
I can assure you, however, that any decision will take the interests of all parties into account.
The national provisions must, however, conform to the fundamental principals of the Community legal system, its primary rules and the spirit of the wording of the 1976 Act.
This does not, however, constitute a waiver of the responsibility of the State - in this case, Italy - to which the said court belongs, as has been established.
Once we are in this Parliament, however, Parliament constitutes a body in its own right, with its own personality, with the right to defend itself.
I should like, however, to emphasise that any decision of a political nature must still be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 37 of the Treaty, that is to say after consulting the European Parliament.
The people of Kashmir did not, however, have any role in this.
Humanitarian aid, however, does not involve political interference.
There are, however, three amendments in particular to which I would like to draw colleagues' attention and which I shall be supporting.
I would like us, however, to go further and for any plebiscite to have the three options: governed by India, governed by Pakistan or independence.
It must not, however, be abandoned overnight, and certainly not only on the basis of an economic study relating to two exceptional marketing campaigns, and based on the problems of one Member State, namely Hungary.
There is sometimes a discrepancy, however, between that idea and the reality.
I do not, however, agree with paragraph 8.
Commitment to Syria and friendship with it also imply, however, that we do not mince our words when fundamental rights are violated, and that is why I take a critical line on, and indeed denounce, the political repression under which all the opposition, of whatever tendency, currently labour.
Syria, however, is a dictatorship that does not tolerate internal opposition.
For this very reason, however, we cannot accept violations of human rights, such as the repression of Kurds and others on the flimsiest grounds, and so we would appeal to Syria to return to a policy of dialogue and cooperation.
Sudan, with its defective political system, is also inflicting infinite harm on itself, however, not only as a result of the conflict between north and south, east and west, Christians and Muslims - as the generalisation always goes - but also as a result of a host of individual conflicts.
(DE) Mr President, it is possible, however, to propose the discontinuation of an item at the start of the debate - and that is what I have done.
To propose an amendment, however, requires just one single MEP.
Without the transfer of resources from Israel to Palestine, however, there is little else the international community can do.
I would, however, repeat our position that everything possible has to be done to avoid further casualties among the civilian population.
The multiplication of settlements, the construction of the wall, the isolation of Palestinian areas of Jerusalem, however, serve precisely to make this solution impossible.
At the same time, however, we must cooperate actively with the Government of National Unity.
We are well aware, however, of where we need to go.
It must also be said, however, that what is happening in Gaza is a civil war between Palestinians.
The very notion of 'critical', however, is dramatic, since it implies a situation of financial, economic and social decline, accompanied by terror attacks and activities, kidnappings and the death of civilians.
We cannot demand Israel's immediate withdrawal from the Palestinian territories, however, as long as the Palestinian authorities do not recognise the state of Israel.
Just like the Council Presidency, however, we too have observed that the very good resolution on Darfur which was recently adopted there has mitigated these unfavourable impressions.
Our next step, however, is to find more ways of ensuring that these dialogues can be followed by practical progress on the ground.
The most serious thing, however, is that these requests were made in order not to jeopardise the continuity of the Council.
In the longer term, however, the achievement of the aims of the Human Rights Council will depend on the establishment of a new approach to human rights within the United Nations.
The time has come, however, to address this subject within the EU, and I think it will be a good idea to start debating this as well at the Council of Ministers next week.
I believe, however, that we are all responsible for this tragedy.
At the same time, however, they are aware that their little country has been abandoned.
If nothing at all is done in practice, however, then reality gives us a totally different picture and you as President of the Council are putting the EU's credibility in the balance.
I must say, however, that it would have been better if we had been able to launch these operations a few weeks earlier.
I must say, however, that I am worried about how the Council will vote on Parliament's opinion.
I am, however, aware of the need to define a system that the industry can deal with.
It does seem essential, however, to launch an in-depth debate on the subject of appropriate values of biomass reference points adjusted to the actual state of the stocks and the current general situation of the Baltic Sea ecosystem.
I am convinced, however, that, in the long term, we need an entirely new system for fisheries policy - one that makes fishermen themselves have a sense of responsibility for the survival of cod.
In common with my fellow Swedish Conservatives, I unfortunately cannot, however, vote in favour of the report before us today.
If sustainability is to be more than an empty word, however, it must be reflected in working practices on fishing vessels and in personal attitudes to scientific prescriptions.
We are, however, ready to consider flexible mechanisms in order to enable them to apply the plan without it being too much of a burden.
It is also, however, a very fragile sector, with structural problems, exposed to increasing external pressure and the pressure of large-scale distribution.
The truth is, however, that in Parliament, and in the whole of the European Union's sector, there are certain problems that, in all of the Member States, we have seen as priorities within the reform.
In the case of fruit and vegetables, however, this problem also needs to be resolved urgently in view of the strong competition from third-country imports and the pressures resulting from large-scale distribution.
It is a matter of principle, however, not of money.
(LT) It is understood that reform of the common agricultural policy is essential; however, implementation of the reform is being applied to EU Member States with different levels of agricultural subsidies.
Unfortunately, however, it does not apply equal terms to producers in the old and new Member States.
In general, however, it still applies that the European Parliament should leave to its Members the power to decide democratically on legislative procedures.
We must bear in mind, however, that these recovery plans, whereby fishing is restricted, have a serious economic and social impact that must be weighed up and taken into account.
This, however, is not what the Commission is proposing.
We wish, however, to offer a number of clarifications.
It is important to point out, however, that we are not in favour of common defence.
We are critical, however, of some of the proposals in this report on which Parliament has voted.
We hope, however, that something can be done to give more visibility to these issues.
I would have difficulty, however, objecting to the EU choosing to invest resources in providing information about its activities in the run-up to a European Parliament election.
What is important, however, is the protection of producers who use proper methods, and we cannot allow - to exaggerate - the production of spirit drinks to become the preparation of toxic cocktails.
What are significant, however, are the break-up of social structures such as the traditional family, the increasing isolation of young people in front of the television or computer screen, and often the lack of alternatives.
High-quality production of spirit drinks across Europe is an important matter. On the other hand, however, there is no doubt that the protection of young people from related problems is just as important.
It is very presumptuous, however, to assert that, if alcohol is distilled so much that it loses all taste, the starting point of the raw materials is crucial to the product's designation.
It would be more accurate to say, however, this is about the equal treatment of European cultures.
I firmly believe that it is necessary to adopt European legislation that would unify market rules in the EU Member States At the same time, however, EU initiatives must not become a brake and cause the fur industry problems by disrupting legitimate fur trading.
That does not mean, however, that we have any intention of being passive observers of what is happening.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, as Mr Schulz said, there can be no justification for the actions of Hamas militants, however badly the Palestinians have been treated.
There should be the option of careful scrutiny, however, when one is to subsequently vote on the legal acts in one's own name.
It is important to mention, however, the change in the sphere of reference: the old fisheries agreements with third countries, which were commercial in nature, has been replaced by the new Partnership Agreements, with fisheries protocols, which will effectively work more and more as development aid.
I am not an admirer of vodka, and I have no desire to advertise the product; however, I believe that the compromise solution we have adopted today, likewise the one regarding the definition of vodka, is a step forward.
Europe must, however, encourage people to devote themselves to these traditional industries and not cause local producers to despair.
Our position has not, however, gain the support of the parliamentary majority.
The rapporteur strongly endorses this proposal, highlighting however the need to clearly eliminate any legal loopholes that would undermine the import and trade ban as such and emphasising the need to tighten customs checks as well as administrative - and, where possible, also criminal - sanctions applied by Member States in order to create a truly dissuasive framework that would enable this shameful and illegal trade to be brought to an end.
We are very disappointed, however, by the rejection of our amendments, which included the following:
We should not forget, however, that our dependence is reciprocal, and that our objective must be to form a viable axis between Europe and Russia, which - in my opinion - should not apply only to trade relations.
Realism must not, however, be confused with ignorance of the difficulties nor with the absence of a framework of values.
Since this is also a debate on the G8 Summit as a whole, however, I should like to remind the House once more that these G8 countries have no legitimacy whatsoever.
Attention should not, however, be directed only towards how the Member States can escape what is demanded of them or get away as lightly as possible from fulfilling the requirements.
The June List believes, however, that aid issues should be dealt with exclusively by the individual Member State in cooperation with organisations that have broad international legitimacy and long experience.
If no action is taken, however, on the structural causes of poverty and underdevelopment, people will continue to die.
I must say to you in all honesty, however - because I hear you very clearly, and I know that almost everyone shares this point of view and that, moreover, when we listen to the statements made by governments, ministers, prime ministers, this message is one of the threads that runs through all of them - that these aims are far from having been achieved in practice.
I believe, however, that any analysis of the work of the Joint Parliamentary Assembly must be primarily political.
The departments under the responsibility of my colleague Mr Dimas do, however, investigate land development cases where these are alleged to infringe Community environmental law.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (ES) Mr President, I do not believe that the fundamental objective of the Committee on Petitions' excellent work is to bring down any particular regional government in Spain, however regrettable its actions may have been.
The promises made by the regional authorities prior to these missions have not been fulfilled, however, and they have not resolved the problems, reformed the laws, assisted the people affected or applied the recommendations approved by this Parliament in 2005.
(EL) Mr President, Commissioner, thank you for your reply; however, I should like to insist on my question following this morning's debate and the huge Equitable Life scandal, with millions of victims calling for fair compensation on the grounds of the poor administration of the insurance company.
In the case that you give as an example, however, that of energy security, there are directives that must be applied by the Member States, and in the event of non-compliance the relevant infringement procedures are applied.
What I would point out, however, is this: is it really imaginable - and this is my question to the Commissioner - that a country that has joined ERM II can ...
Even with that clause, however, the day will come - and I hope that you and I will see it soon - when the British authorities, regardless of that clause, decide to prepare for joining the euro because they believe that it is positive for the British economy.
I personally do not doubt the advantages of the euro; however, in some countries, which do not yet have the euro, public opinion is different.
In 2005, however, air quality levels in the area often exceeded the limit values laid down for PM10 particles.
We must acknowledge, however, that the citizens and NGOs place special emphasis on the quality of their environment and that civil society wants to be kept informed and to be involved as regards environmental issues.
It will not be possible, however, to make the kind of commitments we wish to unless the other participants at the Conference do likewise.
I do not expect there to be a horizontal provision especially for children; however, in every health sector and in every health problem that can be avoided, the strategy and the initiative will refer specifically to children and to prevention.
We now also need EU legislation in this field, however - which is why I welcome the fact that this Directive is now envisaged.
The environmentally desirable phasing-out of mercury-cell technology into chlor-alkali industry results, however, in a new source of mercury supplies: some 12 000 tonnes of surplus mercury will come out of the sector over the next number of years until its transition to mercury-free technologies is completed.
This regulation cannot, however, cover this issue, of course.
We cannot, however, rush, in the light of other realities.
The Commission is well aware of the economic and social implications of the mine closure and the end of trading activities on the site. It does not, however, want to prescribe a single storage site to economic operators.
Amendments 17 and 34 calling for the introduction of an article on penalties are, however, acceptable to the Commission.
What does fall to the Commission, however, in cooperation with the European Central Bank, is the adoption of the convergence report on whether or not the criteria have been fulfilled.
With Malta, however, we had the problem that at the time that the Convergence Report was tabled the deficit procedure had not yet been closed.
It is my belief, however, that all too often it is only a rise in part-time employment - or the new forms of work, as they are euphemistically known - that has been recorded, which can hardly compensate for the full-time jobs that have been lost.
Next time, however, we will also use the procedure that Parliament provides for such matters.
We cannot say in February that Slovakia fulfils the deficit criterion, however, when the abrogation can only be approved in May or June of next year.
I would repeat, however, that these statistics are not relevant in terms of assessing whether or not a country fulfils the convergence criteria.
I should like to draw the Commission's attention, however, to the need for such changes of residence to meet the same high levels of security required for the issuing of national identity cards.
Supplementary pension schemes must not, however, replace public schemes.
We do not, however, believe that the EU should have views on the form to be taken by the Member States' respective pension systems, provided that all EU citizens are treated equally within the system in force.
In the past, however, governments have all too often played with marked cards in order to qualify for the euro club.
There is a substantial difference in this case, however, leading us to vote against, which is that responsibility for this issue should continue to rest with the Member States.
The first paragraph of the resolution says: 'the overarching aim of development cooperation is and must be the fight against poverty; stresses, however, that this fight is not limited to material growth and therefore, democracy-building and the promotion of basic human rights, rule of law and the principles of justice, equity, transparency and accountability must always be central themes of any such cooperation.'
At the same time, however, it must avoid creating the impression that it seeks to impose the EU Code of Conduct on other Members of the United Nations.
What makes this debate and the resolution that we have presented special, however, is that the United Nations are now getting to work.
For the moment it is difficult for all countries to agree on a legally binding document that would provide for the international regulation of imports and exports of weapons; however, steps in that direction in the United Nations are essential.
Before discussing the report, however, I would like to mention that we have been following the latest developments in the Palestinian territories, and especially in the Gaza Strip, with deep concern.
While the country, however, plunged in civil war, is divided in two, this spectacular turnaround demands that we look at things differently.
When chaos takes over, however, when civil war breaks out, it is the time of bloodshed and outrage and I would say that we have contributed to bringing about this chaos.
There is always a duty to act, however, when individual suffering occurs.
I have one caveat, however, relating to recital N, which does not reflect the realpolitik of the situation following the formation of the National Unity Government.
There is some way to go, however, before it becomes genuinely effective and is recognised by the people who benefit from it either directly or indirectly.
The continuation of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument, however, will play a major part in consolidating this Euro-Mediterranean dialogue.
At the same time, however, he has delivered a résumé of the main conclusions, around ten pages approximately, in a special report to the Committee on Budgetary Control.
The Union, however, cannot achieve this aim on its own.
Regularly including the subject of transatlantic relations on the agenda, however, ensures that the possibility of exchanging views on how far both parties' efforts towards a resolution have progressed will continue to exist in future.
At this stage, however, the United States made its proposal for a national missile defence system.
This Framework Decision obliges us, however, to find a fair balance between freedom of expression and sanctions for offensive behaviour.
I realise, however, after listening to the Commissioner, that this is a subject he feels strongly about, for which I thank him, and so I have high hopes.
I do not agree, however, that the European Court of Justice should be given greater powers on asylum, thus taking jurisdiction away from Member States.
There is however great hypocrisy in our debate, as just two days ago this Parliament decided to remove the issue of Iraqi refugees from the list of urgent matters.
Paradoxically, however, it is as though this principle did not apply to the electronic environment, despite the cross-border opportunities.
Such a dynamic sector, however, calls for a quicker and more flexible solution.
In any socio-economic analysis of such problems, however, the attempt is first made to establish what the market failures are, whether they can be corrected through political measures and, if so, what these measures might be, and at which political level they should be resorted to.
Mrs Roithová rightly pointed out in her report, however, that the development and increased importance of that market is affected by its fragmentation across the various Member States of the European Union.
I believe, however, that the content of this resolution, right from its first clause, explicitly states the views of one side of this Parliament.
On the other hand, however, I also believe that it is important to point out our responsibility as western countries in relation to that country, in terms of investments, and I say this because there are at least two crucial factors.
Before we come to the discussion on the summit, however, it is a joyful experience, together with the President of the European Council, to sign an important new EU regulation.
If we are patient, however, it will succeed.
The revision to a double majority, giving the demographic factor greater weight, will, however, come into force only in 2014, that is, at the same time as the first slimmed-down Commission, and with a transition period until 2017, but it will become reality.
The alternative would have been to restrict the legally binding nature of the Charter for all, which would, however, have been unacceptable for the majority of the Member States.
This, however, is not a so-called 'two-speed' Europe.
Agreement came at a price, however, and that price was not simply a derogation here and an opt-out there.
(CS) Ladies and gentlemen, the German presidency truly got Europe moving. Unfortunately, however, not in the direction of a prosperous Union within the global economy, but rather towards something more reminiscent of the regime of Fidel Castro.
Above all, however, I should like to thank the Council Presidency and you personally, Mrs Merkel.
We were not surprised at Mr Prodi's disappointment either, however, because during this summit it of course became clear how everything was touch and go and what national egoisms actually threaten Europe.
In many respects, however, the compromise is a continuation of the same old things.
I also hear, however, that a protocol has now been annexed to make clear that the Union is indeed totally committed to competition and free markets.
At the end of the day, however, the reform of the treaties was at a standstill, Europe was stuck in a rut, its unity had been tested, and you gave it another chance.
It is, however, the style of the negotiations that has aroused concern, taking as it does the form of blackmail against states with a diverging point of view.
The shameless dissembling of the British Government, however, will not deceive the British people, because we know that when a Treaty looks like a constitution, when it talks like a constitution, and when it would walk us like a constitution into a stronger stranglehold of control from Brussels, then it is a constitution, howsoever you might deceptively describe it.
More has been lost, however, than just the name and the symbols.
What is now becoming possible, however, also brings home the fact that it is not the treaties that are ends in themselves, but the action that may be taken on the basis of them.
There is, however, a double majority, and this double majority brings the weighting between population and the 'one country, one vote' principle.
Those in support of the Constitutional Treaty cannot forget, however, that symbols are of enormous significance.
I see the contrary, however: we are facing an attempt to get the substance of the constitutional treaty adopted through the back door by renaming the project 'reform treaty' and excluding the possibility of referendums.
The problem, however, is the dramatic increase in costs.
From the outset, however, the programme has generated controversy. This was due not only to the lack of clarity in the provisions on funding but also to other reasons.
The programme does, however, deal with healthy food and a healthy lifestyle.
We are however modest and conduct many action programmes for little money.
This is not, however, solely a matter of improving access to information, it is also, in my view about access to better quality information.
Perhaps the most important contribution to be made by the EU, however, is to enable people to seek health care in other EU countries.
I understand, however, that there has been a very great deal of opposition to this happening.
They do need adequate information for this, however, and it must be formulated in an appropriate way.
I am however convinced that both EFSA and the Commission need to take their responsibilities seriously.
I find it regrettable, however, that this agreement is composed of three parts: an agreement and two letters, the binding nature of which is not all the same.
While at the beginning of the letter they are limited to combating terrorism and serious crime, immediately afterwards any use is allowed in any criminal proceedings or however otherwise required under US law, that is, for almost anything.
We have set the 'push' system as a criterion; if, however, an airline says it is technically unable to implement it, other proposals need to be examined.
In the Commission's view, however, there is no justification for an unlimited derogation for the further sale of new mercury barometers to consumers.
Medical devices containing mercury should, however, be withdrawn from the market gradually, especially in new Member States that have only limited resources available for their health services.
On the other hand, however, under certain circumstances mercury is known to be harmful and can accumulate in living organisms, including the human body.
There is a major point of difference between the Council and Parliament, however, concerning the production of devices which use mercury, notably barometers.
I would like to have a reaction, however, to the definition of two to three Member States, because this is the most important amendment in my view.
There can be no doubt, however, that we need to get to grips with this question at European level and find and develop solutions jointly with the Member States, because the potential threats which the Commissioner has just described do exist and must therefore be taken seriously.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (LT) I would like to thank the Commission member and the honourable rapporteur for their suggestions; however, I would like to stress that these suggestions should be interpreted as only the beginning of the discussion.
In the end, however, competence lies with the Member States in any case, and there is no point at all in shifting it to the European level.
I would like to point out, however, that this Regulation is only going to be the beginning.
It should be emphasised, however, that the regulation is an instrument of international private law.
That being said, however, we also think that standard full-time contracts should be the norm.
In order to protect these needs, however, it is necessary for these forms of contract to be genuinely finalised.
At the same time, however, we should exercise caution where costs are concerned because, if not, we run the risk of losing the social support for the multilingualism of our institution.
Health, however, does not come down to a simple matter of accountancy.
Let us, however, also admit that the inflation correction of existing rates, proposed by the Commission, will not make any difference.
It should, however, be recognised at the same time that the EU should support, not duplicate, the work done by the Member States.
They will, however, have to increase significantly in order to meet our future needs whether for gas or electricity.
We must, however, go further still in this field by giving further thought, for example, to establishing a minimum European wage.
One thing that can be said, however, is that the first railway package has halted the decline.
I cannot, however, at this stage, accept a new obligation whose feasibility and scope in economic and financial terms we have not yet analysed.
Is it not, however, going too far if we insist on a fixed time, as well as an obligation for there to be links between airports?
The Committee on Industry, however, took the view that transport caused others to incur much more in costs which are not at present internalised in the price of transport.
Transport, however, also needs to take the issue of carbon dioxide emissions seriously.
It was only to be expected, however, that all of the Members would want to add some of the huge number of ideas inspired by the Commission's proposal.
The change of course does, however, mean that we need to have different irons in the fire.
This will require targeted information campaigns, however, which would need to be initiated and supported at European level.
This should not take place, however, at the expense of compliance with the rules of international trade, of what has been agreed within legitimate forums and of what China accepted when it entered the WTO, otherwise the consequences for its economic partners, starting with Europe, could be disastrous, as they could for Chinese citizens themselves.
We also agree, however, that it must continue to make efforts to apply the agreements, to open up its markets and to create an open climate for investments.
As the Commissioner pointed out, however, their economies supplement Europe's economy, and their size is, rather, a great opportunity for Europe.
That does not, however, mean that there are no problems in trade relations.
I am almost more concerned, however, about the protectionist tendencies to which China's growth is giving rise in Europe.
I know, however, that we can do it.
Amidst all these uncertainties and unknown factors, however, we believe one thing is certain: in a changing world the worst mistake is to stand still.
The Commission does, however, reserve the right to express its opinion on positions and proposals of governments of Member States during the IGC and, in particular, we shall be vigilant to ensure that the mandate is duly fulfilled.
The fact is, however, that there is no room for complacency.
It should be emphasised, however, that for the success of that strategy we must warmly applaud the conclusions of the March European Council, which mark a turning point in the history of energy and the fight against climate change.
International trade must, however, be based on multilateral rules and institutions and the European Union has a vital role to play in the consolidation of international rules and governance.
I would, however, like to give my personal interpretation of your programme, and ask three fundamental questions.
It is equally crucial, however, to exclude from that Summit a leader such as Mr Mugabe, whom Europe should condemn not only for his initiatives and anti-humanitarian acts but also for his anti-white and anti-European racism, since racism should be condemned everywhere, not just in some places.
I should like to make it clear, however, that we have an internal agenda to which we must adhere and that agenda includes the Technological Energy Plan, which we shall deal with in conjunction with the Commission, and the creation of the European Institute of Technology, which we firmly support and which will be launching its first Knowledge and Innovation Community (KIC) and that first initiative is rightly, and indeed symbolically, targeted at climate change.
The fact is, however, that until the institutional issue is resolved, this doubt is always present and, particularly when we are outside Europe, we are confronted with questions to which we have to attach due prominence.
This generally optimistic picture, however, should not conceal some negatives, and these are what we focus on in our report.
We would acknowledge the positive role that hedge funds play by contributing to enhancing the efficiency and liquidity of financial markets. We should also be aware, however, that hedge funds can represent also a source of risk to the stability of the financial system.
That is what the pact's instruments are for, however: to help overcome those difficulties.
It is puzzling, however, that these figures are consistently worse than the growth, unemployment, inflation and budget deficit figures in three countries outside the Eurozone, i.e. the United Kingdom, Sweden and Denmark.
Their concern, however, is that inflation will reach 5% this year.
In addition, however, Mr President, there are two points that I should like to raise in this speech.
I do not want to stir up past history however, because we need to look to the future.
From what I have heard, however, I very much share the view that, on the one hand, time is running out, but that, at the same time, we do not feel under pressure whereby if we do not take a decision today there will be violent conflict on Europe's doorstep, which is what some would have us believe.
There is however a whole range of unhelpful input, such as Mr Barroso's comments comparing the European Union to an 'empire'.
This, however, requires a unified approach from the entire Union.
This matter has to be discussed further, however; unilateral steps must be avoided at all costs.
It is, however, also a principle of our development assistance that it should be partner-country-led and contribute to the national development plans.
This does mean, however, that, in practice, you are left with very little funding for the other causes that are listed under this act.
We should like to know, however, if there was contact with the parliaments of these partner countries prior to the adoption of strategy documents and if so whether there are details of these meetings available.
We have not forgotten, however, that the DCI regulation mentions transparency as the key to the implementation of the programmes as many as seven times.
The fact of the matter is, however, that only by providing answers to the above questions can we prevent a repetition of the errors of the past in today's poorest regions, thereby ensuring that European funding will bring real added value to regional economies and societies.
Of more than 400 applications submitted so far for operational programmes, however, a quarter at most have been approved.
I regard it as naive, however, to believe that banks are a substitute for a greater degree of involvement as a panacea for the absorption and administration problems in the very poorest regions.
Criticism alone, however, will not stop the terrorists.
Now, however, we are hearing that Catholics, such as the Catholic priest Nguyen Van Ly, are being persecuted.
Despite many fine words and Union slogans about equal rights and non-discrimination, however, certain German politicians and sections of the German media are constantly attacking my homeland, the people of Poland, the Government of Poland and the Catholic media, notably Radio Maryja.
When peoples' lives are at stake, however, we always express countless reservations.
The Gdańsk shipyard is not, however, simply an ordinary shipbuilding facility employing a great many workers.
Now, however, the socialist Mayor of Brussels has banned this demonstration outright.
(DE) I must now remind you, however, that the President, who always tries to accommodate the Members of this House, is now invoking Rule 144.
The increase in the number of calls for assistance, however, brought about a situation which eventually affected the operational limitations of airborne fire-fighting operations.
There is one thing which interests citizens when it comes to the State and central government, however, and that is knowing that the State is there to help people in their hour of need.
What there is, however, is solidarity with people in need.
If we are expected to take on responsibility, however, then we can expect some responsibility in return.
In light of recent events, however, I appeal to the Council - and the Portuguese Presidency in particular - to make this revised solidarity instrument's entry into force a priority.
It is not, however, only Mr Karamanlis's Government that must be singled out here, even if its wait-and-see attitude during the initial days was particularly scandalous: only 1 000 fire-fighters, only 440 soldiers.
What is evident, however, is that the capability to react and mobilise all of the possible resources at EU level or through the EU is enormously important and is still insufficient at present.
This initiative could prove counterproductive, however: whereas a summary may be justified for a discursive text such as a communication, the same does not apply to a regulatory text, the initial summary of which might contain some uncertainty.
The open method of coordination, however, is not a legal method, it is not a legal instrument for producing general laws, and the two concepts cannot be confused.
The 25% reduction target laid down is open to doubt, however, as it was chosen at random.
On the whole, however, I fully agree with the objective of the exercise, and I recognise that the EU's unnecessary administrative burdens undermine the effectiveness and credibility of EU legislation.
every assessment of legislation aimed at its simplification should, however, ascribe equal importance to economic and social issues, and take account of issues relating to health and environmental protection;
In that regard, however, I believe that it is necessary to strengthen the role of the European Parliament in the legislative process.
In practice, however, the national courts are required to take account of recommendations when resolving disputes.
On its own, however, simplifying legislation does not guarantee that it will be of a better quality.
It should, however, be borne in mind that better law-making includes all aspects of the legislative process, from the initial concept through to its introduction and implementation.
It is incumbent on the Member States, however, to devise and implement programmes to simplify administrative actions and provide more systematic assessment of the social and economic effects of implementing Community legislation.
It should, however, be possible to build such a one-stop-shop in this advanced electronic age.
We should be aware, however, that for some observers EURES is an example of overgrown European bureaucracy.
It is not only the Commission who must read this report, however. Mr Sarkozy and Mrs Merkel should also study the report very, very carefully.
There is one point, however, on which we as Social Democrats must withhold our approval, and that is the 'Internal Market Test'.
The primary responsibility, however, must remain with the Member States.
One thing must be clear, however: greatly improved coordination is needed and the situation should not be allowed to arise where EU Member States need additional assistance from third countries because we are not in a position to provide the necessary help ourselves.
We do, however, share the view that the European Parliament should participate more fully when the open method of coordination is used.
The common market must, however, take into account social cohesion, employment issues, protection for the environment and for the consumer.
Any emphasis on the potential contribution from nuclear fusion, however, while still some way in the future, would deserve support.
We do not, however, share the view on the contribution of nuclear power and believe that the report is unclear on tax matters.
We are opposed, however, to many of the specific proposals made in the report.
We have chosen to vote against Amendment 12/rev tabled by the PPE-DE and Amendment 4 tabled by the PSE, however, because the long-term result of the provision made in those amendments will be that further power is transferred to the European Court of Justice.
The economic convergence of States must not, however, be confused with the convergence of social groups within those States, a process subject to the imperatives of equity and social justice.
More rapid approval must not, however, call into question the principles of good budgetary management.
If you look at the Council's summary table, however, you will find that the content is highly questionable.
A central issue in this report, however, as in many others, is monitoring.
In the meantime, however, I welcome any steps in the direction of giving people greater rights to know what they are sharing the roads and waterways of Europe with, and that they are safe.
In fact, it is because we are anxious for it to be adopted at first reading that we are ready to agree to the amendments reflecting the negotiated agreement between the institutions. We do not, however, think the amendments that would jeopardise agreement at first reading are desirable.
The first priority is the recent enlargement towards the east which increases distances and creates outlying areas; at the same time, however, it also creates new opportunities both in terms of markets and trade in our citizens' diverse cultures.
We need to prevent the administrative burden being too great by using precisely these intelligent systems to reduce and restrict formalities, which remain complex, especially in, for example, customs and maritime trade; I believe, however, that the proposals the Commission is making in this regard in its action plan are potentially very positive.
I must say from the outset, however, that there are few areas where the European Union really has the power to do anything in this regard.
Even in cases where many transport modes run empty, however, we find that there is clearly a lack of logistics, or that it is simply not worthwhile to use the rolling stock in an efficient and targeted manner.
It is mandatory to resurrect the debate on co-financing the Transeuropean transport networks because, in order to make these massive investments in European infrastructure, national financial efforts, irrespective of their significance and however well-intentioned they may be, are insufficient especially in the case of the new Member States.
First, however, I should like to take some guidance from one of the questioners before we proceed.
It is, however, also a fact that alcohol forms part of the European cultural heritage and the majority of Europeans take a responsible attitude to it.
My Group is not, however, in favour of obligatory warnings on alcoholic beverages, which is why I ask you to support the draft amendments deleting provisions to that effect from the report.
Criminal law is a national matter, however, not an EU matter.
I do not believe, however, that one can make a comparison between tobacco products and alcohol.
All these measures, which are essentially hardly coercive, are however enormously effective and will help to limit the consumption of alcohol in Member States.
The problems of alcohol use, however, do not just concern the young.
It also includes, however, informing, instructing and raising awareness among the public; that is the crux of the matter, those are the key points.
I am, however, resolutely opposed to the calls for health warnings.
I do believe, however, that our draft amendments provide some food for thought and I hope the Commission and the Council will endorse them in the same way as the Committee on Agriculture.
I am, however, quite definitely against abolishing private storage for cream and skimmed milk powder.
Given the nutritional importance of school milk, however, the aid for products falling within that regulation should be increased substantially, from EUR 16.11 per 100 kg to EUR 18.15 per 100 kg.
I cannot, however, accept the ALDE Group's three draft amendments.
While supporting the solutions contained in the reports prepared by Mrs Jeggle, I would however like to remind Commissioner Fischer Boel that a serious debate is needed on the subject of the amounts and the future of the milk production quotas that are in force in the European Union, since these are glaringly unjust, especially for the new Member States.
The money should remain in the sector, however, and not go to trade.
What I cannot make out, however, is an approach with regard to the development of European counter-terrorism policy in a global context.
All the information I have seen to date, however, shows that data up to three months old are the most effective and necessary.
I am also interested to hear, however, whether the annual evaluations of which he spoke are to be made available to Parliament and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
We are also interested to hear, however, what the Council Presidency has to say about the work done to date by the counter-terrorism unit at European level.
I believe, however, that calculations ought to be made on the basis not of alleged terrorists arrested but on actual terrorists found guilty.
On the other hand, however, citizens have less and less control of the state.
For the fight against terrorism at national level to succeed, however, there needs to be highly effective European and international cooperation based on trust.
(PL) Madam President, terrorism is a clear evil - it strikes at the life and health of citizens and conveys a threat to nations by cutting at the foundations of their democratic functioning; so far, however, the terrorists have stayed ahead of the game, striking without warning and sadly often succeeding.
Increasing numbers are throwing in the towel, however, which has already led to a dependence on imports in the field of fruit, vegetables and feeding-stuff production.
At all events, however, we should be working towards standardising implementation - that is, ensuring uniformity of checks - so as to put an end once and for all the vexation we are currently experiencing at airports.
We do, however, question many individual points in this report.
The rejection is all the more significant since the report notes that logistics is primarily a business activity, considering, however, that public authorities can play a role and act as facilitators and asking for the dissemination of best practice in financing logistics, for example, various initiatives using private-public co- financing.
If we look at corrections to stock markets over recent weeks, they have not been greater than previous market corrections over the last two years; however, what happened recently is unusual in that it gave rise to a liquidity crisis in the interbank markets, which obliged the central banks to inject large amounts of money.
The recent turmoil has, however, clearly demonstrated the interconnectivity and globalisation of financial markets.
At the same time, however, I would also like to bring as much realism as possible to this debate, as concealing the seriousness of the facts will only lead to confusion when it comes to seeking solutions.
The fact that this is happening, however, means that we must ask ourselves how the standards governing persons on the world stage - since this is a crisis which has once more highlighted the aspect of globalisation - ought to define the conduct of every person.
I can agree, however, with some of the speakers here today on calling for proportionate responses and I can maintain that in the sense of the confidence that I have.
They have been supported by their banks; however, these are controlled by their board of directors, auditors and regulatory authorities.
We are remaining totally realistic about this, however and - since realism has been mentioned here - I should like to say that the Presidency and the Council will be realistic.
I will, however, do my best to speak slowly and concisely, as the issue I am about to address is, in itself, clear.
I am, however, quite sceptical about the subject of desertification.
It is hoped, however, that this can be done on the basis of the results obtained to date as well as those resulting from implementing the 'Prüm' Decision.
The same cannot, however, be said for Russia.
The Intergovernmental Conference does, however, have its own bodies, its own structures and presidency and naturally due note will be taken, if you so wish, of any suggestions, criticisms and advice you wish to offer on expediting the work within the Intergovernmental Conference.
There can be no doubt, however, that the greatest progress is achieved by giving third countries an incentive to comply with the political and economic requirements that form part of agreements.
I agree, however, on a point put by Mrs De Keyser on the amendments made.
As a Council of Europe rapporteur, I certainly think that interests come first for large States, yet at the same time we are very eager to single small States out; however, standards should be the same across the board.
Unfortunately, however, it would appear that we very often allow market value to supplant human rights.
A human rights dialogue is not being sought with Belarus; however, I believe that not only the human rights defenders in that country, but also the EU are interested in this.
We should not forget, however, that dialogue with countries outside the Union must not become an end in itself.
Above all, however, the outcome in the Committee on the Internal Market sends out the wrong signal about consumer protection.
It is also important, however, to ensure that these mechanisms do not impose an unnecessary burden on enterprises, especially SMEs, and that they do not lead to the creation of additional ineffective Community provisions.
In my view, however, we also need to ensure that harmonisation of consumer acquis does not lead to a decline in the level of protection of any consumers whatsoever.
At the same time, however, these consumers must make decisions far more complicated than any in the past.
It is important, however, that the required harmonisation provides a high level of consumer protection and is carried out with caution.
They are, however, of enormous importance to the citizens, in the context of their sense of unity and level of integration.
Top of the bill, however, is the policy with respect to Turkey, of course.
The current European Parliament report and the Commission's Green Paper on the review of the consumer acquis are essentially well balanced, however, and create a simpler and more predictable regulatory framework.
They will not, however, have any impact on the situation in Burma.
The keys to the solution, however, are mainly in the hands of China, Russia and India.
The problem with the world, however, is not that democracy should be won with fire and sword. The problem is that it is suppressed with fire and sword.
We need to understand, however, that certain steps have to be taken and that there is an imbalance between the scale of our political activities, our economic activities and the extent of compliance with standard fundamental rights.
These positive trends have been quickly reversed, however, in a country where terror is spreading.
Action has been taken, however, with a view to holding elections at the appointed time.
I should, however, like to take this opportunity to highlight a particular problem, which I believe to be very significant.
That does not exactly mean that we have already reached agreement; it does mean, however, that if we do agree among ourselves, the resolution would be tabled during the next part-session.
If, however, we held the debate as early as 10 October, it might not prove possible.
They may, however, be forced by circumstances outside the EU as a consequence of rising prices for oil and gas and as a result of our disposable lifestyle.
That cost is justified, however, partly by CO2 emissions saved and partly by flood damage prevented, and the value of the electricity generated is only a small part.
We must ensure, however, that biomass production is sustainable and does not compete with food production.
The use of biofuels, however, requires great caution and should be based on criteria of sustainability. It could otherwise give rise to serious environmental damage and have adverse social consequences.
To be honest, however, the reason for that lies in the vote we ourselves held in this Parliament on 18 January this year.
I would point out, however, that it is a question not just of train drivers but of all those entrusted with safety in rail transport.
We are being fair, however, which is why we jointly ensured that if a person who was trained in one railway undertaking voluntarily moves to another one, the training undertaking is entitled to compensation for the training costs.
I would not, however, like to hide my satisfaction at what we have achieved.
I am sorry to see, however, that intractability in the Council has resulted in derogations being permitted for up to 15 years with regard to implementation of the right to information, compensation in the event of delays or accidents and, indeed, provision for carrying bicycles on trains.
Fortunately, however, this was only a temporary decline.
It is a major problem, however, that there are cases where countries have already renounced some of their quotas, only to find that the regulations have subsequently changed.
This issue, however, is how this future reform is to be implemented.
At the same time, however, I think it is important that a review of the sugar reforms should also include measures to make the sugar industry more competitive.
I fully agree with what Commissioner Verheugen says about the fact that 100% safety and security can never be achieved; however - following on now from Mrs Gebhardt - we must nevertheless strive to achieve 100% safety.
Perhaps, however, it is not entirely possible to prevent this from happening.
It has also been stated, however, that we ought to apply the strictest standards of all in the toy sector.
I would, however, also like to inquire about our Chinese colleagues' activities in China.
There is also a problem, however, with Western multinationals manufacturing products in China or elsewhere, which have major responsibilities for safety and control, including for toys; there is also the problem that products declared to be made in Europe should really be made in Europe.
In the end, however, it must understand that private investors do not have the welfare of the country and its people in mind, but ultimately only their profits and returns on their investment.
That attempt was not, however, successful and did not obtain the majority required for adoption.
This untenable situation is not solved by Mrs Katerina Batzeli's reports; however, we voted in favour of them because they at least draw attention to the unsatisfactory situation.
The amendment would, however, tend to weaken the impact of the measure in providing incentives to beet processors to dismantle their plant.
I believe, however, that we ought to be pragmatic, and avoid succumbing to hypocrisy.
The EU guidelines, however, are aimed at profitability for investors and using renewable energy to pave the way for private capital, while guaranteeing the profitability of renewable energy.
I would ask the Council one question, however: Mr Lobo Antunes, not of you personally, but of the Heads of State and Government of the other 26 States.
What we cannot agree to, however, is a narrow understanding of this whole problem.
Protocol No 13, however, which prohibits the death penalty in all circumstances, has been signed by all 27 Member States but still not ratified by five, namely France, Italy, Poland, Spain and Latvia.
I do, however, implore the Polish people to be so wise as to put this government out of office as quickly as possible!
We cannot, however, view the association agreement from a purely economic perspective; the importance of the political dimension of the agreement needs to be stressed.
We must, however, acknowledge that after seven years of negotiations we are at an impasse.
I would add, however, that Member States should use this elbow room only whilst taking into consideration the continuity of the current EU policy agenda.
I want to make it quite clear to you, however, that once the Portuguese Presidency considers that the minimum conditions are established to relaunch that debate and that relationship, we shall not hesitate; we also assure you that, if that is not during the Portuguese Presidency then Portugal as a Member State - as it has always done and as has always been its aim - will not fail to call the attention of its partners to the real need to relaunch the negotiations on the Association Agreement with Mercosur in all its dimensions.
Our high standards of education, training and research, however, produce far too few commercial applications, or at least they are not realised in Europe but in the United States - there especially.
We cannot, however, ignore the hasty manner in which the Institute has been put forward, which has long-term effects.
This is not at all obvious, however, because the Member States decide on how the Structural Funds are used according to their own priorities.
I do not believe, however, that we can respond to these challenges and problems solely by increasing production and supplies from abroad, but should rather seek a response to energy demand within Europe.
At the same time, however, we believe a very important aspect of the report is that it highlights the significance of energy projects, notably Nabucco, as a major common energy undertaking of the European Union, which could represent the first step towards a real common foreign policy on energy.
I do not, however, agree with the solutions this report puts forward and am of the opinion that important strategic objectives of internal, intra-European energy policy should have been reflected in this report.
Resolving the situation as quickly as possible, however, makes us dependent, for our energy supplies, on unstable countries with doubtful democratic credentials.
For this principle to be observable in practice, however, it is essential that we set up a system of strategic reserves, increase the number of links between transport networks, and, in short, construct a working response mechanism that would provide technical assistance to countries that have suffered the most as a result of crises.
Most of all, however, I would like to thank her for her proposal to remove the compulsory set-aside for the coming season.
There is just one more thing, however, that I would like to get off my chest, Madam President - not as a PPE spokesperson, but as a member of the CDA in the European Parliament from the Netherlands.
The second facet, however, is to implement the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy in terms of the European economy's competitiveness and attractiveness.
Longer term, however, only a comprehensive EU policy that punishes the people smugglers, provides legal routes in and creates hope where there is despair can counter prevailing trends.
Border controls, however, ought to be common to Member States.
The reality is, however, that many Member States lack ambition.
In this regard we should not forget, however, that citizens of the new Member States still face major restrictions in terms of immigration policy, despite the fact that they are European citizens.
It is not extra muscle power we need, however, or grey matter to exploit, but fresh labour for our labour market.
What I would warn against, however, is the labour force of economic migrants that we will get if we do not allow families, partners and children to accompany them.
We have, however, also received thousands of individuals from the Far East, for example from Korea and Vietnam.
In this regard, however, much still depends on the preparedness of specific services of the Member State concerned, despite references to the principle of subsidiarity and the existence of Frontex.
In order to be able to manage legal economic migration, however, we must first deal with harnessing the potential and mobility of the workforce within the Union.
As we strive to resolve it, however, we must keep in mind the universal values that underpin European integration.
I must point out, however, that better financing of R&D and the creation of a new institution is not enough to ensure that Europe becomes competitive and innovative.
At the same time, however, it is a matter of regret that the financial resources being earmarked for this project are somewhat lacking.
In spite of these reservations, however, I support the report in order that the EIT may have a chance to succeed.
Making external energy policy more the mandate of the Union, however, cannot mean weakening the sovereignty of the Member States to decide their energy production means and structure.
Such a response has been very slow to develop, however, because of the diverse national interests of countries that are not as likely to be the victims of energy blackmail as the post-Communist countries.
The EU is also acting extremely negligently, however, if it fails to provide adequate resources to secure its external borders or accommodate apprehended illegal immigrants in reception camps, in order to ensure that they do not go underground, until they can be returned to their home countries, to say nothing of a border protection agency which closes down during the main migration season!
In a second point, however, he makes explicit mention of Poland and Romania and refers to these countries in relation to the secret detention facilities.
I should, however, like to offer my sincere congratulations to Mr Marty.
What kind of policy is in place, however, when responsible people in Berlin and Rome are now refusing to pass an arrest warrant - that is the correct term - to the US Government?
Finally, I also agree with those who say 'yes' to extradition between the United States and the European Union; not, however, just for those whom the United States considers to be suspects, but also when countries of the European Union request the extradition of CIA agents.
To my sorrow and shame, however, the Socialist Party, my party, the party in government, voted against the formation of a parliamentary committee of inquiry on 10 January 2007.
Unfortunately, however, we do not have such ammunition at our disposal, because it simply does not exist.
This becomes quite intolerable, however, once we discover that our principal ally is behaving towards us in an imperial fashion, ignoring or flouting our laws on our territory.
If we send troops, however, they must have a robust mandate which genuinely enables them to deter the Janjaweed and the bandits.
What I want particularly from the Foreign Ministers who have to decide on Friday, however, is for them to ensure that the operational area of the EUFOR mission is clearly defined.
At present, however, and this view is shared by many, the risk is greater than the opportunity.
I would add a word of warning, however: this vision will only be made reality if a large number of European Member States agree to send troops.
My country is, however, committed on the ground in Afghanistan, which is indicative of a certain desire to achieve stability in that region.
The internal market, as we know, is based on the four freedoms, one of which, however, the cross-border movement of services, is not working very well.
It had to withdraw it, however, for lack of political will.
Here, however, it is a question of other dyspraxia problems.
We can only hold our own throughout the world, however, if this Union is consistent - economically, socially and politically.
One thing we cannot live without, however, is a definition of European citizenship in Article 8 of the Treaty of European Union, because citizenship is a symbol which, unlike a flag or an anthem, has a real life, real implications for over 450 million people.
The institutional reform is an indispensable part of the solution; it is not, however, in itself, the solution.
The Protocol on Services of General Interest indirectly enshrines the primacy of competition law over all services provided to citizens by municipalities or regions, however vaguely commercial they are.
Our report, however, is not provisional but transitional.
I, however, support the report by Messrs Lamassoure und Severin.
There is something, however, that cannot be accepted.
They exclude from the calculation, however, citizens living outside Europe.
The entire proposal, however, only applies if there is a new treaty.
Nor do I understand, however, the amendment instigated mainly by German Members, which takes no account of the position of the smaller countries and requests that more opportunities be given to the larger Member States in the Council.
I, however, do not see any sign of discrimination.
I must also stress, however, that in the case of Greece an increase in the number of seats provided for, from 22 to 23, would be absolutely fair, since the country's population exceeds by 10% that of other countries with the same number parliamentary seats.
I should like today, however, to focus mainly on the various amendments that have been tabled and which relate to the method of calculating the number of MEPs.
Political developments behind the scenes, however, have not permitted this.
We must, however consider, the situation from at least two perspectives: the humanitarian and economic perspective, as well as the political and security one.
It is a legitimate question, however, whether this regulation was even necessary.
Transparency cannot be a one-way street, however - it has to apply to both sides.
In the interests of equal treatment, however, I would ask the Commission to present a regulation ensuring transparency also in non-governmental organisations, for example.
More importantly still, however, this publication can be the start of a very necessary, genuinely thorough reform of the common agricultural policy.
It goes without saying, however, that the proposed measures ought to be put into force after the relevant regulation has been passed and ought to relate to the following financial year.
In my few years here in the European Parliament, however, I have come to see that fairness, if anything, is a relative concept, and that the way we perceive it varies.
In reality, however, these rules are capable of affecting the work of our farmers - who are after all the legitimate and indispensable producers of our daily food.
I do just need to get off my chest, however, that it puzzles me where my highly respected fellow Member from the Dutch Socialist Party (SP) found the large landowners of whom she spoke in a country as densely populated as the Netherlands.
It is my view, however, that the report is very welcome and necessary, because at the end of the day who gets what must be disclosed, as well as how these funds are utilised.
The message already announced by our rapporteur and supported now by all speakers is, however, that we must also take this fight to other fields.
As someone who comes from a country which has a very long eastern border, that is to say Poland, however, I would like to draw attention to external borders.
We have not yet reaped the benefits, however, and I can say with confidence that the European Parliament and the Committee on Transport and Tourism will be scrutinising the outcomes produced by this joint negotiating committee very carefully.
What is not clear, however, is why in this report - as in all other acts adopted by the European Union - we seem incapable of demanding reciprocity, which also means equivalent conditions of competition.
As on so many other occasions, however, the report lacks the capacity to state clearly that, if there is to be free competition, there absolutely must be equal conditions for cabotage and compliance with social and environmental standards.
These agreements, Madam President, do not, however, merely concern machines, interests and companies.
The PNR issue, however, must be reviewed in context, and Mr Frattini is aware of your concerns on that score.
The Commission's proposals are insufficient, however, and so my report proposes that the Commission draw up, by 2009, a master plan for enhanced airport capacity in Europe.
I should like to emphasise, however, that it is important for us to have things implemented at global level, too.
A holistic approach to the issue should be adopted, however, with reference also to the local and regional environment of airports.
People need and want to fly, however, the disabled included.
The European Parliament considers, however, that the Commission has not yet fully investigated the possibility of a global approach as regards the need for extra capacity.
Monitoring of CAP financing, however, must be carried out in strict compliance with the regulations governing data protection.
It is a mockery, however, to say that prices are rising so this could justify cutting subsidies.
If the matter is investigated, however, we may accept it.
Under the Nice Treaty, Ireland was allocated 12 seats; however, since the Nice Treaty, Ireland's population has increased by 12%.
It is too important, however, to deal with it as an item in Thursday afternoon's debate on breaches of human rights.
What we need, however, is a changed concept of social services to children with severe mental disabilities and changed attitude to them on part of society and institutions.
It is well known, however, that the real reason for their arrest was the planned demonstration by the opposition against the authoritarian regime of Alexander Lukashenko.
This, however, is the crucial stage; during it human health and the environment are at risk.
Today, however, we face new major challenges, to which we must respond with a sound policy on plant protection.
The use of crop spraying helicopters, however, must be regulated.
It is true that an automatic reduction in quantity does not necessarily lead to risk reduction; however, it does so in many cases.
The Commission's proposal, however, also regulates how we should deal with cases of resistance.
That cannot be done, however, without a certain number of protection products.
As regards the other licensing criteria, however, we intend to rely on scientific evidence and base our approach on maximum values.
At the same time, however, there has been a threat to health.
It is essential, however, that the associated risks should be assessed in a balanced way, particularly with regard to human health, and that measures to scale down pesticide use should be properly planned.
I do believe, however, that the intended replacement of carcinogenic substances is far from the great achievement it is volubly proclaimed to be; on the contrary, it is, in my view, an immediate imperative.
That, however, has nothing at all to do with the risks involved in their use.
At the same time, however, the adverse impact of plant production products on the environment, and on watercourses in particular, is a very real one.
Other amendments, however, are liable to bring about undesired results.
Laying down an overall, permanent target for the reduction of pesticide use at EU level, however, in addition to national targets, is not necessary and is therefore not endorsed by the Commission.
Imposing a limit of 10 metres, however, indiscriminately and in all cases, does not seem appropriate.
There are, however, amendments which the Commission cannot endorse.
There are some issues, however, that should not be subject to compromise.
In my opinion, however, that is not enough, because the archiving of written records is quite simply an essential service.
What fills me with apprehension, however, is the thought that this attitude is taking root in such a way here in Parliament that some Members are seeking to put the most trivial pragmatic considerations before the most basic of principles.
Yet the fact is that the manufacturers have broken no laws and, however much we may wish it were otherwise, the level of emissions is where it is.
I do not, however, believe in the car as a fetish.
They can, however, considerably affect consumer demand by introducing the correct environmentally friendly taxation schemes.
We need to move swiftly, however, and we therefore support the vote in the Committee on the Environment for the target to be achieved in 2012, with binding steps from 2009 onwards so that by 2012 the target will be met in full for all vehicles.
They do seem, however, to be a necessary step on the way towards alternative fuels, as are hydrogen and electric propulsion systems and many other systems that are not yet widely used or have yet to be devised.
Land transport, however, has a major influence on climate change and the Davies report is a thoroughly welcome initiative.
At this point, however, I would like to emphasise that not all countries will be able to pursue this policy in the short term.
Not only do fossil energy sources contribute to global climate change, however; they also make Europe more dependent on external suppliers.
At the same time, however, these figures and others like them show that conventional energy sources are inevitably going to play a major role in Europe's energy supply in the decades ahead, even if renewable energies gain ground.
This will only happen, however, when the Commission provides guarantees that the emission trading system will not hamper the replacement of existing power stations, e.g. coal-fired power stations, by more modern systems with lower CO2 emissions.
Justice, however, demands that reductions in CO2 emissions be linked to a per capita figure in EU countries.
There are no guarantees, however, that liquefied carbon dioxide can be stored safely in perpetuity.
We are somewhat sceptical, however, about the grounds on which these measures are urged.
I am astonished, however, at the space it devotes to coal.
I am concerned, however, at its increasingly predominant role in electricity generation.
We must, however, make conventional technology environment-friendlier - that is absolutely essential - and we must also ensure that conventional forms of technology become more efficient.
I am convinced, however, that there are several reasons why we cannot do without nuclear energy.
Implementation of that code resulted in closer cooperation between Eurostat and the national statistics institutes and in improved reliability of statistical data gathered for many purposes; in particular, however, I would like to refer to one objective which has been the subject of debate here over the years, namely the excessive public deficit procedure.
This may not have been completely in line with the Commission's intentions; however, I want to express my appreciation to the Director-General of Eurostat for very generously accepting the fact that we took away his voting rights in the system that we designed.
To make it work will, however, need appropriate funding and, above all, will require appropriate consultation, monitoring of the code of statistical procedures as well as statistics management.
As is also the case for the other sectors of the internal market, however, tax competition can ensure competitiveness and improve the productivity of national economies, as well as that of Europe as a whole, provided that the rules curbing the growth of harmful competition obtain.
This is a burden for consumers, however, and the market remains unmonitored.
I do, however, think that the approach of focussing on nuclear energy here, or on 'clean' forms of energy, is wrong.
It is not, however, due to tax systems, which have continually been reformed in ways that favour big companies, that the target under the Lisbon Strategy is unrealisable.
Since 2001, however, the European Union has primarily concerned itself not with these challenges, but with constitutional issues.
One thing can be said, however: what is now on the table is better suited in terms of democratic policy, social policy and in terms of the institutions to giving us the capability and making us fit to effectively tackle the worldwide social challenges that are facing us.
Not even in the CMEA, however, have we experienced such overt deception as today's deception by the EU of the people of the Member States.
There is, however, something else that is more important - that the Treaty is a good one.
Nonetheless, however important this step might be, it is not the last one.
Mr President, I trust, however, that Parliament will not succumb to the temptation to revive the already dead constitutional idea, because it would merely illustrate that it is an ivory tower.
It is not only in the realm of foreign policy, however, that the Reform Treaty may be expected to bring about change, but also on numerous other issues that are vital for the efficient functioning of the EU.
A resolution, however, that contains 60-70 items also has to be able to be discussed a little and only by doing so will it work.
It is evident, however, that there is a difference of opinion on this issue.
We have, however, focussed on training and information for users and salespeople alike.
I should like to remind the Commission, however, that by Interinstitutional Agreement it has to be present during the week the European Parliament is in session.
I do not wish, however, to make any one-sided accusations here, but I shall be checking the matter.
Let me say, however, that I happy with the joint compromise allowing Parliament an increase of just under 4%.
Now we in the Committee on Budgets, however, have voted against this money by a majority, and we Members cannot spend any more money on inviting the local media here.
In this draft budget, however, just EUR 22.1 billion and EUR 5.3 billion have been set aside for structural measures and rural development respectively for the new Member States.
If we think this is politically correct, however, the Council must stir itself here, otherwise we shall lose contact with the United States, as well as with China and India.
We must, however, come to an agreement with the Council as regards CFSP.
We cannot expect Parliament to introduce lower amounts into the budget, however, and to subsequently plunder other policies in the course of the year because there has been no serious planning.
It should not be the case here, however - and these are my two pleas to the Council and the Commission - that the Council - simply because a new topic appears on the agenda - says quickly: now we are starting to reorganise everything.
The European Parliament, however, is proposing to restore the appropriations.
A more modern budget is also needed, however: one that is in keeping with the knowledge-based economy - and anchored in solidarity.
Let me point out, however, that under no circumstances should these savings be made available for other policies; they must stay within the CAP framework and be used to manage crises in the agricultural sector, for example.
We are, however, working on capacity-building programmes and engaging in direct dialogue with the Jordanian and Syrian authorities to strengthen our implementing capacity in these countries.
One thing is certain however: the blame for these increases cannot and must not be placed on our farmers, who are the main victims of this worrying situation.
We must, however, also ask ourselves what kind of foodstuffs farmers are receiving.
Although you gave us some good reflections on what those causes are, there are, however, other issues that you tiptoed around.
At the same time, however, we must remain reasonable.
I cannot, however, agree with the Jacobinical methods proposed in the resolution.
In addition to a ban, however, we also need measures which help smokers free themselves from their addiction.
Commissioner, I would, however, like to underline one other point.
Comparing qualifications within the EQF, however, ignores teaching methods and types of educational establishment.
Different treatment should be accorded, however, to artistic educational institutions and professions, where talent and gifts should not be constrained by disciplines, or averaged out, and where the teacher is not objectivised, but continues to be master.
I am convinced, however, that in the future adopting such resolutions and reports, which strive to find compromises at the expense of not expressing Parliament's views on contentious key issues, should be abandoned.
Russia's financial contribution, however, would also be very timely, considering the very serious traffic congestion on borders between the Member States and Russia in Kaliningrad and at border crossing points with several Member States elsewhere.
There is something that we do not want to accept, however, and that of course is the negative developments, and both the Council Presidency and the Commissioner have made that clear.
While cultivating and strengthening this relationship we should not forget, however, the fundamental values underlying the EU, such as human rights and civil liberties, democracy and the rule of law.
Equally, however, Russian markets should be fully open to European firms, including the energy markets and associated firms.
At the same time, however, this special relationship must be based on reciprocity.
We cannot ignore, however, the fact that 32% of our energy comes from fossil fuels, employing 300 000 people and substantially polluting the environment.
I do, however, still have doubts, serious doubts and concerns, about the storage of nuclear waste.
Currently the figure stands at 157 g. I want to warn, however, those who applauded this proposal that reducing emissions is greatly hindered by the increasing number of drivers in general as well as the high number of drivers driving old vehicles.
Not for road traffic, however: in stark contrast, this sector saw a rise of 26%.
The issue which we must always consider, however, is balancing environmental interests and the interests of the car industry, as this is also in the interests of jobs and competitiveness in the European Union.
Even if such a policy existed, however, capital would be furthering its own profitability at the expense of ordinary people's income and needs.
We cannot, however, ban people who wish to harm themselves from doing so.
It is hypocritical, however, for the European Union to attempt to prescribe smoking bans wholesale for all Member States when it has shown itself to be incapable of even reaching an agreement on facilities here in the House.
I should like to add, however, that I very much appreciate the inclusion in the aforementioned resolution of statements concerning the rights of Christian minorities in Turkey, such as the right to train clergy and Church institutions' right to legal personality.
Disappointingly, however, there has been little tangible progress on the nomination of judges to the Constitutional Court.
The progress made, however, is far from adequate: regulations relating to National Councils are not yet in place and legislation guaranteeing self-determination for minorities is lacking.
What I cannot endorse, however, are the proposals that have occasionally been made to apply different standards to EU accession.
Much still remains to be done, however, notably in the area of cooperation between the Government and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
There are certain shortcomings to the reforms, however, such as the failure to appoint a Constitutional Court which would act as the guardian of democracy.
We must not overdo it, however, ladies and gentlemen.
What I would like to do, however, is to commend Serbia for its responsible and proactive approach and its collaboration in the context of regional initiatives such as the Stability Pact and CEFTA (Central European Free Trade Agreement).
It should be made very clear to Serbia, however, that its place is within the European Union and that it will be easier for us to work with Serbia if it is inside the Union rather than if it remains outside.
This does not mean, however, that the Serbs will not some day have to come to terms with the crimes of the Milošević era, just as the Kosovo Albanians, and every people, must come to terms with their historical crimes.
Although it is not fair to say that the African continent has been neglected, given the volume of public development aid that Europe makes available to this continent, we can, however, talk about a strategic vacuum in the relationship between Europe and Africa.
We have to, however, also look to its financial framework and learn to read the outcomes from the appropriate indicators.
Unfortunately, however, we must recognise that very little progress has been made to date.
The Group of Governmental Experts decided, however, to postpone any decision on a legally binding instrument until the 2007 meeting of the High Contracting Parties to the Convention which will be held next month.
Regrettably, however, I cannot go along with him.
Even though it is illegal, however, that country is the source of half of the raw materials needed to kill our young people or make them fall prey to drug traffickers who, as we know, draw them into the use of drugs, which harms them and society as a whole.
The problem, however, is that certain armed groups are funded precisely as a result of the lack of regulation of opium production.
I must now turn to less pleasant subjects, however, namely the Cappato report.
I am firmly convinced, however, that the proposal will actually result in legalisation of the trade in drugs rather than of medical aid.
The resolution before us, however, envisages a regulatory role for international bodies: not over Afghanistan as a whole, which is unmanageable at present, but over an extremely limited area.
The specific conditions prevailing in Afghanistan must be taken into account, however, if licensing is to go ahead.
It should be emphasised, however, that the debtor must have the right to appeal the order issued, and the competent institution to hear that appeal should be the court where the order was issued.
In view of the provisional nature of the procedure, the creditor should, however, be required to justify his or her claim and also the urgent need for an attachment order to be issued.
I am positively encouraged, however, by a number of indications that, during the present year, 2007, there is a much greater willingness to take up the opportunities offered by my inquiries to resolve complaints.
In the view of the Committee on Petitions, however, the lack of synchronicity in timing and views with regard to the handling of the same case by the Ombudsman and Parliament needs to be avoided through ongoing and constructive dialogue.
In my opinion, it is interesting to note, however, that it would be more useful to have functioning Ombudsmen in those countries and in particular in Italy than to have a European Ombudsman.
I would, however, congratulate Mrs Sbarbati on her productive work with the European Ombudsman.
I do not know, however, whether his department allows citizens to make complaints about the operation of his own department.
It also raises two questions, however, which we omit from the European debate at our peril. On the one hand, the Ombudsman's activities must entail a review of the institution's profile and accessibility throughout Europe.
There remains, however, the question of the reserve, Mr Virrankoski.
The approval of proposals we tabled should, however, be noted, such as:
I would point out, however, what a modest budget this is: it currently represents no more than 0.99% of the Union's GDP.
This is a very sensitive and diverse area, however, which highlights the need to reinforce confidence in order to allow mutual recognition of judicial decisions, thereby contributing towards the gradual development of a European judicial culture.
New red tape has subsequently created additional difficulties in the process, however, which has therefore dragged on until this time, involving great cost, something the rapporteur has rightly condemned.
The Ombudsman, however, felt that only 21.5% of these cases fell within his remit, of which 258 led to an inquiry.
I do, however, intend to address a second point to which today's resolution also refers, and on which we are not satisfied with the way things have developed.
Pakistan is also, however, a strict Islamic state in which there is no place for people of other faiths or religious minorities and, as has been said, the country has nuclear weapons.
I especially want to mention, however, the All Pakistan Minorities Alliance, whose important work as the representative of many minority groups deserves the attention and support of the outside world.
I think it is important to point out, however, that he is in fact Bavaria's Minister for Europe, and this shows how important it is that we receive written minutes again, and not only audiovisual recordings.
The core issue, however, is teacher training and schools, with physical exercise actually becoming a priority in teacher training.
Ladies and gentlemen, the European Union's involvement with sport is not evident to everyone; however, whether we like it or not, a number of aspects of sport must be examined from a European angle.
Taking into account, however, the Agency's overall role, it should maintain a high level of competences in order to perform its mission in monitoring evaluations, proposing recommendations and conducting specific market studies.
There was a derogation, however: when people, after staying for three months, have no money to live on, they can be expelled without a decision from a judge.
I believe we must also look to some degree at the causes, however, and at ways in which we, the European Union, can do more for people travelling into the EU, as they are simply seeking better living conditions, employment, and better conditions for their families and children.
In the case of local and national soil problems, however, European policy is completely unnecessary.
The current distribution of agricultural subsidies is, however, in conflict with this model.
In the Committee on Transport and Tourism, however, we believe that the deadline should be 2012.
This legislation, however, will only be a success if we manage to reconcile the environmental objective with the objective of mobility for citizens, while respecting countries outside the EU.
I do believe, however, that in a spirit of cooperation, including on the part of the Portuguese Presidency, we are reaching a result that should satisfy all the institutions and I am pleased about this.
Discussions with constituents revealed, however, that IFRS 8 is rather expected to improve this kind of disclosure.
It is very easy to impose new environmental taxes, and easy to demand better environmental standards for construction and industry, but this will not, however, resolve the problem of our energy security.
Europe's potential for growth is too low, however, and will not enable it to retain its position.
The humblest bid to implement, however, can be a gem, and I feel the real gems in this work programme are initiatives that place the European citizens centre stage: initiatives concerning, for example, patient safety, quality of health services or reconciliation of family and professional life, as Mr Barroso said in his speech here.
I do have one problem here, however, and that is the role of the European Parliament in this issue.
We very much want the Commission, however, to continue with the Black Sea initiative it has undertaken.
What is true, however, is that the European Union is the largest provider of all these things that are listed.
The coming year will, however, provide an opportunity to develop economic and political relations between the Union and a number of important countries in Asia, Africa, Latin America and also for instance in the South Caucasus, as previous speakers have already mentioned.
The viewer can now research content, select programmes and react to broadcasts; however, to do this requires an ever growing number of devices.
These are widespread problems, however, which are rooted in socio-political developments in post-communist countries.
This choice largely involves the services offered by operators rather than the equipment, however, especially as the choice can take various forms, and subscribers are able to choose between different platforms depending on the content and services available.
We would like to emphasise, however, that we share the view of the report that sport is important for several reasons.
What is beyond question, however, is that we have clear indications that this is not a particularly successful scheme, and although the Commission has data showing that it is not successful, we are now about to include aviation in the scheme as well.
The countries of the old Fifteen, however, have so far only met 1.5% of the 8% obligations undertaken.
Our actions have to remain within the bounds of common sense, however, and we, as decision-makers, should view things as a whole.
The Schengen Agreement, however, concerns more than just the removal of internal borders.
We have nothing against any ethnic group or population group, still less against our brothers in Eastern Europe; however, we do not want criminals moving around freely in our land.
In 2004, however, the new Member States were subjected to a series of humiliating controls and assessments lasting three and a half years.
I believe, however, that all these issues will be successfully dealt with and that Europe will not in the process become some sort of enclosed fortress.
Allow me to emphasise, however, that we shall only do so in accordance with our commitments as members of the Schengen area.
All this has only become possible, however, because following the initial difficulties experienced, each and every one of the countries involved has set to and tackled the problems arising in connection with implementation of the SIS system, adapting it to local conditions.
I would, however, have preferred the Ministers for Foreign Affairs to be present, as at the Europe-Africa meeting in Rabat.
On the other side of the Mediterranean, however, there is a need for entrepreneurship, of the kind Israel has devoted to its desert areas over a lengthy period.
(CS) The Commission and Parliament have already given the green light to the proactive and, more importantly, common immigration policy, however unpopular it might be.
We are also confronted with a broader problem, however. This concerns the consequences of the funding of political parties on the quality of democracy both at Union level and at the level of individual Member States.
For dialogue and debate, however, we need instruments, and some of the most important and indeed essential instruments - although not the only instruments - are political parties.
There was a serious diplomatic effort to unblock economic and trade relations in and around Cyprus, which culminated in some meetings in Helsinki, which, however, did not lead to results.
As far as I am concerned, however, what I said on that occasion was exactly the same as what I am saying to you today.
The competition was tough, however, and some aircraft companies went to the wall.
I dare say, however, that many Members in this House are not giving this committee the importance that it deserves, and this should change.
We know, however, that many countries and regions - especially in southern Europe and the Mediterranean region - have a high risk of earthquakes.
There are other forms of financing, in addition to direct funding, which should be used as well, however, such as regional state subsidies or loans from the European Investment Fund.
In Europe, earthquakes might not always have catastrophic consequences; however, we still need to be protected from them.
I will not reject anything out of hand, but I will say, however, that we should reject any interference by a sector that does not have a humanitarian purpose.
We cannot confine ourselves to distributing rice and bread, however necessary that may be.
For that reason, I wish to stress here that the increase in public funding, which we welcome and which is an excellent thing, must not, however, lead to these NGOs being used as pawns.
Let us reflect, however, on ways of encouraging our transatlantic partners to recognise and apply the humanitarian principles.
We are not alone, however, and it would be irresponsible to become inward-looking, convinced that self-interest can be effective.
This response acknowledges the legitimate concerns of those who are facing change, however, since it must not be forgotten that some people may be adversely affected by it, and we must also have a response for them.
They also look to us, however, to guarantee their food supply and food security; yet only last summer a sharp rise in cereal costs sent consumer prices rocketing.
The actions of the EU cannot, however, impinge on the economic interests of sovereign states, for example by making unjustified restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions, which will bring serious harm to the economies of countries such as Poland.
There is, however, nothing of that sort in the resolution: it does not even offer a model of sustainable global development.
To achieve this, however, the world trade negotiations must be brought to an end, subsidies to European farmers must be lowered and US customs fees must be reduced.
The vast majority, however, are not benefiting from this development.
Despite everything, however, our manufacturing base is packing up and pulling out, leaving behind it millions of unemployed, tracts of industrial wasteland and a deserted countryside.
He appears to have forgotten, however, that France does not possess a veto and that the only one doing any negotiating is a Commissioner from Brussels, who consistently disregards the terms of reference given him by the Member States.
From the point of view of social rights, however, what is now stopping us from helping the poorest in our countries are old social security systems geared towards corporations and organised work which do not help the unemployed and those who continue to be outside social guarantees and social protection.
The other side of the Asian miracle, however, must not be forgotten.
It is also true, however, that there are 800 million Chinese and 700 million Indians who are eager to get a decent minimum income and to demand greater social justice.
If we are to grasp these opportunities, however, we must do our homework, which means redoubling our efforts in the fields of training, further education - particularly for young unemployed persons - and lifelong learning, becoming even more creative in the ways we shape the value-added chains and processes of our economy and encouraging even more free enterprise.
Prejudice, fear and above all inaction and passive observation of developments are, however, no way to face the new order on the world stage.
I take there to be a common conclusion, however, which is that globalisation is here to stay and to develop and to manifest itself in new ways.
Efforts to achieve that objective, however, must not in any way be used as a pretext to make European institutions even more bloated, nor can either an EU civil-defence agency nor an EU rapid-response force provide effective protection in the event of natural disasters.
I say to you, however, that this image is completely divorced from reality.
In general, however, there are still many provisions that make this directive an elaborate bureaucratic and expensive instrument.
The Member States should, however, be urged to involve themselves deeply in this area because soil is the basis of all economic and agricultural activity.
According to their specific situation, however, Member States will have to decide what their priority measures should be, in compliance with the principle of subsidiarity.
The proposal tabled by the European Commission, however, is not the most appropriate because of its partial vision, the conditions it imposes and its scant regard for agriculture.
Soil, however, is not something that crosses borders, nor can it be shifted by the European Union.
That, however, is already covered by the Water Framework Directive and the Groundwater Directive.
This should not mean, however, that national parliaments are excluded from the legislative procedure or are restricted merely to transposing directives adopted in this area at Community level.
The UKIP would always seek to cooperate internationally on these matters, however, the EU has no agreed competence on defence.
At the same time, however, we appeal strongly for all parties to exercise the utmost restraint and to work together to seek a democratic and peaceful solution to the present crisis that will allow a rapid return to normality.
We cannot, however, fail to acknowledge the ally that we have always been able to count on in this battle against extremism and terrorism.
There have, however, been too many drawbacks associated with this alliance and mutual solidarity.
If we really want to pursue this difficult goal, however, we know that a new international treaty is absolutely crucial.
For people in the developing world, however, there is no solidarity in having their environment contaminated.
This pioneering spirit has created added responsibilities, however, particularly as regards the quality of the specific proposals presented, which must meanwhile include both reductions and adaptations.
This will only materialise, however, if environmental concerns and commitments gradually become the rule of operation of the global economy.
The European Union has already made its own decisions. If the goal is to be achieved, however, it will take the commitment of all the industrialised countries, the United States and Australia for example, to quantitative cuts in emissions.
Only binding targets and adequately stringent emissions targets, however, will make companies switch to cleaner and more environmentally friendly technology.
We also need, however, to reach a clear negotiating position with developing countries, such as China and India, on quantitative reductions in emissions in the future.
The political issue, however, is how we approach the effort to solve the problem.
I also stated very clearly, however, that this is a difficult, complex and politically delicate process, but we will obviously do our utmost to reach a conclusion.
In the East, which is my side of the report, however, there are at least two countries in my view - Ukraine and Moldova - that are allowed to accede under Article 49 of the Maastricht Treaty, as they are undeniably European in nature.
We all acknowledge, however, that we must continue to reinforce and strengthen the ENP.
The opening of negotiations on such agreements, however, must be preceded by the accession of partner countries to the WTO.
As I have said, however, we can make a good deal of progress on the basis of this differentiated approach.
The ENP policy's strength, however, lies in the fact that it provides the EU with more resources to aid the partner countries than would be the case if each country were approached separately and from totally different angles.
Before talking about Georgia, however, I should like to welcome the latest arrival among the European Neighbourhood Policy countries, namely Mauritania - a country which I recently visited as head of our election observation mission there.
We are critical because in 2004, when establishing a neighbourhood policy based essentially on promotion of human rights, specialised technical advice, a better balance in terms of trade and people in migratory flows, we clearly saw possibilities opening up; however there is no doubt that since the approval of the financial instrument it would appear that the impression we give is that what we are basically interested in is establishing free-trade areas, free-trade agreements and cast-iron control over migratory flows, while leaving to one side any reference to the promotion of human rights and the requirement to respect them.
We do not, however, endorse the idea of giving countries outside the region the status of ENP countries.
It will be up to us, however, to encourage them and to assist in the organisation of genuinely democratic, properly conducted elections, in accordance with international standards.
I have to say, however, that in this and other forums I sometimes hear the reflection or indeed suggestion and advice that we should possibly increase the resources and possibly increase the instruments.
At this time I cannot guarantee that, however, but if possible and if we have the opportunity, we will certainly take it.
As is always the case, however, those measures, that reaction and the instruments referred to are taking shape gradually, just as our awareness of the importance and gravity of this problem is taking shape gradually.
What I would say, however, is that the candidate country will be better placed to answer that question than the European Union.
If you look behind these figures, however, you will see a huge trade deficit.
Let me also say at this point, however, that I cannot envisage Ukrainian membership of the EU for the foreseeable future.
In saying this, however, we should not lose sight of the fact that, for historical reasons, Kiev still has much to do.
I am, however, certain that he will give them due consideration.
To my mind, however, the immediate conclusion is both simple and alarming: all the indications are that the situation with regard to the stock is very much worse than the most optimistic forecasts.
Accurate analysis depends, however, on the collection of these data being compulsory and consistent.
I would, however, like to draw attention to a contradiction in the European Union's approach to social and economic problems.
I am, however plagued by a certain pessimism.
Sadly, however, we believe that overall this joint motion is a huge missed opportunity.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Madam President, we are talking here today about the brutal persecution of Christians, particularly in the Middle East. We should not lose sight of the fact that Christians are persecuted throughout the world, however, and I do not agree with what Mr Casaca said about there being very many religious minorities who are persecuted.
I am not talking about the chance killing, however reprehensible, of an infidel, but of cases where another religion is persecuted in the way that Christians are persecuted.
Actually to improve the position of Christians, however, it is important to understand the problem as part of a wider whole.
These are not all the examples, however, so in my view the European Parliament should prepare a full-scale report on the situation of Christians in the Middle East, or the situation of religious faiths generally.
To date, however, there has been an understanding in Uzbekistan, and I heard this with my own ears, that human rights are an internal matter for that country.
Today, however, we are not seeking dialogue but slamming a door shut.
I would like to stress, however, that these relations should be based on the principles of democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights, with particular emphasis on the latter.
Such a European policy, however well meaning, cannot succeed without the support of the inhabitants of Somalia.
It is now 2007 and the Union is to accede to the European Convention, but not, however, so that it becomes the only European system for protecting human rights.
The fact is, however, that by not signing and by opting out of the Charter, they are not protecting themselves; they are shielding something that is already protected.
I do believe that we can achieve unanimity on the Charter in this House, however, despite President Sarkozy's recent suggestion that unanimity contradicts democracy.
Sometimes, however, it does seem like an enumeration of all kinds of socio-economic promises.
Our fellow citizens, however, wish to see a Europe that provides solutions to the challenges of globalisation.
It is not, however, pessimistic to say that in the main this social Europe has yet to be built.
Please allow me to say that these priorities have nothing to do with treaties or operating rules or structures or revision of legislation or the reduction of legislation by the Commission which, however, would be very convenient.
In a political context, however, the term Europe has become synonymous with the enlarging European Union.
The latter are not always clearly defined, however, not even in the Charter of Fundamental Rights debated today, for example.
Happily, however, that period is behind us and in the meantime we have agreement on a good Reform Treaty.
There are, however, a number of problems about which the great leaders of the European Union speak as one but seem to be mistaken.
We are aware, however, that the ACP negotiations are proceeding slowly and that the reform of world trade, which would also have the merit of revitalising multilateralism in world trade, is flagging.
Some countries in East and South Africa have, however, reached interim agreements.
The Member States may, however, choose to allow this kind of advertising for films, television fiction and sports broadcasts.
For non-linear services, however, minimal essential provisions should be established. These could, for instance, concern the protection of minors, a ban on incitement to racial hatred, and a ban on surreptitious advertising.
What is positive, however, is that the ban comes first, followed by the exemptions which have already been mentioned here.
On reading President Bush's speech today, however, I see no sign of this.
I have been informed, however, that unfortunately we have very little time left.
In this context, however, the Commission is considering clarifying, in a declaration, our understanding of the new Recital 9e of the Data Protection Directive.
The Commission recognises, however, that Recital 8 includes a reference to these sanctions under criminal law and the UN Protocol.
Overall, however, I am very satisfied with the compromise achieved.
The process, however, was anything but a technical one.
Under the leadership of our rapporteur, Mrs Kallenbach, however, we found a balanced compromise among the main groups, one which takes account of the safety of individuals and society as well as the needs of those who enjoy using weapons as a pastime and hunters too, for example.
We must, however, ensure that it is the last.
In this context, however, I think we must constantly be mindful of the difference between legal and illegal firearms.
At the same time, however, the existing Treaties do enable the Union to implement a large number of policies which have a considerable impact on tourism and on the possibility of increasing it or maintaining Europe's competitiveness as a world leader.
More broadly, however, tourists - especially those arriving in Europe from third countries - are people who cross borders, just as other people cross borders for various reasons.
This must not lead to any lowering of national quality standards, however, but should send out an important signal to consumers.
The EU must utilise its existing opportunities to provide active support to Member States in this context without, however, calling existing national competences into question.
It does, however, introduce a number of amendments to the Council's proposal for the sake of clarity and transparency.
There is also a danger, however, that all the old conflicts will break out again.
We cannot, however, rule out the possibility that, after 2012, in the initial post-Kyoto phase, mankind will not have reached a unanimous agreement on the fight against climate change.
The rapidly increasing volume of cross-border trade flows, however, is a challenge to climate policy.
It should be borne in mind, however, that if the European Union achieves these emission reductions mainly as a result of its own action, with little contribution by other countries, the European Union's economic development might be threatened.
I feel, however, that, first and foremost and above all, we ought to respect the decision of the Venezuelan people.
Because of the complexity of its procedures, however, the Commission is still not being reliably informed of the various amounts and recipients of unduly paid funds and of their financial impact on the EU budget.
This annual report from the European Court of Auditors may, however, be of some help and may yet put some things right.
The Commission's latest proposals are worrying, however, since they may seriously affect beneficiaries of EU funds.
We shall, however, take the Council to task on the next best occasion.
As I said, however, we must deal with these things on a case-by-case basis, and the Commission is invited to do likewise.
I also pointed out, however, that there were other effects to consider.
For these particular positions, however, I regard personal and professional experience as crucial factors, and auditors simply do not possess these attributes in sufficient measure at the age of 25, 30 or 35.
The quality of candidates, however, must also take precedence over their sex.
I would point out, however, that the report will not deal with substantive consumer law.
Despite its technical nature, however, this regulation is hugely relevant for Europe's citizens.
We confidently assume, however, that this is the last such omission and that the same mistake will not be repeated in future legislative proposals from the Commission.
I was surprised, however, to see that Members of the UEN Group wished to delete a phrase in paragraph C referring to the release of people considered political prisoners.
There is never any talk, however, of Christianophobia, of anti-white racism.
Saying that, however, does not make it clear that all restrictions must be particularly well motivated.
There are, however, grave risks associated with this report.
Last week, however, the management of the radio decided to stop broadcasting Rádio Pátria in minority languages on medium wave due to a lack of funds.
Pilot projects already in existence, however, must be critically reviewed, mainly with regard to their efficiency and possible consequential damage.
It is only here, however, that the local authorities are able ultimately to have any influence.
This also means, however, that there is no tightening of the annual PM10 limits.
Cities and towns, however, can in future apply for an extension to the deadline for meeting the existing PM10 limits under strict conditions.
This means, however - and I deliberately wish to emphasise this - no free ticket for local authorities.
My position has always been that it is quite acceptable for Member States who are taking a number of measures but are unable to meet the standards to be given extra time to tackle hotspots; provided, however, that much stricter standards are introduced in the medium term.
The selling off of our public enterprises, however, which has led to a disastrously deficient public rapid transit network, is also now avenging itself.
The negotiated compromise, however, is also damage limitation, because the planned period of grace should now be understood as nothing more than an invitation to do nothing.
Nor should it, however - and this is a positive aspect of the compromise - give German local authorities carte blanche to twiddle their thumbs.
We must also stress, however, that the judgment of the Federal Administrative Court in Germany means and has emphasised for Germany that the local authorities are duty bound to act in any case.
What alarms me more than the limits we have set, however, is the current air situation in the Member States.
Mere limit values, however, are not enough in themselves.
What the Commission is proposing here in its regulation on population censuses, however, in reality has nothing to do with these necessities.
This would be, however, an abuse of power and a breach of the Treaty.
What is up for consideration, however, is how we allocate funds, how we distribute our Structural Funds.
The Member States should be free to select the best census modes and methods in accordance, however, with certain binding standards and quality requirements.
They must also, however, take market monitoring, for which they are responsible, much more seriously.
It is not just governments or their agencies that are being interrogated in this regard, however; toy manufacturers are being interrogated too.
As we have said, however, supervision is even better and this is what we have to achieve.
I will finish, however, by saying that China absolutely must play its part and the Commission must demand that it does so.
As stated, however, our legal practices, while originating from the same roots, have grown apart - often so far apart that these roots are no longer recognisable.
The Commission has, however, clearly stated several times that the CFR will not be a large-scale harmonisation of private law or a European civil code.
With regard to the second phase, however, with which we are concerned, as some MEPs are working on or taking part in the parliamentary group that is monitoring the common frame of reference, what we are finding is that apparently so much material has now been accumulated that selection seems to be difficult.
The EC's overall approach, however, remains unchanged: landmines and other explosive remnants of war must be considered within a broad context of humanitarian assistance, long-term and sustainable socioeconomic development programmes.
This is a subject, however, that I believe should continue to engage us and others - as the Commissioner has already said, and I have noted it - because the numbers are terrifying.
I believe, however, that there much more should be done.
The Commission has already done a great deal; the European Union has already done a great deal: 335 million over the last ten years, 33 million in 2007 alone; however, I think that the Council, the Commission and the Member States should call a meeting to review the Ottawa Convention and should do more to ensure all the countries in the world act on this matter and to bring about mine clearance and the total abolition of anti-personnel mines in the immediate future, as quickly as possible.
The overwhelming majority of mines, however, are in the hands of States not party to the Convention.
That should not, however, stand in the way of Europe fighting for as broad an interpretation as possible of what constitutes an anti-personnel mine.
We also know, however, that a short-term measure, a strategy for clearing our world of mines, is not sufficient.
We have to say, however, that they reflected a rather technocratic perspective from the outset, addressing questions such as whether there should be a link between sugaring and must aid.
Here I would like to point out that rightly or wrongly, for example in my country in the past, mass grubbing-up operations were carried out, for which, however, no financial assistance measures are now included at European level.
I do feel, however, that the Commission is tempted to get rid of the smallest and favour the biggest.
It must be said, however, that the Commission's assumption in 2006 was unmarketable wine surpluses in the EU, which have not materialised, and that its legislative proposal largely disregarded the opinion delivered by Parliament in February.
We do not always agree, however, on how to bring about such changes.
Part of this success, however, has been down to the use of sucrose as required.
The beneficiaries, however, only received 2.4 times less (EUR 2 million and EUR 4.9 million respectively).
In this regard, however, we are taking the opportunity afforded by the report to transmit some very clear messages.
The fact that the Sudanese authorities are refusing to hand over alleged war criminals to the International Criminal Court, however, highlights the limits of international justice and shows how much progress is still needed before the rule of law can be established in Darfur and throughout Sudan.
The European Community, however, concluded a horizontal agreement in December 2006.
It should be noted, however, that the time frame and budgetary arrangements for ARTEMIS and the other joint undertakings (2008-2013) are not in line with standard financial arrangements laid down in the seven-year financial perspective 2007-2013. This could give rise to certain problems in the future.
The question of proliferation of institutions within the framework of the European Union remains open, however, and does not only involve the institutional reconstruction of the Seventh Framework Programme.
This is only relevant, however, when the home Member State has no embassy or diplomatic representation in a third country.
Clearly, however, I would like such protection to be provided.
I am afraid, however, that much faster action is needed and I hope that the Commission will soon be pressurised to revise its decision.
This year, however, one project managed to overcome such rigidness: Galileo.
Enough, however, has been said as to the content of the draft document.
It must be stressed, however, that making progress in improving Parliament's information and communication strategy, would not in itself be sufficient.
As has already been mentioned in today's debate, however, the conciliation procedure generated an unpleasant impression.
Is this sufficient support, however, from a rich European Union for these 4.5 million people who are, through no fault of their own, in such a plight?
That, however, needs to be done if we are to pursue a credible policy on human rights.
Success, however, is not only the responsibility of the Commission.
The official summit, however, was a splendid initiative, and it is good to know that it has been held after seven years of failed attempts.
I do feel, however, that the main lesson to be learned from the summit is that the African continent is finally becoming emancipated and organised as an African unit, and this is certainly good news.
It will also be a challenge, however, with regard to the policies to be pursued together with civil society organisations.
It can no longer be ignored, however, that the demands of this Parliament are the demands of ordinary African citizens, and also of their political representatives.
On the subject of economic partnership agreements, however, I believe we have a real problem.
These, however, run counter to the draft directives on selective migration that Commissioner Frattini has presented.
Those who say, however, that the summit is not, in itself, the end of the road and that it will not, by itself, revolutionise relations with Africa are right.
We did, however, arrange a troika meeting with the Portuguese Presidency, President Barroso, the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy and myself.
I feel, however, that in relation to this issue the remarks are extremely unjustified.
I should tell you, however, that beyond this additional sum of one billion euros, half of which must be allocated to Africa, I do not have many more arguments.
The situation, however, could deteriorate when the general preferential trade agreements expire on the 31 December 2007.
On the other hand, however, as a energy product it could fall under the heading of non-agricultural market access (NAMA).
The Commission has, however, published guidance on sustainable urban transport plans and on integrated environment management plans, with the aim of assisting local authorities to implement the strategy's objectives.
It goes without saying, however, that it is the responsibility of the Member States to ensure, through their normal traffic surveillance, that such traffic offenders - for that is precisely what they are - are caught.
I am more than willing, however, to discuss the matter with the competent Commissioner and to ensure that you get an answer as quickly as possible to the question as to whether the Commission has any plans in this respect.
The environmental crime initiative is, however, far from being the only action taken by the Commission in order to prevent waste crime.
Our aspiration, however, was to go further and make it easier to achieve the desired aim.
The most important success, however, lies in the fact that passengers in Europe's aircraft will be safer in future.
Let me remind the House, however, that there is still a very great deal to do.
I wish to point out, however, that we cannot simultaneously increase the powers of an agency and reduce its budget.
What we want, however, is a universally binding method that will not subsequently be called into question.
We shall not be content, however, Commissioner, with a philosophical and mathematical treatment of the issue of assessing external costs.
Now, however, there are more steps to be taken, steps that are probably more important.
What is missing, however - and this has already been mentioned - is the absolutely crucial next step.
I should like to emphasise, however, that in this case simplification is understood exclusively as a technical process.
The current rules regulating promotion, however - and I mention this because I was in charge of these two regulations at the Spanish Ministry of Agriculture - have a tendency to jeopardise the system, and they must be revised with a view to simplification to allow them to function more efficiently in terms of proper use of funds.
This can, however, not apply to spare parts which have to be identical in design to the original parts if they are to serve a purpose.
From the legal standpoint, however, the problem in relation to models and to industrial designs in general lies in the fact that the protection we have to give is for the product as a whole.
As the Commissioner said, however, in order to secure the internal market we must unify the law within the entire European Union, and the crux of the matter is how to reconcile one thing with another.
I do believe, however, that innovative parts of that industry are not whinging but are getting on with their innovation.
Let me sound a warning, however, against further delays, including any that might be caused by the Council, because consumers have been waiting quite a long time now for lower repair bills and cheaper insurance premiums while these lengthy discussions have been taking place here in the House and among the Member States.
Removal of intellectual property for designs and models in many industries, not just in the car industry, however, conflicts directly with EU economic and commercial strategy.
Some Members, however, are nicer than others, Mr Cohn-Bendit.
One thing, however, is quite clear: this Treaty can only be a stepping stone.
Now, however, I would like to address two serious matters.
In Iran, however, the possibility of a nuclear bomb is not the only problem.
A treaty, however, can only create the right conditions, and the will and vigour to pursue a common foreign and security policy are essential too.
That cannot happen, however, unless the European Union has a common position on this issue.
I firmly believe, however, that it would be absolutely intolerable and unacceptable if Kosovo declared its independence unilaterally and we more or less acquiesced.
The Union's effort on the social front is, however, particularly puny.
It changes nothing of course, the negotiations will continue; however, Sarkozy, who is currently the strongest and the most political of the European Heads of State, as borne out by the speech that he gave to this House, then comes to talk to us about Europe's borders and the Mediterranean Union and people say rather dismissively 'he doesn't know what he is talking about, what is this Mediterranean Union, he doesn't know what game he is playing'.
It is not reasonable, however, and an alternative needs to be found, if we want something else, if we want a Europe of law, of individual rights in particular, a Europe of citizens rather than a Europe of states.
We still believe, however, that the Common Foreign and Security Policy will continue for the foreseeable future to stand or fall by the political will of the Member States, and that is regrettable.
A real fly in the ointment, however, is the lack of progress in bringing decision-making processes closer to the people.
I do expect it, however, to open doors to the future and to position the European Union on many issues.
I also expect, however, that clearing the way for ratification will also mean that the Council and Commission finally begin to communicate and provide information on the content of the Treaty in the Member States.
It must be stressed, however, that the atmosphere created around the new treaty has exaggeratedly linked its adoption or non-adoption with the European Union's chances of survival.
I would say this, however: 'Do not over-dramatise!
The only problem, however, is that the Commission's long-standing refusal to present a proposal to this effect has distorted competition.
Consumers, however, will not be guaranteed an uncompromised standard of safety in the repaired vehicle.
The majority of cheap copies of patent spare parts today, however, are produced in Asia, not in Europe.
The reform, however, must not favour Southern producers over Northern ones.
Globalisation, however, affects all human activity to a greater or lesser extent.
In my modest experience, however, use of this exceptional instrument rarely meets the criteria laid down in the interinstitutional agreement.
I would however like to make a few points.
In my opinion, however, endorsing the practice of sugaring and the provision under which this practice does not have to be indicated on the information label for consumers are critical points.
It is, however, the Commission's task to safeguard our share of global markets and to ensure that our products enjoy the international prestige they merit.
If the growing restrictions are lifted, however, labour-intensive hillside vineyards will become unviable.
We will continue to be critical of allies' policy where there are policy differences, however we recognise and welcome the on-going co-operation between the EU and democratic states, especially the important relationship between the EU and the US, in the field of Justice and Home Affairs.
It is impossible, however, to strive for social justice if human rights are not respected, if people cannot form trade unions or launch popular initiatives.
Equally, however, we cannot permit the Chinese authorities to dictate who may take part in them.
That will obviously lead me to mention measures which have more to do with security and policing; however, faced with the problem of extremism and its origins, we need once again to promote a European Union which is ever closer to citizens and therefore more able to pass on messages of tolerance, solidarity and respect for the Charter which, as of today, is one of the cornerstones binding on Member States and on citizens.
I say this with absolute respect for the national parliaments; however, as the government holding the presidency of the Council of Ministers has given its agreement, I believe that it must take steps with its own parliament, so that its reservation is withdrawn as soon as possible, and we can finally ensure that the framework decision comes into force after three and a half years of lengthy discussion.
The problem in Europe, however, is the growth of right-wing extremism and the problems which are causing right-wing extremism to proliferate.
It is in moral terms, however, that your attitude is most repugnant.
Unfortunately, however when we talk about facts, there is nobody to hear them.
On the other hand, however, we are fighting a different battle, even by criminal means, against the spread of those ideas, through action which leads to violence.
Some speakers have questioned whether it is necessary or important to raise such an issue in this House; I believe, however, that it has been very important.
True democracy also guarantees freedom of expression, which cannot, however, lead to any disturbance or cast doubt on peace, life and existence; indeed, we have got there today.
Clearly, however, that is not the final goal, but is no more than a starting point.
I would like to stress, however, that the Montenegrin landscape is a jewel, and special measures are needed to conserve its unique characteristics.
It is with even more gratitude, however, that I congratulate our Montenegrin counterparts and the Commission, who have once again demonstrated that a European perspective fuels the development of democracy, the rule of law and stability.
In actual fact, however, I feel that the process is advancing too slowly.
There are also dark sides, however, which cause me great concern and which other speakers have already mentioned.
The Montenegrins must beware, however, of an imbalance that would make them dependent on a single country - and I would say the same thing about dependence on any country, not just Russia.
We shall consent to it, however - and I include the Socialist Group here - because we want to help the country with its reform process.
Needless to say, however, we expect the Commission and the country itself to make every effort to eliminate corruption, which - and this is the sad thing - extends into political circles.
Montenegro, however, is not alone in facing these problems.
When it tried to exercise that right, however, obstacles were placed in its way.
What it still needs, however, is a stronger system of independent education, such as that provided by the Franciscan school centre in Tuzi, near Podgorica.
At the same time, however, we must remember that Montenegro has a great deal to change and to do, especially with respect to the rule of law and the fight against corruption.
Montenegro's initiative of declaring itself an ecological republic is laudable; however, the path to achieving credible implementation could be a long one.
Education, however, must not be confined to poster campaigns or visits to schools by government ministers.
This comfortable situation of ours, however, should not breed complacency.
The increasingly cross-border nature of financial market structures in Europe, however, requires us to focus more sharply on the question of cooperation between the diverse deposit-guarantee schemes in Europe.
The funding of the guarantee schemes, however, is a matter for the Member States, and the structures of the schemes are quite diverse.
I do, however, support the line taken by the rapporteur.
If individual investors are to make informed decisions, however, information requirements and disclosure obligations must establish some degree of comparability between competing products.
Even maximum transparency, however, will count for nothing if investors do not possess at least a minimum level of knowledge about diverse financial products and the way they work.
At the present time, however, the European fund landscape is extremely fragmented, which breeds relative inefficiency and excessive costs, especially by comparison with competitor countries.
The Commission, however, is disregarding one of the main obstacles to cross-border mergers, namely taxation.
The Commission, however, should prepare itself to engage actively in the international discussions on these matters.
To prevent any unnecessary and counter-productive delay with that revision, however, Parliament has clearly proposed that no extension of eligible assets should take place until legislative reform of the UCITS Directive is complete.
To leave it at that, however, is not good enough: there is no substitute for responsibility on the part of those engaged in product placement and we need to remember that.
The Agency for Fundamental Rights, however, alongside other agencies that are being set up at an impressive rate, is not only a waste of money but a further dubious, not to say harmful, initiative on the part of Brussels.
I would argue, however, that, taken as a whole, the maintenance relationship has a mixed character.
As well as from counterfeits, however, the European textile sector is currently suffering from the weakness of the US dollar.
In the wider context, however, and for the sake of European consumers, we shall also have to ensure the enforcement of binding rules on 'made in...' labelling for textile products, and effective application of the surveillance system for imports from third countries.
Should the upsurge, however, take such dimensions that action is justified, this will be based on existing requirements and criteria.
This agreement, however, needs to be well put together, well negotiated and ambitious.
I note, however, that some small adjustments are still needed as regards the classification of expenditure on which the Council reserves its rights.
We also, however, need the cooperation of the African Union and the Arab League, which are unfortunately still keeping completely aloof.
This should not, however, absolve us Europeans of our responsibilities.
As well as this discrimination in terms of political rights, however, there are many other types of discrimination that have been reported in various media, recently and continuously, which motivated this second resolution that we are debating today.
We are also calling on our colleagues in the Japanese National Assembly, however, to make their contribution in parliament to help get these mechanisms accepted.
In supporting the resolution and the demand for compensation, we would, however, point out that in modern times, too, the boundary between the normal and the pathological is being eroded, and this flies in the face of moral norms, so there is a need for radical moves to combat prostitution as a form of modern-day slavery.
Good governance of Europe also has a medium- and long-term vision, however, and we support the European Council's decision to set up a Reflection Group to measure the future impact of decisions taken today, here, at the heart of our democracy, which will seek solutions to the challenges that a united Europe will have to face in the next 10, 20 or 30 years, which will reflect on EU development strategies.
Our Member States, however large or densely populated they may be, have no chance of prosperity without integration.
If we want to gain this trust, however, we have to say to the people: 'Europe is organised on the basis of social responsibility'.
There are, however, quite a few areas where the European Union has for a long time been indecisive.
Several Member States were unwilling to seek a solution; the Portuguese representatives, however, did not hesitate.
Under the 1996 Directive, however, posted workers have to observe a nucleus of mandatory rules for minimum protection in the host Member State.
There is no doubt that the two journalists and their driver, Al-Hassane, broke Niger laws by entering a prohibited area. In my opinion, however, it was for sound journalistic reasons because their aim was to report on the Tuareg rebellion, and they also intended to return to the capital to question the Niger authorities so that they would have as broad a view as possible.
I am an admirer of the progress made in recent decades in China; however, the arrest of Mr Hu Jia by the Chinese sends out completely the wrong message, one that is very difficult for us to understand.
In this context, I welcome the Commission's decision not to activate the safeguard clause in this field; however, this is not enough.
We also said to them, however, that they could count on having a set of stable, reliable and predictable framework conditions and, more importantly, sufficient time - which is something Mr Chatzimarkakis just mentioned - in order to prepare themselves for the mandatory requirements to come.
The automotive industry should be capable of delivering less polluting products; however, the industry needs support in its research activities and it is especially important that any constraint should take into account the time required to develop new types of cars, from concept to design, manufacturing, testing and marketing.
It is, however, ruinous to the climate, and so it is important that we do what we can to reduce CO2 emissions.
What is really astonishing and alarming, however, is that this reality is still being talked up here in this House, which should really be representing the interests of more than just the elite few.
In the legislative work programme of the Commission, however, there is one point which states that, in the second half of the year, we will present a concrete legislative proposal - with the necessary impact assessment - on the CCCTB.
It is true, however, that the Committee on Transport was notified in the codecision procedure, which is contrary to Article 73(3) of the Treaty.
Thus we all understand that regulation is essential in this area, however there is also a risk that regulation may give the opposite effect - increased costs and expenditure may result in higher prices for the services provided by airports and this may in turn impact airlines.
I would also like to congratulate the Commission on being sensitive to the fact that that diversity cannot, however, imply systems that are far from transparent, which can be discriminatory or provide for limited participation on the part of the various stakeholders and users.
The secondary aims of this directive are, however, very good.
The real competitive disadvantage to our industry, however, would arise if it were forced to jeopardise health, the environment and international law in order to survive.
In the brief time at my disposal I only wish to list a few points of particular importance, such as better protection against hepatitis and AIDS and the continued systematic removal of asbestos from workplaces, however complex and expensive that may be.
We are actually told nothing, however, about the causes of occupational illness - of which there are three.
To discuss only those aspects would, however, be less than generous towards those who rightly call for explanations and justice in face of dreadful tragedies such as the one that occurred a few days ago in Turin, to which Mr Panzeri referred a moment ago.
I certainly do not intend totally to condemn the conduct of the German multinational or even imagine that the factory, however guilty, maliciously and deliberately failed to comply with the safety requirements in order to save money.
What we lack, however, is adequate controls, inspections to ensure the laws are observed, staff and financial resources.
(RO) We welcome the good intentions of the Commission; however, we are in doubt as to their effectiveness.
First and foremost, however, the increasing pressure to perform which characterises the contemporary workplace creates not only physical problems but psychological problems too.
We did, however, find a solution to this problem during the Commission's work, by accepting the verbal proposal by the Council and incorporating it into the text.
There was, however, a need for cooperation, so I would like to thank the participants, my fellow Members who submitted amendments, the Council and the Commission.
The issue here, however, is to take account of the changes that have taken place in social security legislation in states such as Ireland, Hungary, Poland, the Netherlands and Austria in order to ensure effective modernisation and adaptation.
I must, however, criticise the Council's common position.
In spite of these improvements, however, I believe that the emerging majority is only prepared to go halfway, no doubt partly influenced by the absence of consent in the Council and by the desire to bring the legislative project to a conclusion.
There is also, however, one exemption for which we would argue, and it relates to renovation loans.
The result of its efforts, however, must honour the pledge made to consumers by offering them a wider choice, better terms and conditions in the wake of increasing competition and less red tape.
Let me re-emphasise, however, that consumer protection is best served if we consider the whole picture, as the Commissioner rightly indicated, rather than tacking together all the provisions that apply anywhere in Europe.
In my opinion, however, the draft is simply not good enough.
This, however, presupposes that the various groups exercise their minority rights properly and do not abuse them.
It is equally true, however, that a clear majority of this House voted that we should not debate or hear the explanations of vote now but at ten o'clock this evening.
I do ask you, however, Mr President - and you may cut me off, that does not interest me at all - what this Parliament's Rules of Procedure say?
It is, however, a very interesting point and we shall check the relevant rule.
At the same time, however, we tend to forget that each person is innocent until proved guilty.
Europe would never have been the centre of the world at one time without the freedom to be able to tell the truth bluntly and uninhibitedly, however much it might offend.
It is a cliché, but true nonetheless, that every decision is worth however much of it is implemented.
The UN confirmed, however, that in the majority of cases the children were not orphans and did not come from Darfur, but from Chad, the neighbouring country.
I wish to highlight two points, however, to which I attach particular importance.
Existing legislation, policies and structures, however, are still insufficient to respond to the whole range of questions raised in connection with protecting children, whether they are victims of poverty, trafficking, domestic violence, sexual abuse, pornography, child labour or the outrage of child soldiers that persists in the 21st century.
At the same time, however, an ever-increasing number of areas coming under EU jurisdiction have a direct impact on the rights of the child.
It is shameful, however, that one hundred million children living in the European Union are not equal as regards the rights and freedoms that they possess.
(SK) All Member States ratified the 1989 UN Convention on the Rights of the Child; however, the Convention does not include any sanctioning mechanism.
I do not, however, support the creation of a separate parliamentary body with responsibility for children's rights.
I do, however, support the creation of a post of Commissioner for human rights and minorities, who would also be responsible for protecting the rights of children.
On 2 January 2008, however, the Commission's spokesperson said that infringement proceedings against Italy had been opened in June 2007.
When there are more coincidences than might normally be expected, it is highly likely that an interest is being defended, and when the political interest, however unconsciously, espouses other interests, which coincide, moreover, with those of the 'eco-mafias', the question is no longer one of left or right or merely of political incapacity.
Campania does not, however, mirror the whole of Italy, and fortunately many regions such as Lombardy have made considerable progress and have set up efficient waste collection and disposal systems.
In other regions, however, there is much cause for concern.
This does not seem to be happening, however, because here, as is usual, the cut and thrust of politics means that everyone is taking the position that best suits them.
Apart from this, however, my services are ready to assist Italy in any manner deemed necessary and helpful for finding and implementing a long-term sustainable solution to the current waste-management problem.
The fact is, however, that some of these products are being marketed here with generally recognised certification marks, including in some cases the familiar CE mark.
The Commission, however, takes the view that the VHI's capacity has indeed changed.
There is also, however, a family-based approach to learning.
We did stumble over a few points, however, and this is reflected in the amendments we have formulated.
As you are also aware, however, this very data is used for speculation in commodity futures on the stock exchange, and such forecasts could be used for that purpose.
Farmers, however, are very sensitive when there is any suspicion that they are being spied upon.
Financing sources for the project should, however, remain unchanged, i.e. within the framework of a separate budget line, and not from the European Agricultural Guarantee Fund.
This also demonstrates, however, that the data being collected does indeed transcend the domain of agriculture.
The farmer, however, assured them that he had done nothing.
It is rather that general principle that is at issue; but that general principle does not, however, allow the European Commission to establish the way in which the Polish legal order should change its legislation, because, as the issue is subject to national law, if it were wished in national law to govern the loss of the status of national MP rather than the loss of the status of MEP in a different way, that would be possible, the important factor being that the provisions on one are brought into line with the provisions on the other.
Taxes and fiscal policies are not, however, entrusted to the European Union.
The proposals in question, however, mean excessive bureaucracy and detailed regulation, which is disadvantageous to those Member States which have chosen to deregulate the aviation sector.
I consider it advisable, however, to make some comments in particular as regards the link between airport charges and the costs of the services offered.
The Swedish air transport agency LFV and the smaller air transport companies, however, have misgivings with regard to new legislation.
They will, however, make less profit temporarily in order to be able to stabilise their competitive position in the future.
They will, however, temporarily be making a lesser profit in order to stabilise their competition position in the future.
It is to be deplored, however, that following cuts imposed by the Government Sweden no longer meets the requirements laid down by the ILO and now the European Parliament.
Today is also special for another reason, however, and I therefore extend a particularly warm welcome to the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Durão Barroso, because it is exactly 50 years ago that the first President of the European Commission, Walter Hallstein, convened his first Commission.
Walter Hallstein said on 16 January 1958 - I quote, because it is a short sentence addressed to the Members of the Commission: 'Your work will bear fruit, however, only when there is close cooperation with the other bodies, particularly the Council of Ministers and Parliament's Assembly.'
Having said that, however, I would like to mention some specific points that are especially relevant for the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance.
Yet, the European Central Bank has just threatened to raise interest rates if this demand, however legitimate, is met, despite the fact that profits have never been so high, as the experts acknowledge.
My request, however, is that you do not overdo things.
This does not mean, however, that we do not share Serbia's concern and cannot understand why Serbia has great problems here.
We also want to engage in dialogue with Russia about the quality of democracy in that country, however, and in particular the problems we have experienced recently with election observation and the way we see this versus the way Russia sees it.
I think it is important to say, however, that besides these priorities there are certain tasks that favour them.
It is, however, important that this priority is not only expressed as a fine undertaking, but can also be reflected as a priority in the EU budget.
The view expressed by Slovenia's prime minister, however - that the security situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina might be worse than in Kosovo - has met an equivocal reaction.
For my part, however, I believe that greater weight ought to have been given to the attempt to achieve greater understanding and acceptance by the public both of the Reform Treaty and of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
We can agree today, however, by way of exception.
I do, however, sense - and I feel - that if we can remote sense cows, why do we not remote sense the people's views about the referendum?
It is particularly important for women, however, that the relevant framework programmes for child care are available here.
I do think, however, that Europe, and first and foremost the European Commission, should not interfere too much in what is a competence of the Member States.
Like most of my colleagues, however, I voted against Amendment 29 on Article 16, and I am pleased it was rejected.
We must emphasise, however, that many of the points in the report relate to fields which should be regulated on an intergovernmental basis, for example that of adoptions.
In all cases, however, the criterion should be 'the child's best interests'.
I do have one more thing to get off my chest, however: something that our group considers extremely regrettable.
Humanitarian aid should, however, be provided in such a way that it really reaches displaced persons and there is proper control over the way in which funds are used.
What have gone relatively well, however, are the parliamentary elections, the elections for members of the national parliament.
Without political engagement, however, there will be no agreement, and the European Union is urging its political talks.
I also thank most warmly the rapporteur, Mr Díaz de Mera, for the quality of his report and I would highlight the quality of the amendments proposed on the basis of his proposal, which has, however, been subject since then to many modifications, mentioned by the Presidency, following discussions during the German and Portuguese Presidencies.
We have all, however, got it straight that part of the administration would again be financed by operational resources.
Our group has, however, decided not to leave out his contribution to a dossier that we believe to be of strategic importance for the process of European integration.
It must be equally clear, however, that there are certain ground rules in police work.
I would like to make it clear to the Council, however, that support for the Díaz de Mera García Consuegra report is not synonymous with support for the Council decision, because there are still some differences between the two, particularly regarding data protection.
With the agency proposed by the rapporteur, however, there is an urgent need for the introduction of clear principles for the democratic monitoring of Europol and personal data protection.
At the same time, however, the country is the West's main ally against terrorism.
The message of the strange, tragic assassination of Benazir Bhutto is, however, that we are impotent, and this is because terrorism in Pakistan lies behind the structures of the State, and actually stems from the secret services which - let us not forget - built the Taliban and to this day support and assist them.
I would, however, remind you that there will be other occasions when you will have the opportunity to speak.
The Council has, however, signed the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights with the President of this House and the President of the Commission.
It is important, however, to act quickly because I am afraid that, now that the proposal has been made, it will simply be discussed to death and there will be too much dithering.
It is not, however, just a funding problem.
The European regulations do have to be applied, however, and I should say that we at the Commission have made the firm decision to ensure that they are implemented.
This year, however, may be the watershed; 2008 may be a year of crisis.
Just the name of the report, 'from promises to actions', however, is enough to encourage the Union to be more actively involved in this region.
The region's many challenges, however, call for more effective action on the part of the Union and, furthermore, require the countries of South Caucasus to show more responsibility and commitment to this partnership.
Thirdly, it is charming that the old-new President is suggesting a dialogue with Russia; however, a rule applies that, just like at an official ball, if you offer an arm to a lady it does not mean that you will be dancing the way she wishes.
What we must remember, however, is that in the long term this policy will not stabilise the area: it will do the opposite, perhaps generating new tensions, and we already have plenty of those to be going on with.
This mix, however, provides a number of opportunities for a combination of the various policies to produce a much larger aggregate effect.
Equally important, however, will be the EU's role in advancing the culture of democratic dialogue in the region.
Apart from the geopolitical situation, however, another cause of friction with Russia is, objectively, the oil and gas pipelines in Georgian territory, designed to carry Azerbaijan's oil and gas westwards.
In view of recent events, however, this is not in fact true and we know full well that that is the case.
The panorama is always the same: the persistence of stereotypes in the choice of educational and professional guidelines, over-representation of women in certain sectors such as the textile industry, the pay gap, working conditions and career prospects. The recommendations never change, however: promoting equality between men and women in professional spheres in terms of pay, their presence on company boards, or developing structures for child care and employment flexibility.
It can regrettably be noted, however, that despite the existing relevant legal framework, a number of EU directives and resolutions remain without proper implementation.
I must, however, voice certain regrets as to the format of the report.
In recent months, however, the Chinese authorities have been allowing themselves to violate freedom of expression more frequently than usual.
It has proved simply impossible to punish the soldiers concerned, however, because their unit leaders did all they could to impede the prosecution.
We should keep in mind, however, that behind these statistics lie the tragedies of individual women.
That is no exception, however. The situation is similar in all factions.
Public approval, however, is very easily squandered, Mr Barroso, especially when there is an ostensible gulf between words and deeds.
I am afraid, however, that unless the US starts taking this issue seriously our efforts will be in vain.
Let us hope, however, that it will act as a stimulus for solving this issue.
I would however raise one political point - already alluded to by Mr Musacchio - which affects all of us.
We must bear in mind, however, that our international competitors in many cutting-edge sectors of the economy take the opposite view.
In the Directive on the promotion of renewable energy sources, however, I think there is insufficient emphasis on the urgent need to promote technologies for converting biomass directly into gas.
The greatest danger within the European Union, however, is the lukewarm and reluctant attitude of some Member States, which is jeopardising implementation of these ambitious plans.
As far as competitiveness is concerned, however, a lot has to be done in order to make the Commission's proposals more precise and, in the absence of a possible future agreement, we should be very careful regarding countries like Bulgaria and the energy mix, so that the possibilities for further developing energy and industry are preserved on the basis of achievable targets and at an achievable price.
It is, however, particularly important for the countries that are struggling to catch up.
I nevertheless think that the solution lies in continued dialogue, with the population and civil society, undoubtedly, but also with the political authorities, however difficult that may be.
At the same time, however, I wonder whether we Europeans have really played all our cards yet.
Europeans have, however, had a mandate for access to Gaza since 2005.
I am aware, however, that this question currently takes a back seat behind the major political question, namely what we can do to resolve the current situation.
We in the European Parliament, however, must focus first and foremost on its implications for the security of the continent of Europe.
From a European point of view, however, we cannot tolerate a division of our continent into areas with differing degrees of security.
There is, however, no such balance between Europe and Russia.
The position adopted by the Commission and the Council, however, outshines Schweik; it outdoes Franz Kafka too, and it even outdoes any ostrich.
In the end, however, our united stance was what guided the Council, and so I too wholeheartedly agree with the common position.
The present version of the directive is not, however, as ambitious as the Commission's original proposal.
This will not be the case, however, unless the basic conditions are right.
Just as important as the Bali decision, however, is the emphasis placed for the first time on the need for developing countries to take active measures.
In the opinion of many eminent scientists, however, man's influence on these changes is not very great.
The real outcome, however, will be a worsening of the economies of the new Member States within the next two to three years.
The main message now, however, which Europe can send the world, is connected with our own climate policy.
On the positive side, however, Bali remedied Kyoto's shortcomings in areas such as forestry management, the need to support adaptation by the poorest countries in particular, the role of technology and the extension of climate responsibilities to economies not usually considered to be developed.
The European Union must, however, realistically examine and assess the level of reduction that is tolerable.
The answer, however, is: not quite yet.
The production of renewable resources, however, is crucially dependent on the development and application of sustainability criteria.
If the EU is to remain in the vanguard of this struggle, however, it is not enough simply to create legislative initiatives or draw up binding targets.
As is shown by the data for 2005, however, the United States has increased its greenhouse gas emissions by 16.4%, while the EU is reaching the Kyoto target and in 2005 emitted in total 7.9% less than 1990 levels.
We must, however, always bear in mind that our leading role depends on and is influenced by the policies and measures we adopt within the EU.
Considering the preparations for the American presidential elections that have taken place up to now, however, we may hope that a candidate who, in contrast with the current administration, feels responsible for the future of our planet is the one who wins.
Accidents at sea, however, are part of the common maritime policy.
This, however, is all you would expect from someone who spoke in favour of the Soviet invasion of Hungary.
The EU Roma Strategy does, however, form a basis for working out a policy for new and traditional national minorities within the EU.
(SK) The European Parliament recognised the struggle for human rights in Cuba by awarding the Sakharov Prize to the Cuban dissident Oswald Payá Sardiñas in 2002 and to the Ladies in White in 2005; however, ladies and gentlemen, there is much more to solidarity.
There is, however, another question here. How can it even occur to the Slovak Ministry of the Environment to support and recommend such a power plant?
Funds have been earmarked for the desegregation of Roma; however, problems still persist.
We ought to encourage research and eco-innovation through the development of energy-efficient technologies, without, however, ignoring the need for a shift in our consumer habits.
We are in the middle of Sustainable Energy Week and, however positive this event is, it should not divert attention from the fact that what governments, in particular, have achieved over the last two or three years on energy efficiency is extremely disappointing.
I need to clarify here, however, that in certain instances the set target may be that of reducing discards to the absolute minimum possible.
According to the information available, however, and the Commissioner will correct me if I am wrong, not even ten Member States have taken the necessary measures to ensure that the regulation has full effect now.
We have, however, two Member States - Denmark and Estonia - where we do not have any information on the process.
We have to remember, however, that any programme can transfer its management to the EGGC at any time of its existence, so no potential damage to the policy arises from the fact that the Member States have not yet implemented the requisite adjustments.
The area of security we are discussing here is, however regrettably, to some extent also an area in which criminals - particularly Islamic extremists - are given free rein.
For many of us, however, the Internet is also a battlefield for the protection of citizens' fundamental rights.
We in Europe, however, can do as much work as we want on the common area of freedom, security and law when third countries' legal systems are apparently impeding us in this exercise.
We did briefly discuss the substance of the issue yesterday, however, after Mr Hannan asked for leave to speak.
Furthermore, Javier Solana has clearly linked the situation in Lebanon and the wider area with the issue of nuclear weapons - without, however, making any reference to Israel's nuclear weapons.
It would be desirable, however, for the Bali Action Plan to refer to quantified targets for the reduction in CO2 emissions.
Deforestation and slashing and burning, however, jeopardise this extremely important role enormously.
in writing. - I fully disapprove of discards - and this is the policy of my party - but I am unable to vote for the imposition of EU decisions, however enlightened they may sometimes appear.
Let us consider, however, why catches are discarded, at a time when many workers would love to eat more fish.
Unfortunately, however, Polish farmers are bound by Union provisions.
The Internet transcends national borders, however, and there is no common Union legislation to deter potential perpetrators and penalise those who commit actions of this kind.
The worst aspect of this scenario, however, is that these cruel acts are not taking place far away in distant countries; no, as committed activists from Austria have told me, they are happening right on our doorsteps.
If some of them nevertheless wish to leave Kosovo, however, we must prevent them from going to areas of Serbia inhabited by other ethnic groups, such as the Albanian-populated southern areas or the Hungarian-populated northern regions.
It also shows, however, that in future a solution to every crisis can be found by means of international cooperation.
Within the territory of Kosovo, however, there are several forces at work, not just a single one.
Mr Tomczak's case has, however, highlighted the lack of consistency between arrangements for election to the Polish Sejm and the European Parliament in Poland regarding conditions to be met by candidates for election, and the circumstances in which after being elected individuals may be deprived of their seat.
The procedure for elected Members must also be at least as strict, however, because there can be no grounds for asserting that ethical requirements should be relaxed as far as Members of Parliament are concerned.
Difficulties on the part of these countries should not, however, become a reason to re-evaluate the existing system of decentralised controls governing the use of Structural Funds.
It cannot, however, be reduced to a simple legacy of the past.
As a Member from South Baden, I must point out, however, that the customs code could cause considerable problems at the EU's external borders with countries which are not EU Member States, unless precautionary measures are taken in time.
It is worth considering, however, why Muslim terrorists are able to garner so much support amongst young people of Arab descent born in Member States of the European Union.
One of the world's most open economies, however, such as the European model, cannot allow itself to be carried away by certain dogmatisms.
The main objective of our strategy, however, has to be reciprocity of trade relations, especially for example in China, and more rigorous enforcement of international trade legislation, rather than labelling this enforcement as protectionism.
Not all economic entities are in a position to deal with competition, however, especially when competition is not always fair, and is dominated by the great and powerful.
Since then, however, it has proved tremendously difficult to bring about a reform.
At the start, however there was no debate to be had.
There can be no doubt, however, that it has highly significant political implications for consumers and for the European economy as a whole.
The main objective of the Commission in its proposal for a regulation, however, was to improve, strengthen and harmonise the system of market surveillance.
I do believe, however, that an increasingly close link is developing between the internal market and external trade.
In committee, however, we maintained a balance, to which Mr Verheugen referred and to which I also attach great importance, although it has sometimes been overlooked in this debate.
The latter, however, usually does not have anything in common with the technical parameters of the product.
Now, however, importers are to bear a greater share of responsibility alongside manufacturers.
I have no doubt, however, that Commissioner Kuneva is committed to addressing this matter.
It must also be possible, however, to continue marking products visibly with the Member States' recognised symbols, because we are aware that these inspire great confidence among hosts of consumers.
In recent years, however, it is not so much our legislation that has posed problems as its application in the Member States.
For some years, however, there has been another mark which is graphically almost identical to the CE marking, apart from the spacing between the two letters, which means something quite different: 'China Export'.
Today's votes, however, have completely changed the report.
It should be emphasised, however, that our vote in favour does not mean that we are satisfied with the formulation of the current legislation.
Care must be taken, however, to ensure that on this occasion highly paid lobbyists are not the only beneficiaries of such databases, but that they also enable SMEs and ordinary people, through easy-to-follow logical processes, to obtain the grants and other forms of support that interest them.
There is, however, a need for caution, because scrutiny cannot extend to laying an institution and its members entirely bare and creating transparent people.
Within the bounds of data protection, however, such an arrangement, namely the enshrinement of a kind of ethical code, is undoubtedly welcome.
While it is true, however, that in the area of private initiative it is not up to us to make choices or, worse still, to impose priorities, in the area of public initiatives there is a long way to go.
I must say, however, that if the internal market you seek to develop is perceived by people in Sweden and other countries as a threat to the social standards they enjoy at home, they will reject that internal market.
Since I know, however, that you are a man who is capable of learning, I am fairly sure you will redress the balance a little.
For the time being, however, we would be interested to hear your views on this case, Prime Minister.
Sakharov prize-winner Salih Mahmoud Osman, however, addressing a plenary sitting of the European Parliament last December, said that there will be no peace without justice.
When, however, they see us busying ourselves with tractor lights and other trifles, I am sure they are disappointed.
I wonder, however, whether perhaps it would have been wiser for the EU to solve its internal problems before enlargement.
This global age, however, will not bear the stamp of one single country or continent.
I would, however, dare to disagree strictly with attempts to achieve fiscal balance by means of mechanically reducing expenditure.
It should, however, be stressed that this is the time to take responsible decisions.
The current situation, however, is such that large businesses with an established place on the market have incomparably better finance opportunities than people wishing to start up their own businesses.
At the same time, however, we have seen social marginalisation and an increase in the number of insecure jobs.
The profits then made are, however, no longer passed on to the national economy.
Over the last seven years, the US economy has grown in value by 4.2 billion, while total credits, however, have grown by 21.3 billion.
In addition, however, we must level-headedly examine two negative elements.
When it comes to concrete measures, however, the messages we hear are very different.
We know full well, however, that there are contradictions in this area too.
It is true that the disagreement that I referred to in my question may have been partially corrected; however, it is still the case that the Danish aviation authority does not permit SAS planes to take off before they have resolved the technical problems, while other aviation companies are actually using planes which have these technical problems.
Member of the Commission. - (EL) Mr President, I should firstly like to remind you of the Commission's firm resolve: however useful or necessary a project may be, it should never be realised to the detriment of the environment, public health or the cultural heritage of a Member State.
Does he accept however, that it is important that help is given to lesser used languages in their own context and not to tie them in too much with lifelong learning?
I would also like to take this opportunity, however, specifically to thank the AFET secretariat and of course also Group colleagues, who should not be forgotten at this point and without whom this report could not have come into being.
Basically, however, when it comes to energy sources, we are speaking of two countries, Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.
We hope, however, that this is just the beginning of what we would like to see.
There is, however, enormous potential for developing our relations further.
In any event, however, the Central Asia Strategy adopted last year during the German Presidency and this European Parliament report mark a good step forward.
On reading the report, however, the overall impression is that the acclamations were not serious or sincere.
It seems to me, however, that in the report and in the European Union's strategy in general there are not enough strategic decisions or actions relating to these countries, whereas it appears to me that Russia, China, South Korea and India all influence those regions very significantly.
We must not, however, regard energy supplies, which are extremely important to our citizens, as the only reason for EU relations with that region.
This, however, can only be done on the basis of mutual trust.
We must bear in mind, however, that it will not be an easy task, because the region is an ethnic, linguistic, religious, political and social patchwork still under strong Russian influence.
I find myself obliged to point out, however, that we note with concern that opposition politicians and journalists in countries that are neighbours of Uzbekistan are dying in mysterious circumstances.
We are looking at nothing less than a total package of economic and democratic development, together with cultural and scientific exchange, which, however, gives clear priority to protection of the environment and the development of civil society.
Without constant control by the European Parliament, however, poverty reduction will not be able to take centre stage in EU foreign policy, still less without the appointment of a separate European Commissioner for Development in future.
As a friend, however, I can also tell them that that is what they are paid for.
I do not agree, however, with the increased emphasis on military aspects.
For us, however, Lisbon is not merely a treaty that provides an answer to the questions raised by enlargement.
At the same time, however, it is a report that forms part of the desire to consolidate the European Union as a political and democratic union.
My third and final point, however, is that now it is time to move on.
When we do that, however, we must not forget that we have a vision.
I hope, however, that one day we all will be able to shout, 'Habemus tractatum rei publicae Europae.'
Having a text is one thing, however, but ratification is another, and implementation another thing again: this may be the most important of the tasks now facing us.
At the same time, however, a multi-speed Europe is emerging.
These developments will not, however, lead to replacement of national foreign policies.
To this end, however, a special effort is needed to promote European citizenship, based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Much has changed, however, since the recent elections.
In any case, however, the powers of decision in these areas lie with the national parliaments.
They must, however, take firm steps to prevent the violation of fundamental and essential human rights and freedoms.
I have also been aware, however, that these issues raise questions regarding data protection and I acknowledge the hard work done in committee to address these concerns.
There is one exception, however: progress in the introduction of the Lisbon agenda.
There is a danger, however, that this situation may have arisen from a lack of registrations of complaints, or from administrative problems in the institutions responsible for considering violations.
One stage of the procedure, however, namely the sending of a case to an interested Member State that is, above all, the party responsible for improper application of Community law, is a cause for concern: this may lead to a weakening of the role of warden of the treaties that rests with the Commission.
The statistics do not, however, tell the whole story.
Scrap the mixing of autocracy, however, and govern with shrewdness and corporatism!
Primarily, however, it is important for ensuring legal certainty among European citizens.
The other reason is perhaps somewhat more practical, however: citizens of the new Member States need to learn, gradually, that they can complain, and how to do so.
I believe there are two things we absolutely must do: the first is decisively, through a political decision, to strengthen the role of the Committee on Petitions, which as Mrs Wallis said, is our window on the world; the second is that we should systematically organise application sessions, which do, however, require the open cooperation of the Commission.
After what happened under Milošević, however, and also after years of negotiations to find a solution, what has now happened was unavoidable.
This was not the case, however, as he repeated the familiar Serbian position ad nauseam without even a glimmer of an appreciation that opposing points of view also existed.
The Serbs must realise, however, that there is no way back to the situation as it stood prior to 1999. Destabilisation attempts are merely bringing them losses.
At the same time, however, I understand the consternation and grief of many Serbs in Kosovo, and of course also in Serbia itself.
The situation that has come about consequently requires the international community to take some particularly well thought out and responsible decisions, the outcome of which will, however, be freedom and peace.
The situation in the Balkans, however, clearly demonstrates that EU policy offers no solution that would prevent the division of the state while providing for the peaceful coexistence of all the ethnic and religious entities within it.
It is all the more worrying, however, that Member States of the European Union have failed to reach unanimity regarding recognition of Kosovo.
We must also make it clear, however, that violence will not be tolerated.
It is a fact, however, that they are elements of the whole migration policy, which are still to be linked together and strengthened in the future.
The report points out, however, that it is important to respond both to the challenges and the opportunities now.
The basis for ensuring the rights of children, however, is that future generations should also feel responsible for the world outside the family.
I am, however, going to dissent from the conviction to be found in the report that this problem will be resolved for us by migration movements.
It must be stressed, however, that global problems such as infectious diseases and biodiversity can only be solved successfully with the participation of these countries.
I would like to remind you, however, that we should be mindful of the strategic objectives of European cohesion policy, namely narrowing disparities in living conditions between the European Union's regions and supporting the Lisbon and Göteborg strategies.
At the same time, however, they confirm the marked failure of this policy as regards approximating the level of development between regions.
There is an urgent need to clarify this concept, however, and establish an unambiguous definition of what the territorial dimension involves.
We should remember, however, that the start is always the most difficult stage, and look to the Czech Republic for a positive example of how much can be achieved.
He has highlighted, however, that in spite of this growth, there are great inequalities between regions within those countries.
The prerequisite, however, is a balanced cohesion budget for the EU.
A different view exists, however, regarding the choice of wording in the report on the demand for financial resources for cohesion policy post-2013.
The Committee has therefore found good compromise wording which, however, only applies to the text of the resolution and not to the recitals.
However, we should keep our poise because there is no infallible local or national economy in this world, and however much we believe in social justice, not all citizens can always be winners at the same time, in the same place and all the time.
I am afraid that the situation will soon demand intervention, which should, however, be authorised by the United Nations.
In the present situation, however, prospects of achieving this noble aspiration would appear to be remote.
It also leads, however, to the gradual ageing of the population.
In the face of the charge made by capitalist restructurings and the frontal attack on employment rights, however, even verbal use of this term is tending to disappear, and with it the paltry provision of the Community budget.
It is, however, obvious that all these cases are no simple matter, nor do they produce immediate results.
For this, however, the international community must be fully committed, and the UN mandate renewed, as some countries have suggested.
Less than six years after regaining its independence, however, East Timor now stands on the brink of chaos.
One thing is absolutely certain, however, namely that violence never can be and never has been the way to deal with problems.
We must not forget, however, that it is our moral right and duty to create and support civil society in Belarus.
In negotiations with Lukashenko, however, there should be no concessions on human rights.
The reason he had been absent, however, was that he had been arrested.
Let me, however, reiterate that the scope of these meetings remains limited as long as the current political conditions prevail in Belarus.
It is more than that, however; it is the use of rape as a genuine weapon of war, and this goes on amid a certain amount of indifference in public opinion and the international community, and more specifically European public opinion.
In essence, however, that is merely tinkering with the symptoms.
To date, however, the MONUC presence has proved totally insufficient to bring an end to these barbaric acts.
It may, however, prove impossible to resolve this conflict without support from the international community and neighbouring countries.
North Kivu is not in the spotlight, however, and no one in the international community is taking notice of what is happening there.
It would also be possible, however, to regard the Afghan and Iranian cases as a single issue of 'individuals facing the threat of death'.
They have, however, asked me to make a statement too, and I have gladly acceded to their request.
As the budgetary authority, however, we must ensure that our financial commitment does not miss its target.
I must stress, however, that we cannot stay silent when things we construct with resources provided by the European Union are then senselessly destroyed within a short time.
I would like to underline, however, that weak interpretation leads to misunderstanding both among us, the MEPs, and between us and the citizens.
We need have no second thoughts, however, about you, Madam President, being able to express the disapproval of this House.
We should not allow ourselves, however, to be divided and bullied into going beyond what has recently been agreed and accepting what should be out of the question - for example, providing others with access to Schengen migration data and asylum data.
Transatlantic relations are indisputably very important, but none of the EU Member States - however loyal - is ever going to become the 51st state of the US union.
A first aspect has to be clarified, however, if we are to have a fair picture: it is not true that we have achieved no results!
As a result, however, of that agreement which some criticised and others supported, we can now tell our American friends very clearly that it is not possible to go beyond the European PNR agreement.
Why, however, are we discussing this issue in this House today?
In this day and age, however, Big Brother will not appear, Mr President, because some dictatorship puts him there. Big Brother will do so because our whole lives are now recorded in the form of electronic traces on the Internet.
If all of us together cannot find some basic principles to protect us, we shall wake up tomorrow to a very different and, I believe, far nastier world, however user-friendly, enjoyable and magical everything may seem to us today.
If I am to grasp how the Internet and data capture work, however, I must first understand the underlying technology.
The resulting document, however, is not very clear.
I consider, however, in line with what has already been proposed in the Transport Committee, that there should be a free vote on the amendments in question.
If we do not want to restrict mobility, however, then we ourselves must change.
What are needed, however, are hard and fast requirements and effective measures, including sanctions, otherwise everything will carry on in a way that proves the truth of the saying, 'The road to hell is paved with good intentions'.
For the new Member States, however, the main challenge is not just promoting electric-powered urban public transport; constructing bypass roads perhaps presents even more of a challenge.
For hauliers in the new Member States, however, the provisions of the Eurovignette already present a major challenge due to the increasingly stringent standards for vehicle emissions, etc. In the new Member States internalisation must therefore be implemented more slowly and according to special principles.
(ES) Madam President, Mr Albertini's report sets out the enormous challenge we face in sustaining the low-cost mobility for all through access to new means of transport and new routes, mobility which has been made possible by the free movement of persons, goods and services, the foundation of the success of European integration, enlargement and social, economic and territorial cohesion; at the same time, however, it must be achieved without the high environmental impact caused mainly by emissions, to say nothing of noise, congestion and safety.
We need to think, however, about what sort of cars we travel in.
I should, however, like to mention in passing that we need infrastructures if we are to bring about the modal shifts that are required.
The project's administration, however, is in a mess.
We are not yet satisfied, however, with the arrangements for future interaction between the Commission, the European Space Agency and the Galileo Supervisory Authority.
The social element, however, is central for us as Social Democrats.
The Commission, however, has unfortunately chosen the second path instead, namely to remain as general as possible in order to cover up opposition.
Let us not do this, however, without looking closely at the programmes currently running.
None of these questions, however key, is addressed.
In some areas, however, I do not think we can wait; we must make a start on changing priorities right now, in the budget for 2009.
I find it regrettable, however, that little attention is paid to development cooperation and poverty reduction.
Parliament and the Council have been guaranteed greater powers without, however, endangering the EIT's autonomy.
Whatever decision is made, however, it should be made quickly so that the EIT can start work soon.
I should also like, however, to offer very particular congratulations here to the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso.
What we do not have, however, is the conversion of the excellent results from research into marketable products and services.
I should, however, like to focus on a point that has still not been satisfactorily resolved, and that is the rules on the carrying of liquids.
It is, however, a shame that Amendment 7 was rejected.
Praise is, however, due to Parliament, and especially to Parliament's representatives on the Conciliation Committee, who tenaciously defended these principles.
It has been clarified, however, that costs should apply directly to the provision of security and only the actual costs should be covered.
What cannot be paid for, however, are the thousands of hours of unpaid work carried out by the relief units.
The three remaining items, however, which have been dumped in the common bag of the amending budget, are of a different nature.
Greater coordination is, however, necessary for us to draw all the added value from our efforts.
A linear increase in quotas alone will not, however, create the soft landing you promise.
Commissioner, however much I may respect you, I think the Commission's proposals are wrong.
If the European Parliament therefore wants to send out a signal to the Commission and the Council of Ministers, it should also be aware, however, that the farmers and their representatives are still divided.
I should like to point out the following, however. Anyone who continually cites the price of food as justification for an increase in quotas or overproduction completely overlooks the fact that dairy farmers do not receive even 30% of the sale price in the shops.
The debates in our committee have also revealed, however, that this is not sensible in all sectors, at least not before 2013.
We have put forward proposals, however, for how the general policy targets and the economic requirements can be aligned with each other.
It is particularly important, however, that we ensure that public funds are distributed in such a way that the measures we consider necessary can be financed.
I do not suppose, however, that it will find many adherents.
An exhaustive check of the CAP, which does not involve any fundamental reform of the existing policy, however, is another important step towards securing a modern, multifunctional and competitive common European agricultural policy.
We must, however, devise a system that prevents circumvention of the ceiling limit; in other words, we will have to resolve this issue in the future.
It is clear, however, that the current system of quotas is not having the desired result, which is achieving a balance between production and consumption.
It should be remembered, however, that the changes being made must not undermine, firstly, the community nature of this policy - we are against its nationalisation - and secondly, the European agricultural model.
Others, however, do more to protect the interests of the old Member States.
Considering the enormous scope of these reviews, it is, however, still too early to indicate today what the outcome of this work will be.
What the finance ministers already have to answer for, however - and here I appeal specifically to the Council - is the fact that Europe is not present at the international discussion on how to deal with this problem.
This is not, however, in Member States that are not suffering the consequences of the financial turbulence.
I will, however, remind the Member and the House that there are roadmaps adopted by the Ecofin Council in October that establish how to react to this financial turbulence.
While downloading is in progress, however, users have to watch the advertising on the site.
You also pointed out the tasks ahead, however. Among others, you mentioned that it will be vital to find ways to monitor the implementation and impact of new agreements.
You cannot deny, however, that most ACP countries have a very inadequate negotiating capacity and are sometimes left with no choice, presented with a fait accompli.
Public policies, however, should be such that this so-called modernisation does not take place at the expense of women in rural areas.
I am definitely not of the opinion, however, that genetic engineering is required to do this.
There is, however, no doubting the achievements in environmental protection and this is the most important thing.
There are many other potential uses for biogas, however, and we should therefore concentrate efforts on research and development and innovation in order to expand the range of efficient ways of using this resource.
The level of biogas production in EU states, however, varies very widely.
It is, however, also essential to pay close attention to safety measures.
We must, however, apply new second-generation technologies to produce biogas.
To be fit for purpose, however, statistics need to be a neutral tool, no more.
There is a further reason, however, and for me this one is actually more important: we are leaving Member States a choice where primary energies are concerned (the energy mix), while at the same time we are limiting CO2 emissions and creating a common energy market.
We are, however, open to examining how best to use the existing statistics on production and marketing to benefit the objectives of the Thematic Strategy.
The access to our markets by foodstuffs from across the world, however, also makes it clear that obligations have to be appropriate in order to be effective.
These chemicals, however, have a harmful effect on human health and the environment.
To do this, however, we need reliable statistical data that are comparable and harmonised at European Union level.
We should not forget, however, the general aim of the Lisbon Agenda, namely employment and ultimately growth in these sectors, nor tighten the requirements with bureaucratic obligations such as the collection of statistics, which can in fact also be obtained very easily in many sectors.
Despite all this, the economic foundations of the European Union are still solid; however, under these conditions, we cannot stop and relax, but must continue with our reforms.
We must, however, set an example and our partners must do the same.
Those employees, however, make up the vast majority of EU citizens.
In August, however, the subprime crisis erupted and continues to create havoc.
The Commission, however, has no wish to adjust the decisions taken at the 2007 summit to the real problems now emerging.
It is a misconception, however, that every steel plant outside Europe has poorer environmental and energy standards than steel plants located in Europe today.
It is, however, at the discretion of the Member States to support this policy by ensuring wage increases are controlled.
This is on condition, however, that the Small Business Act pays more than just lip service to SMEs.
That is why we have called for a revision of the guidelines since they can be used to pilot the project. We specifically ask you, however, for it is the substance that is important here, to relaunch the European social agenda.
According to the documents accessible to me, however, the subject goes unmentioned.
History has taught us, however, what becomes of societies where there are no differences in distribution.
Within this framework, however, I should also like to stress that the recognition of the free movement of knowledge - the 'fifth freedom' - is essential; this too should be emphasised at the European Council.
What we do, however, must be done better.
That is what we need, however, in order to boost employment.
It is not, however, a criticism of the Commission to say that we would like it to alter its guidelines.
It is important to bear in mind, however, that farmers are engaged in a very specific activity, namely production out in the open that is dependent on climatic conditions.
We are, however, unhappy that Parliament supports a voluntary, as opposed to compulsory, 2% increase in milk quotas.
It is, however, preferable to increase quotas even if only by 2% than to make no changes at all.
In the long term, however, it is the threat posed by a bad deal at the WTO which looms large over EU agriculture. Such a deal must be resisted.
This compromise does not fully satisfy me, however, particularly because the proposed modulation of over EUR 10 000, even if it is apparently only 1%, cannot reasonably be expected of farmers in my country.
The accumulation of texts, however, is rather pointless since the observations are always the same: an increase in the 'masculinisation' of the rural population and no improvement in the status of spouses assisting with agricultural operations.
An increase in support for biogas installations is to be rejected, however, in order to exclude the possibility that high-value foodstuffs will be wasted on fuel and energy production.
Parliamentary government generally entails parliamentary control of the military; however, the European Union's common foreign security and defence policy is still incomplete and does not provide for proper linkage between national and European responsibilities.
The institutions, however, are not an end in themselves.
For that, however, we need a common European position.
At the same time, however, we believe that the European Union must call upon Turkey to put an immediate end to its invasion of northern Iraq.
The proposed EU policy on Iraq, however, raises some serious questions.
There is harsh internal and external criticism of the Kurdish Government concerning respect for human rights, however, and the position of the Assyrian Christian minority in Kurdistan in particular is worrying.
The European Socialists wish to make it clear, however, that the solution to lasting peace in Chad will not be a purely military solution, but also political.
We occasionally get the impression, however, as does the civil society I mentioned, that the EU continues to place blind trust in President Déby's supposed ability to solve the crisis.
It becomes clearer every day, however, that President Déby alone will never be in a position to bring the peace we expect to Chad.
The EU must fight much more strongly, however, for the release of the opposition leaders and human rights activists who have disappeared.
At this time, however, we must also deal with the immediate situation, and with this aim in mind the EU is sending 3 700 military personnel to protect the refugees.
Many aid workers, however, have had to withdraw from the region because it is not safe.
Implementation of these programmes, however, requires lasting stabilisation of the sub-region.
At European Union level, however, unemployment is still high, at over 17%.
Similarly, while also agreeing with the Commission's argument that the purchasing power of older people is increasing, we must, however, acknowledge that significant differences remain in income levels between Member States.
The most difficult task, however, will be to overcome the digital divide in information content.
Not far from these, however, one can see poverty-ridden old people's homes, the inhabitants of which struggle to survive.
It is important, however, to provide equal access to Information and Communication Technologies for all old people in the European Union.
In developing the detailed operating principles for this programme, we should bear in mind, however, that the assets and living conditions of older persons vary across the Member States.
The Commission, however, recognises that this is a political issue which will have to be discussed further in Council.
At the same time, however, the Commission's proposal contains solutions that may have negative implications for the economies of the Member States.
We cannot, however, expect the United States to wish its currency to be weak forever.
We will, however, endeavour to take the amendments suggested by Parliament into consideration as much as possible during deliberations in the Council.
What we want, however, is a good geographical spread of investment and so we need the Commission's political commitment that funds will be provided for investment in countries in Africa, the Caribbean and South America as well.
The question arises, however, of how expensive it will be to manage this investment and monitor the ability of small companies to pay the money back.
I do, however, have the following question for the Commissioner.
It must be stressed, however, that social inclusion is mainly a matter for the Member States.
I will not deny, however, that I was extremely encouraged and interested in this debate.
The primary issue, however, should be that we stand up for human rights, especially the rights of women, regardless of whether or not they are in prison.
I shall return, however, to a subject not mentioned, namely that the Commission's annual report on human rights should also include the condition of women in EU prisons.
It is also clear, however, that the Treaty is one thing and public awareness of a major area of policy in the various countries is another.
Basically, however, I believe this report above all represents a missed opportunity.
Such help, however, should consist in providing a fishing rod and angling skills rather than putting fish on the plate.
I would remind you however - indeed, you yourselves have already made the point in a general way - that there are many alternative methods of getting involved and using transfers of expertise, which cost very little.
Implementing strict conditionality is difficult, however, if we genuinely want to help the people on the ground and that is, after all, the main aim.
I am deeply convinced, however, on the basis of my experience to date, that budget support - where it is possible - is obviously a much more efficient way to proceed.
The right to life means, however, that there can be no hesitation in implementing development policies able ...
I deplore, however, that many DCI country strategy papers merely refer to gender as a cross-cutting issue, failing to specify concrete activities, targets or financial allocations.
Gender issues, however, are still considered of secondary importance.
It is however important that we discuss this kind of matter; it is even more important that contextualised proposals and tangible results should exist.
I would, however, emphasise that we insist on gender questions being taken into consideration throughout the entire course of projects.
Many of them, however, are still capable of various kinds of work and can remain active on the labour market.
I believe, however, that we must also make up for the mistakes we committed there.
The most relevant issue, however, is that these countries, which are still struggling valiantly with the costs of their reforms, are now capable of contributing to cooperation and development with the active consent of their populations.
In effect, however, what we see is the legislative body held hostage by a handful of expert negotiators.
I am very pleased, however, that Parliament took the view that no country should be forcibly returning people to Iraq.
Experience in recent years, however, also shows that it will only be achieved with greater commitment, by increasing security, by investing in training the Iraqi authorities and, very importantly, contributing actively to the creation of infrastructure that will make the country's economy viable, besides oil.
As we stated previously, however, arms trade regulation will be much more significant if it is accompanied by a process of multilateral and reciprocal disarmament, beginning in particular by dismantling the huge nuclear arsenals.
Work on these questions and development cooperation, however, should in principle be pursued at global level through the UN, not the EU.
The present crisis, however, may perhaps be due to the weariness of Armenian society with the governments of the so-called Karabakh Clan, to which both the former and the present president belong.
We must, however, be quite clear about one thing.
These technologies, however, have been imported from the West.
We must however bear in mind that Russia does not have democratic traditions.
I want to assure you, however, that we shall continue to follow this case very closely and that we shall be ready to take further steps in the event of the death sentence being confirmed on appeal.
The indicators within the Union are, however, somewhat encouraging: more jobs, a growth rate of 2.9% in 2007 and falling budget deficits.
By the same token, however, we will only achieve our targets if we allow industry to play its part.
These are often described as 'problems for European industry'; however, I would like to remind you that the modern, energy-efficient, knowledgeable industry is the industry that survives.
As long as we think that the problems will blow over of their own accord, however, as long as we say nothing, then I fear that a large number of unpleasant surprises await us.
I would, however, now like to pose the question as to what this Council has actually achieved for the average citizen of the European Union.
The fight against climate change, however, will be much cheaper than anticipated.
The question arises, however, as to how the poorer Member States are to cope with this challenge, and what help the Union will offer.
The imperative for the EU, however, is to attain its environmental goals without committing economic suicide.
In the interests of competitiveness in the European economy, however, we must do our utmost to prevent any relocation of CO2-intensive sectors to countries outside the EU.
A better description of the spirit of the times, however, would be the world 'flexinsecurity'.
Yet again, however, IOC President Jacques Rogge has omitted to voice any criticism of this situation.
I would also ask you, however, whether we can carry the flame through the whole of Europe with a clear conscience?
This should, however, not make us forget the strategic importance of Lebanon for the region and as a partner of Europe.
We should note, however, that it is Syria that currently holds the Presidency of the Arab League.
Within this framework, however, I would not leave out an analysis of the truly unique socio-economic situation in that, despite the crisis that followed the war, Lebanon saw its GDP grow by 4% in 2007.
The Ohrid Framework Agreement that followed, and in particular the agreement on qualified parliamentary majorities and administrative decentralisation, has made an important contribution to improving mutual relations - which are not yet free of conflict, however - resulting in a temporary parliamentary boycott and a short-lived governmental crisis.
I repeat, Croatia has achieved considerable progress; however, the fact is that a lot of work remains to be done.
At the same time, however, there are undeniably serious problems that also need to be resolved.
Despite all the tangible efforts, however, we must not forget certain problem areas that still require comprehensive reforms before Croatia is able to join the EU.
A great deal still has to be done in the environmental protection sector, however, in order to ensure ecologically sustainable development in line with EU targets.
In my view, however, the efforts made by this state should be given their due, and the whole of the EU should support such action.
Alongside the positive points, however, the report does not shrink from mentioning the challenges that face us: reforming the judicial system, combating organised crime and corruption, bringing refugee returns to a conclusion, and resolving or alleviating bilateral tensions.
For Greece, however, the name issue is not simply a historical, psychological or emotional problem.
Slovenia has always supported Croatia's joining the European Union; however, we cannot agree with their actions concerning unresolved issues with borders, whilst they are selling land which belongs to Slovenia.
As Mrs Pack and many others have said, however, both countries - Greece and Macedonia - have to make a move: and this within the next few days.
Immense and continuing engagement is, however, needed to overcome the problems that exist in individual sectors if reforms are to be pushed through.
The local authorities, however, seem to be standing their ground.
The Germans know, however, that Russia's fears are entirely groundless, as NATO is a defensive pact and has done much to maintain peace in Europe and many regions of the world.
Their closure has, however, presented the local authorities with a need to manage the remaining infrastructure.
In the area of environmental protection, however, the kind of social awareness has not yet developed that would make us realise that certain chemicals must be taken out of our system, that excessive urban traffic is bad for city dwellers' health, or that reducing the amount of toxicants and pollution we are exposed to involves changing our whole lives.
On one aspect, however, I believe we need to be clearer and more decisive: greater resources must be invested in research, in fact and not just in words, and researchers must be guaranteed better conditions.
The targets in the Environment Programme are, however, being achieved in one area, and that is climate policy.
I do think, however, although it may appear to be a contradiction, that the Commission can be congratulated on the results that it has had in recent years, but not on the document.
The preparation of the proposals, however, and even their adoption and approval, account for only half of the work required.
As has been pointed out tonight, without effective implementation of environmental policy, we will certainly not reach the environmental targets set in the Sixth Environment Action Programme, however well the legislation may have been prepared by the European institutions.
It is just as important, however, that environmental issues be incorporated into agricultural, regional and transport policy: if the essential funding is provided, Community policies will have a significant effect on the regions of Europe.
It is 'all hands on deck', as it were; the input of this fund, however small, contributes to the technological revolution necessary to keep the steel sector competitive and to make coal a clean fuel, a clean raw material: 'clean coal'.
In order to implement the synergy between coal and nuclear energy, however, we need high-temperature reactors (HTRs).
In this context, I recall the study The Economy of Culture in Europe made in 2006 by a private consultant, KEA European Affairs, that presents some impressive numbers for the cultural sector; however, these numbers are debatable since MP3 players, mobile phones and publicity are also considered by this study as 'culture'.
It is important to remember the roots of our culture, and especially the role of the Greek and Latin classics; however, we should also look at those areas of culture that cross borders without hindrance and without the need for translation.
This, however, is a term that can be interpreted in many ways.
It is also vulnerable, however, if it becomes a mere commodity or makes concessions to popular tastes in order to be 'accessible to all'.
It should not be exploited, taken advantage of or starved out, however, and we should also therefore be thinking of an appropriate budget.
In general terms, the compromise text, however, covers the Committee's concerns, except for the extension of the eligibility criteria regarding infringements in the past 12 months, which is Amendment 8.
The report, however, also accurately identifies the possible negative effects.
In the most important area, however - in other words, in the area associated with the increase in the powers of the European Parliament following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon - we have got as far as a working group, which will establish the extra costs that may be associated with this.
By focusing on the main spheres of activity, however, and carefully analysing the budget requests, as well as evaluating the possibilities for re-allocating officials internally before creating new permanent posts, it is possible to keep the level of expenditure in the European Parliament's budget within the 20% limit.
Contrary to what people would have us believe, however, mankind cannot make a significant impact on climate change.
What I am sure about, however, is that there is one argument which must carry weight even with those of you who take that view.
Unlike industry, transport and space heating, however, these are natural emissions.
It is very wrong, however, for politicians to give priority to achieving specific economic aims and favourable trade agreements over the protection of fundamental values.
This need not, however, mean being sidelined economically.
The EU's creative potential must be supported and boosted so as to facilitate innovation in our internal market, without, however, running the risk in the near future of facing charges related to intellectual property rights which could be claimed by non-European countries.
It should, however, be remembered that extraction of this raw material requires ongoing exploratory surveys.
We want to stress, however, that this dialogue should take the form of discussions and exchanges of view in the committees, or it should take place in specially arranged meetings.
I am not in favour of a complete boycott of the Beijing Olympics because, in my view, dialogue is always preferable to closure. I believe, however, that these Games are an opportunity to encourage the Chinese authorities to make progress on the road to democracy, and I hope, as stated in the resolution, that the EU heads of state or government will adopt a consistent common position in relation to this event.
Together with allies, however, the EU can make efforts to improve the life of the minorities in China on a progressive basis and gradually bring about a change in attitude in the government and the majority population.
The fundamental question, however, is: what value added is there in having the EU regulate all these things?
On the other hand, however, the political intention to assert a European identity contains positive elements.
It is even more important, however, to ensure that our Christian-occidental roots are not gradually and irrevocably lost.
Even more serious in this precise instance, however, is the language used in much of the report.
First, however, we should wait for the report from the parliamentary delegation.
Instead of having the agreement terminated, however, the concession holder receives additional loans amounting to millions of euro.
Our current budgetary procedure is, however, somewhat different already.
It has, however, proposed three main initiatives with a limited impact on the allocation of financial resources in 2009.
I am not in full agreement, however, with Mrs Haug that we are negotiating in time.
At the same time, however, we are preparing for a post-Lisbon time, and this is especially true of foreign policy, for example, and we need to prepare ourselves for a time when Parliament too shows that it has the will to contribute to this new approach to foreign policy.
The Commission has noted this call for greater European involvement on these issues; however, it must be emphasised that it is up to each Member State to find its own way of dealing with the remembrance of these crimes and of addressing these issues.
All contributions to the hearing must now be analysed; however, I should like to reiterate the Commission's determination to continue the process set in motion by the Council Declaration of April 2007.
There are, however, also points at which we must quite clearly say 'no' and we Social Democrats have identified a few of them.
The communist movement has survived for 160 years and has different faces in different countries; however, all communist regimes were antidemocratic.
The German Presidency proposed incorporating part of this agreement in the Community acquis by means of a framework decision, that is to say under the third pillar, on the lines of what was done with the Schengen Agreement, leaving aside, however, the matter of illegal immigration which, according to the Tampere mandate, should come under the third pillar.
I admit, however, that this is not his fault.
We must point out, however, that there is no consensus today between the Member States on these tests.
We also know, however, that the only way to increase supply is to secure the principle of non-commercialisation.
Achieving that depends, however, on transplant laws that provide in principle for the removal of organs after death, unless the person concerned has left instructions to the contrary.
It is important, however, that citizens in our various countries understand that, with different rules in different Member States, if they do not make provision for donating their organs, some countries will permit transplantation while others do not.
Equally, however, we need cooperation between Member States and an exchange of good practice.
At the same time, however, the Ombudsman must be informed of the type of such information, especially in cases where it is confidential.
It would be like comparing a scratch to terminal cancer; however, an incident such as this is never a minor matter.
The Member States and the Commission have actively supported this approach; we will, however, remain extremely vigilant in this area.
It has recently strengthened its pollution response vessel network; however, nothing can take the place of this Third Maritime Package with regard to which I can only hope that, with, I realise, the full backing of Parliament, the Member States are prepared to face up to their responsibilities.
It is true, however, that, if we want to apply the best banking practices to the EIB, it would undoubtedly be desirable for a specialist body to check that these practices are correctly applied to the EIB.
Debt used skilfully for investment is, however, a key part of economic and social performance in Europe, which is competing with all the other economic regions of the world.
In 2006, however, the reference year, 99% of papers were submitted in the right way, so I think that this issue is also moving in the right direction.
Parliament has, however, done its duty and reduced the cost of the three locations from EUR 203 million in 2002 to EUR 155 million.
As I said in the Committee on Transport and Tourism, however, I recommend greater compliance with the principles and rules in subsequent years.
I therefore recommend greater transparency and accuracy in future; however, in the light of the Court of Auditors' observations I propose that Parliament grant the discharge to the executive directors of the agencies.
We cannot avoid pointing out, however, that there are still some major deficiencies.
I am also aware, however, that an amendment of the Interinstitutional Agreement and the Financial Regulation is required in order to implement the national declarations.
There is a vast difference, however, between saying that there is a problem and not giving exemption to Parliament for an entire year, and also between making very populist remarks, such as that we are all responsible and that claiming that there is no transparency.
It remains to be seen, however, whether the actions will have the desired effect.
I do not want to repeat what has already been said, simply to make a brief additional comment: We were recently in Kosovo, where there are many areas of land where we as the European Union are, however, not doing anything to enable the simple people there to develop appropriate agriculture.
As the old saying goes, however: charity begins at home.
The price of wheat has not changed, however, as a result of biofuels: 1% cannot cause these sorts of changes.
I do think, however, that we must introduce measures to increase food production.
We should also, however, be looking at our legislation to see whether it is at all appropriate for increasing production.
I would, however, strongly advise that we do not throw the baby out with the bath water, but instead determine the real reasons behind this.
We should not forget, however, to say to the United States that it must likewise phase out its food aid, because only then, when we do this together, can the instrument work.
The truth, however, is that we can only prevent the crisis from deteriorating if we get to the root of the problem.
Let us not forget, however, that little more than a year ago the price of a barrel of oil was USD 70, the profitability of agricultural production was different, and so was the profitability of biofuels, whereas today a barrel of oil costs USD 115.
This requires a radical change in how the problem is approached by European Commission officials, however, as well as the taking of immediate steps to utilise the production potential of the new Member States.
To do this, however, we should not run over the agenda.
We must also, however, take very critical account of the concerns that Mr Pflüger, for example, has expressed.
Individual measures in this sector, however, frequently do not have the desired effect nationally.
I have already pointed out, however, that the Commission believes that there are opportunities for improvement here and what we want to achieve with Liechtenstein - as with other countries - is completely clear.
As part of the Seventh Framework Research Programme, however, important aspects of an environmentally friendly transport policy are being examined.
I must say, however, that the situation is clearly more critical for older vehicles with two-stroke engines emitting hydrocarbons and particulates in larger quantities.
These emissions can be significantly reduced, however, if synthetic oil is used for lubricating the engine instead of mineral oil.
If you talk to people in the field, however, it seems that not enough people or resources are being deployed in order to protect children's rights in armed conflicts.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to repeat that in principle international adoption gives many children the opportunity to find a family and a normal life; on the other hand, however, it is a very sensitive area and it falls within the remit of the Member States.
We have all learnt, however, that even in youth unemployment, it is frequently the lack of key skills - reading, writing and arithmetic - that is the real reason why young people cannot enter the job market for the first time and in early life.
Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, however, asked a specific question about maternity and parental leave.
What is also important, however, is that there is nothing in this to say that there are no barriers to different kinds of industrial action in the different Member States.
Our awareness is growing, however, that the basic philosophy of the directive is wrong and that is: workers should be protected, but in moderation.
I can well understand the fear of social dumping; however, I feel that we must deal with this issue wisely.
The right to take industrial action will not be threatened by the judgement; however, there should be a balance regarding matters connected with conflicts.
The Court of Justice, however, challenged this right in relation to the internal market.
The legislator did not, however, intend it that way.
I do agree with you, however, that Member States bear responsibility for the transposition of EU law into national law.
This case law, however, as Mr Cercas pointed out, threatens the principle of social cohesion.
I do hope, however, that the result of such initiatives will be an improvement in the interpretation of the provisions, and not yet more complaints about non-existent social dumping.
It was, however, necessary in order to report on areas where there is exploitation, where there is social dumping, where there is insecurity.
The EU's presence in Africa is not without its problems; however, China's presence is threatening to develop in a highly unfortunate direction.
On the basis of the global balance of power, we as Europeans shall be made to look exceedingly ridiculous, however, if we try to exert pressure on China.
In the battle for access to raw materials, however, Western value-based policy draws the shorter straw increasingly frequently.
Women in society have various roles, from concerns and responsibilities for the family's basic subsistence to passing on of knowledge and life patterns to their children. Frequently, however, women have no privileges, no possibility of becoming independent and making their own decisions, and do not have equal access to services.
It is also true, however, at least at present, judging by the results of previous summits, that there are many unknown factors within this process.
There are some points, however, on which we do not yet agree.
That said, however, we still have our clear differences.
I could not agree more; however, I would add that this is actually happening.
These countries must, however, keep in mind the position worked out together and based on the principle of reciprocity, and also the requirement to keep the Commission informed of the progress of negotiations.
I believe, however, that the negotiations concerning lifting the requirement for US visas provide a clear indication of the European Union's limitations.
At the same time, however, we all know that the United States has so far preferred to speak to individual countries, and in fact the Commission has not yet managed on its own.
Commissioner, according to the letter and spirit of Europe's Common Visa Policy, however, the current visa or non-visa status does not merely have to be given to everyone; all citizens have a right to it under the same terms.
To date, however, we have allowed ourselves to be easily divided on this issue.
I do hope, however, that the Community approach to this matter and recourse to other instruments derived from the relationship between the European Union and the United States will result in some method of resolving the problem.
I believe however that Mr Rack has called for the floor on a point of order.
In this context, however, the proposals are part of creating a common European asylum system.
In my view this is clearly, however, the only way to influence this regime; we must of course monitor very carefully where our development aid goes.
Mafia organisations, however, are investigating new routes in order to foil security operations.
Above all, however, we need to turn our attention to the Mediterranean states.
As well as what we have all been discussing, however, there is also one more subject for debate: the issue of human rights, which is an important subject.
There is, however, a problem here: the lack of financial resources is a major stumbling block in achieving the Convention's goals.
That we have managed to make climate change an EU priority is a positive step, but we must realise, however, that the Conventions on biodiversity and desertification are somewhat eclipsed by this climate change.
The Commission, however, is against this, and you have your reasons.
In our view, however, the two are not mutually exclusive.
Unfortunately, however, it is then impossible to compete with products processed within those economies.
The term unrestricted does not, however, mean unregulated and lacking any principles determining conditions for trade exchange whilst providing for competitiveness.
There are, however, some outstanding issues which are important to guarantee real preferential access for the EU to the GCC market and no discrimination compared to others.
It is also true, however, that the mandate for negotiating this agreement is rather old.
These countries, however, do not just have oil.
We must be careful, however, not to send out the wrong kind of message to our allies: human rights must be defended whether or not there is any oil in the picture.
I believe, however, that we should nevertheless remember European producers.
At the same time, however, measures should be taken to protect Community production and consumers.
There are, however, other areas where Member States can take effective action themselves and where they can cooperate and benefit from experiences gained in other Member States.
Firstly, consumption will always be relatively high; however, the worst aspect of the model is that it does not provide any incentive to make savings.
It is a good thing that concern for social distortion is so great; however, in this case it is a question of saving our living space for our descendents.
I would, however, make the point that no policy instrument is effective simply because it carries the label 'market-based'.
We might add, however, that the survey should have gone a lot further.
We must take care, however, that the interpretation of convergence does not slip from Europe's grasp, to be replaced by the SEC's interpretation.
I must, however, sound a clear and unambiguous warning.
It is now clear, however, so that will not happen.
We should not, however, forget that the European Commission plays a central role through monitoring, reporting and also supporting Member States in their efforts to achieve this objective.
I am optimistic, however, that this fact will not get in the way of implementing key objectives for the year.
This cannot, however, happen at the expense of the cohesion policy, which is enormously important at the moment because of differences in development between various countries and regions.
We consider, however, that this is best done through Parliament's ongoing work to reduce the climate impact of cars and to regulate the use of pesticides.
Most of it was positive, however, and I therefore did not need to think for long before voting in favour, although not everything was good.
I would like, however, to point out that the requirements governing small and medium sized enterprises differ from the requirements of investors in capital markets.
I believe, however, that the European Union should carry out a thorough investigation of what benefits SMEs might gain from adopting the IFRS.
We must, however, find ways of supporting them that are not liable to be interpreted as neo-colonialism.
Most Muslim countries, however, have ratified the Convention.
author. - Mr President, however much one tries to be understanding about the different society, lifestyle and circumstances prevailing in a deeply Muslim state like Iran, one cannot help but feel shocked and angry at the grossly undemocratic and brutal treatment of women in that country.
I must however remind you about an unfortunate occurrence during the last ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly in Ljubljana, which took place one month ago.
Unfortunately, however, it is not mentioned in the Commission's decision today.
Since then, however, citizens have developed a more positive opinion of the euro.
Travel money, however, is not the true essence of Economic and Monetary Union: it is the common monetary policy.
At the same time, however, we are also involved with common challenges in our relationships with other countries.
It is in the interests of our economies, however, that the solutions promoted by us should be respected by third countries.
If they are to return to the negotiating table, however, there must also be an offer from employers on which to base the negotiations.
I think, however, that the gulf between European rhetoric and the practical realities of peoples' daily lives has been instrumental in undermining trust between management and workers.
I will, however, touch upon some of the most important issues.
Certain attempts by some members of the Human Rights Council to dilute this mechanism are, however, a cause for concern.
At the same time, however, we consider it a major problem that there is no separate report, or even a separate paragraph, on national minorities, since we - and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner over there - will be overseeing Kosovo, and we will be determining what happens as regards minority rights.
Who knows, however, whether a rule-of-law government and a genuinely independent judiciary might not be more important than elections in many countries these days.
With regard to the report, there are, however, some aspects that we would like to take up again, and we would ask that we all make a final effort for them to be acknowledged.
It is, however, also embarrassing that the EU is turning its face away from the suffering of the Dalits - and so is Parliament!
I am, however, very curious, Commissioner, about whether the principle of gender mainstreaming will come into play in the European Union's internal structures.
In reality, in this debate neither the Council nor the Commission have a fixed time, however strange that may seem.
At the same time, however, certain essential requirements and values in the negotiations for a free trade agreement must be taken into account.
In my view, the Commission should eliminate any differences in treatment for the various species that are not fully justified as a matter of urgency, and I would also like to point out that progress has been made in these fisheries and that the Community fleet is already implementing many measures that are not, however, implemented by other non-European fleets fishing in the same areas.
I have, however, taken note of the remarks made in this regard.
The Member States of the European Union must, however, jointly agree on the substance of the definitions and the importance of agreements.
The current system of registering lobbyists in the European Parliament is more, however, and above all, a matter of security rather than one of openness.
It is also clear, however, that transparency is essential to ensure the fair representation of interests, and is crucial for the European Union's credibility.
On the other hand, however, large international corporations can resort to specialist lobbying companies to influence the institutions' work, aiming to promote the corporations' own interests first and foremost.
The effectiveness of civilised and therefore transparent lobbying largely depends, however, on the lobbyists' behaviour.
Parliament's report also recognises the importance of fairly redistributing income among sports associations, however small, and between professional and amateur sport.
I think, however, that it must have taken a great deal of time to achieve this proposal.
This stands in stark contrast, however, to the fact that some countries, unfortunately including my own country Hungary, spend only a tiny fraction of their national budget - something like a half of one per cent - on promoting sports and healthy lifestyles.
In this case, however, the amount spent on sport - barely half of one per cent in some countries - is out of all proportion to the significance of sport as a social phenomenon.
Whatever we do and however much we try to put these matters in order, the events themselves show that the situation is pretty dire.
For this we need facilities, however, and we also need to change the curriculum.
The most effective mechanism for combating the racism and exclusion occurring in the sporting arena, however, is the game itself, as it fosters in individuals a sense of team spirit, cooperation and fair competition, as well as reinforcing cooperation and solidarity as social values.
According to statistics, however, certain groups in society, notably the most disadvantaged ethnic minorities, engage much less in sports activities and have less access to government-run sports facilities.
It is doubtful, however, whether this will result in better application of this scrutiny in the future, if only because of the Commission's secret desire to prevent Parliament from holding consultations on the measures it plans to implement.
I am concerned, however, that both sides should not wait for remedies which may or may not close differences between us.
Unfortunately, however, it is not much more than this.
Human rights policy cannot be based on political exigencies, however, if it is to retain any credibility.
I would, however, like to make a number of comments.
It is, however, essential to be able to identify the organisations represented by the pressure groups.
in writing. - We accept the specificity of sport; however, the English version of recital I is extremely unclear and open to misinterpretation.
in writing. - On behalf of the EPLP. We accept the specificity of sport, however, the English version of Recital I is extremely unclear and open to misinterpretation.
We have no wish to imply, however, that the situation is confined to Italy or that the protection of minorities and the social integration of the Roma are specifically Italian issues.
We must try however we can to encourage this national dialogue, which needs to be conducted with due regard to the general interests of the citizens of Lebanon and their desire for prosperity, security and national independence.
Cooperation can only be based on reciprocity, however, and for this reason we strongly urge the Commission President, Mr Barroso, to act on the basis of the mandate he has been given and initiate a dialogue with the Catholic Church to protect secular Europe and European values.
It took several years, however, to establish where responsibility lay for such measures - with the Member States on the basis of framework decisions or with the Community on the basis of a directive.
Now that you have done so yourself, however, I gladly confirm that it had indeed come to my attention.
Even without approximating the level of penalties, however, the directive will contribute significantly to more efficient protection of the environment - not least through its deterrent effect.
It is, however, regrettable that there are no sanctions and that there is no blanket treatment of offences as criminal acts.
I would add that the Commission was not initially in favour of annexes; however, while the Commission still takes the view that this type of annex is not necessary, its inclusion, in accordance with the wish of most Member States, is acceptable.
This must not allow us to lose sight of another essential issue, however: we now have a new situation in these markets which arises in both foodstuffs and energy.
Mrs Locatelli should really have spoken now, being the rapporteur, but she had nominated Mrs Madurell as her replacement; however I do not yet see Mrs Madurell and we are very sorry that she is not here.
We should consider, however, that these technologies demand the use of metals such as platinum, paladium, gold, which are integral in the design of the new devices and equipment.
This, however, costs money, but on the other hand it will bring returns.
It can only be considered an alternative to fossil fuels, however, if we can produce it from renewable energy sources at a competitive price, without emitting carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases into the atmosphere in the process.
We ask of you, however, that the tobacco status quo should obtain until 2013.
It is a strange, however, that amongst the people who received the most advantage and support from the campaign to help give financial support, it is Sinn Féin that is against the Lisbon Treaty and against the European process.
I am disappointed, however, by what Mr Allister had to say and I cannot agree with his allegations.
The reality is, however, that some structural problems remain, and these will require our attention in the future.
I would like to focus on the draft opinion, however, which is a balanced opinion that has allowed a consensus to be achieved.
The only way of achieving these aims, however, is within the specific regulatory framework of the current Article 299(2) of the Treaty, and the spirit of that article must inform the detailed application of European public policy, particularly in the energy and transport sectors but also in relation to international trade policies, where it is vital that the interests of the ORs are taken into account in the negotiation of Economic Partnership Agreements.
We must always be aware, however, that the very specific situation of the outermost regions is permanent and will continue to require a differentiated European response which is appropriate to that very specific situation.
As rapporteur for the strategy in the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, however, I am disappointed that the main reporting committee did not take account of more than one of our 13 amendments.
The last and most important point, however, in the view of my group is the system of collective redress that we in the Socialist Group are advocating.
We look in vain, however, for an analysis of the reasons why these weak points exist, and no one in the chamber this evening has offered any explanation.
If these studies only analyse the legal position, however, and not the differences between the Member States in terms of the enforcement of their own laws, these studies will bring us no further forward at the end of the day.
The report goes further than this, however, and I applaud Mr Lehtinen when he states that consumer protection should be an integral part of the planning and design of products and services.
It is important, however, that consumers should always have the possibility of real choice, of changing the service provider or seller.
As the rapporteur points out, however, defence of the consumer must not serve as an excuse for market protectionism.
I do not believe, however, that this has been to the benefit of our consumers.
The Van Lancker report, however, clearly sets the right priorities.
We Greens, however, will continue to take a discerning look at the flexicurity sector until social protection is guaranteed.
You cannot, however, feed a family on a McJob.
This practical involvement, however, is not consciously forthcoming, for whatever reasons.
At this point, however, I must take issue to a certain extent with the opinion of the rapporteur, Mrs Van Lancker, that the quality of the newly created jobs might arouse disquiet.
There are, however, two elements in this concept that are as good as universal, and at the same time, as I see it, crucial.
I do not, however, share the view that adopting common social standards at EU level will be a panacea for our problems.
Ladies and gentlemen, the region of Małopolska, which I represent in the European Parliament, has the lowest level of unemployment in Poland, currently standing at 8%; this does not guarantee a secure standard of living, however, as galloping food and energy prices are pushing many families to the brink of poverty.
To bridge this gap, however, the European People's Party does not believe the solution lies in adopting a comprehensive directive that would be difficult to implement and inefficient.
I am, however, a little taken aback at the language in which it is expressed, which reminds me a little of the language of totalitarianism.
I do, however, consider this report acceptable, assuming that Amendment 7 by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats is accepted.
If the other groups assert themselves, however, and the demand for a framework directive persists, I see myself being forced to vote against the report, not because I am against protecting against discrimination, but because a framework directive at European level is the wrong way, in my opinion.
We shall not, however, help anyone by adopting yet another unclear and wishy-washy framework directive.
For example, generic equality of rights in employment is regulated under Community law; we have, however, placed a lesser emphasis on compliance with its implementation.
According to Mrs Lynne's report, however, the directives are not being implemented effectively or correctly.
I should, however, like to stress the point on the ecosystem approach to maritime policy.
I would like, however, to assure you that we will give full consideration to all the points that have been mentioned during the course of this debate.
We have to recognise, however, that in order to achieve these aims, the Commission's Action Plan for Integrated Maritime Policy should be much more ambitious.
The difficulty, however, is to make one chime with another.
It is, however, difficult not to perceive certain defects in the sphere of social and territorial cohesion.
Different education systems and regulations on occupational qualifications, however, often make it difficult to accept employment in occupations in which we hold qualifications.
As the rapporteur emphasises, however, the Lisbon Agenda needs to take more account of common social objectives: the buzzword of our strategy should now be inclusion, and not just growth and employment.
The problem, however, lies in some of the consequences, above all the immediate consequences that such growth in consumption - and therefore in demand - might have.
In the meantime, however, it has been toned down to such an extent that I can no longer lend it my support.
To arrive at an effective consumer protection policy, however, the EU must invest a great deal of energy in improving market surveillance, if necessary by stepping up international cooperation, and in education and awareness-raising campaigns for the consumers themselves: until consumers have been persuaded that its products are completely safe, the European market cannot realise its full potential.
It is a pity, however, that an amendment to section 40 was adopted in the plenary sitting that favours group actions before an analysis is available, based upon the examination requested in the report.
This report, however, has gone beyond the competence of the Union and as such the Fianna Fáil delegation have rejected it.
You think, however, that this type of discrimination is normal.
As the rapporteur herself points out, however, some Member States have not yet fully implemented the Directives on equal treatment between persons irrespective of racial or ethnic origin (2000/43/EC) and on equal treatment in employment and occupation (2000/78/EC).
With regard to the issue of extending the scope of the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive, I can, however, confirm to Mrs McCarthy that this Directive does not cover the cases described by the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Irrespective of this, however, I must emphasise that companies, including small and medium-sized enterprises, are not without protection against such practices.
I must stress, however, that the Commission is responsible for transposition of the directives.
We are, however, very much counting on the Council's cooperation because the information network we want to create must be transparent, efficient as well as readily available.
We would, however, like this also to remain verifiable at regular intervals.
In our view it entails eventually harmonising the management documents on the one hand, and on the other hand getting to a point where total cabotage expenditure of 2% is properly monitored at European level; for certain countries, however, this does mean 30-40% of the work in this sector.
Now, however, a new situation has arisen, in which the unions and the hauliers have reached an agreement.
This action must be taken in an open market, however, not by creating additional obstacles in a market in which there are already hundreds.
That is not quite the case with the report on coach transport, however, where some members of the Committee on Transport and Tourism expressed a wish to include the famous 12-day rule on driving and rest times again, and the very well organised bus lobby has been providing us with an excessive amount of information for months on end, in order to achieve this.
This means that it is important, however, that a truly level playing field be created.
Remarkably, however, the Commission proposed that a strict check be put on cabotage opportunities.
The Commission proposal itself, however, is not sufficiently - if at all, to be honest - in keeping with the principles and objectives of the internal market, nor with those of the Lisbon Strategy.
We would like to ask for an even deeper commitment on the part of the political groups, however, and I believe that programmes are needed, genuine, properly implemented integration of the Roma is needed in Europe, if Roma people are not to fall victim to atrocities as a result of this sort of mass hysteria.
Even more important in my view, however, is the message that we can send to countries from here, from Europe, and the responsibility that the European Commission needs to assume in order to ensure that minimum requirements are put in place, that an agreement is reached among the Member States regarding how they plan to go about changing the situation of Roma people in Europe in the immediate term.
Before there can be solidarity, however, there must be respect for the law.
We wonder, however, why the Roma situation in Italy was not picked up by Mrs Mohácsi last year, five months ago, or even a year and a half ago.
Safety is, however, the first priority, and it is just as important to guarantee this.
Unfortunately for some, however, it is guilty of not being a left-wing government.
I will, however, make a note of your comments.
We must not, however, forget the particular significance of this solution, which requires us to maintain due care during the subsequent procedure.
This has not, however, resulted in an improvement in the ratio of women to men in the sciences.
The reality today, however, is that that myth unquestionably influences the distribution of employment and the decision-making process associated with the funding of scientific research.
I cannot, however, support mechanistic quotas based on gender as they tie us to a specific time-period and may result in quantity instead of quality.
Through commitment and opinion-forming by women's organisations among others, however, awareness of inequality in many sectors has increased and many have realised its negative consequences for society as a whole.
Contrary to what strident feminists say, in my country women are generally respected; they do not have complexes but rather an awareness of their own value and strength, in the knowledge that, in cooperating with men, they are playing an important role in all areas of life, while, however, placing the highest value on defending life, protecting marriage and the family and other supreme values.
I am, however, concerned at the proposal to ensure a gender balance in evaluation and recruitment committees.
The compromise is so worthwhile, however, that we must not allow it to miscarry because of this issue.
An increase in unprofitable dismantling in the EU with the help of aid is not, however, a sustainable option.
What we can ensure, however, is the requirement that warships, other state-owned ships and those receiving state aid should be broken up exclusively in facilities that are environmentally well run, in Europe or in OECD countries.
The debate on climate change cannot, however, be boiled down to a battle of statistics.
The fact remains, however, that what we are voting on today has nothing to do with the reality of climate policy in the European Parliament.
Since the aim of this document is not to provide solutions, however, I continue to support it.
What perturbs me about this report, however, is its threatening undertone.
To abandon our own actions now, however, would be unforgivable.
Regardless of the allocation of emissions reductions among the EU Member States, however, we will not achieve anything unless worldwide agreement is reached and countries such as the United States, China, India, Russia and others are involved in solving the problem.
Of course we should also respect the field of science, which is, however, committed to the ethical principles of research and scientific accuracy.
This increased alerting of the public should, however, be accompanied by strong financial incentives for companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions arising from the products and services they provide.
Data on deglaciation is very contradictory at present, however, because the thickness of the ice in core areas of Greenland and the Antarctic is actually increasing.
It is a move in the right direction; however, in order to actually ensure freedom of expression it will be necessary for this article also to be adequately implemented.
What ultimately counts, however, is its proper implementation to guarantee the freedom of expression for everybody in Turkey.
The point is, however, how honest is the European Union to itself about this?
It is regrettable, however, that the document makes no reference to the Armenian genocide.
The report, however, forms part of a genre that I feel is becoming increasingly unreal.
One does remain, however, and that is the disagreement on Amendment 14 concerning reproductive health.
We must have some concerns, however, which are also expressed in Mrs Oomen-Ruijten's report.
On behalf of all countries with an Orthodox tradition, I thank you for your support and ask you not to create any additional controversy. I wish to ask, however, for the support of the European Parliament out of respect for minorities, to set an example for our fellow citizens.
They are, however, admissible for the final report.
Amendment 15 may be tabled for the main report, however, so it could become part of the main report.
Let me also make it quite clear, however, that Turkey is not a European country, and I share Mrs Roithová's view that a privileged partnership, a tailor-made special status, is the right solution.
I do however reject Mr Stevenson's complaint regarding the current transport strikes.
Effective collection systems for such waste should be developed, however, together with safe technology for its recycling, so as to prevent further degradation of the natural environment.
Resources are needed, however, to provide the necessary equipment and staff training for example, so that the new principles can be properly implemented and offences against the environment reduced.
This reduction, however, cannot be implemented at the price of legal or accounting uncertainty when the internal market begins to be penetrated by SMEs.
This does not, however, require harmonising taxation, as suggested in paragraph 23 of the report by Mr Lehne, the so-called light formula for consolidating the corporate tax base.
I should like to emphasise, however, that more Polish women hold positions of responsibility than their counterparts in Western Europe.
Contrary to what is advocated in the motion for a resolution before us today, however, it is not desirable to impose percentages for female representation on academic staff, or on committees of various sorts, in order to ensure gender equality.
It is vital, however, that we do not defend such an absolute and modern view of our position on certain values that our focus on a single part obscures the bigger picture.
The extent to which it is the result of human activity, however, is completely unclear.
Assumptions and false assertions, however, cannot serve as a basis for the development of any rational, effective, affordable and socially acceptable measures.
in writing. - (DE) When we here in Europe invest in the latest environmentally friendly technology and in renewable energy, at however great an expense, while a country like China has a new coal-fired power station coming on stream every week, our best efforts here can only be a drop in the ocean.
No answer has yet emerged, however, to the question as to the extent to which this is due to human activity.
Under no circumstances, however, should the negotiations prejudge the final political decision on Turkey's accession to the EU.
It is a vast country, with a huge and cheap workforce and a plentiful supply of consumers, which, however, is not permitted to commemorate the first of May, as was recently seen in the brutal repression by Turkish security forces of trade union members and demonstrators.
I must express my dismay, however, at reading in the German newspaper Die Welt that Turkey, which likes to be portrayed as a moderate Islamic country, has enacted a law prohibiting the purchase and public serving of wine in glasses.
It is clear, though, that Médecins Sans Frontières, Oxfam, the British, French and US ships are bringing aid goods, not regime change, however much I might wish for that myself.
Today, however, the authorities in Burma are deaf.
However, despite our objections to that military junta, we must find mechanisms - however they are arrived at - to deliver aid directly to the people.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the very failure of the mission described by Commissioner Michel, who I do, however, thank for his utmost sincerity, gives us an understanding of how at this moment in time it is appropriate to focus on the doctrine of humanitarian intervention to foster not only relations with the Burmese authorities, but also with the Chinese authorities who are currently demonstrating a different kind of sensitivity in light of the serious disturbances and disasters which have also occurred in their country.
On the other hand, however, we must take advantage of every opportunity to show the Chinese people that the demands we are making of their leaders are not motivated by any feeling of enmity towards their country and its traditions.
The most tragic situation for the Chinese people, however, is in relation to political disasters.
Natural disaster and political disaster merge, however, when a school's roof falls in, crushing the only child and leaving the parents distraught.
Now is not the time, however, to speak about boycotts or about Tibet.
It was, however, devastated by the recent tragic earthquake.
Their argument was the same as that made in the context of anti-personnel mines: however useful a weapon may be in the short term, in military logic the fact of causing indiscriminate harm in the long term is sufficient to justify the suspension of its use by responsible armed forces.
In Latvia, however, for several months I was asked to take political responsibility for these events as a minister of the coalition.
A moratorium on the use of weapons of this type could be brought in immediately, however, and the issue dealt with under the new European Security Strategy.
DU munitions, however, contain highly poisonous chemical substances - in other words they are toxic - and they are radioactive too.
As it turns out, however, weapons of this type have not proved nearly as effective as was anticipated.
I must, however, remind the House that the Commission's scope for action is extremely limited.
You should know in any case that I will report to the Commission on all the fine speeches and arguments I have heard here, and I have no doubt that in due course initiatives will be taken. In any case, however, ideas will be passed on and the voluntarist spirit will form part of the process, believe me, because it is obvious we must hope that all the other European countries will be able to do what Belgium has done.
It is essential, however, to select the right specialisations; the cluster initiative must be coherent, as must the whole industrial policy of the EU, and it must be appropriate and balanced.
We must, however, recognise the challenges facing our Community.
It is, however, one of the industries experiencing difficulties at global level.
It is the latter, however, that play one of the most important roles in generating economic growth and strengthening competitiveness in Europe through their potential for innovation, dynamism and flexibility.
It did, however, indicate to us that we should improve cooperation at European level in order to improve protection of animal health.
It should be borne in mind, however, that they will result in higher production costs, thus causing European producers to become less competitive.
A key role in the monitoring and promotion of animal health is, however, played by farmers, breeders and animal owners.
That question, however, goes beyond the framework of this agency.
Now nearly 40 years on, however, I have to recognise that there have been many disappointments.
It is, however, of great importance for the European Union and the development cooperation policy of the Member States to complement and strengthen each other.
In regard to agriculture, however, if there is one sector where we have made real progress, it is that one.
That shows things have progressed, there is a greater awareness. Let me remind you, however, because this is important, that the choice of focal sectors is based in principle on ownership: it is our partners who decide on which sector they want us to focus our funding.
Let me tell you, however impertinent and shocking it may sound, that if you want even more transparency, which means even more controls, even more audits, even more consultations and so on, you will have less effectiveness.
What is most important, however, is to undertake steps aimed at improving the situation on food markets, not just by ad hoc activities, but actions that will lead to long-term stability.
The visa policy of the USA and the accompanying requirements have, however, somewhat shaken these principles.
The basic issue, however, is the quality of the justification provided as well as the proposal's procedural compliance with the Financial Regulations.
I believe that the conditions for this to happen, however, will only exist if the bilateral agreements meanwhile entered into are annulled.
It is important, however, that the issue should be raised once again: the world and our society are changing all the time, and political decisions must stand up to present-day scrutiny.
The question is, however, whether attempts to weaken Russia help the issue of world security.
Belarus, however, is the European Union's closest neighbour.
For us, the critical thing is to make it clear that this service - however it is organised - is, of course, responsible to the European Parliament through the High Representative.
In July 2007, however, the Russian State Duma unanimously passed an act suspending Russia's participation in this Treaty.
I would, however, like to draw attention to several matters linked to foreign and defence policy.
This is, however, becoming a necessity, which should be reflected in the budget for 2009.
I hope, however, that in its future annual reports Parliament will adopt a firmer position on a more coherent, stronger role for the EU in the United Nations.
I believe that the United States should make a gesture, for example by signing the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty; however, there are new opportunities regarding the conclusion of agreements on the multilateralisation of the nuclear fuel cycle.
The prerequisite for this, however, is also that the European Union speaks with one voice.
We too can make a contribution, however, by accepting the Uighur prisoners into the European Union, thereby also helping to end this scandal as quickly as possible.
We do, however, know that we sometimes have different views.
At the same time, however, in global terms our approach to several key matters affecting our entire planet differs.
There is another side to this coin, however, and that is economic and political rivalry between the European Union and the United States.
At the same time it is perfectly clear, however, that a rash abandonment of trade preferences can have disastrous consequences for the population of a developing country and even for the human rights situation there, too.
We should not be backing down, however, for the sake of our own credibility.
We are not the only ones, however, who are dissatisfied.
I think, however, that some of the amendments adopted in the Committee on International Trade go too far.
I think, however, that this study should focus on the purely trade aspects and not cover other areas that do not fall under the scope of this regulation.
I would, of course, have been happy to ask the Commission or Mr Mandelson, who is not here, however, how he would in fact be pressing the Andean countries, for example, two countries that very much want to retain GSP, to conclude free-trade agreements as part of the Partnership and Association Agreements.
It is, however, hard to perceive an equally strong motivation to resolve difficult but important political problems.
Our European side should, however, concentrate on showing that there can be no continuing development without peace, stabilisation, human rights, the rule of law and better management.
This relationship is, however, of fundamental importance and we ought to put it right by pointing out inadequacies and inefficiencies, identifying the main problems and possible approaches for solving them.
In general, however, new financial products have to be introduced objectively and correctly.
Nor is it our job, however, to be carrying on traditions.
Aquaculture products and products with marginal Community trade will, however, be excluded from its scope.
We cannot, however, get around the responsibility that falls to the port State and the Commission itself under this proposal.
The most ambitious objective, however, is preventive in nature: enabling and guaranteeing the traceability of products from catch to final destination.
I also, however, agree that it is not sufficient.
As has been said by the scientists themselves, however, it seems absurd to have one per boat, because as well as emptying our oceanography institutes, there would be no point in having one per boat, as it is much more important to consider planned and organised sampling programmes that are maintained over time, which is what is going to give us a good monitoring overview of these fisheries.
It has also been reported, however, that as happens at such major events, a large number of women, estimated at 25 000, will travel from around the world to the cities where the matches are to be played, unfortunately not merely to support their teams, but because they are being forced into prostitution.
There are still, however, many loopholes, and Parliament has to ensure that these loopholes are closed.
I find, however, that the objective of forced prostitution and the commercial sexual exploitation of women needs constantly to be at the forefront of society's and the public's focus.
We do know, however, that the estimated number of unreported cases is high.
We should not forget, however, that aside from the matches, human trafficking, forced prostitution of women and child abuse are on the increase and the crimes committed by traffickers transcend all borders.
The Barcelona Process has unfortunately suffered as a result of the ongoing conflicts in the Southern Mediterranean and, at times, from the lack of cooperation between the various partners. A positive change is taking place, however, and I saw this myself during my recent visits to the region.
For this purpose, however, it must be clear who does what.
Looking at the outcomes, however, it is clear that Mr Sarkozy's original idea, launched in February 2007, has failed on three counts.
It should be emphasised, however, that this is only part of a greater whole.
Ukraine, Georgia and Armenia are, however, bound to become Members.
The impression which we have gained, however, is that this debate has so far been conducted only between civil servants in the Member States; it would seem that their politicians have not yet addressed the issue.
In both of these countries, however, it turned out that the hygiene laws were not the cause of the problem.
I must point out, however, that Slovakia has much stricter food standards than the 15 old Member States.
While we are sitting here debating whether food hygiene is guaranteed, however, consumer confidence is being undermined by BSE and scandals involving rotten meat, adulterated olive oil, and wine containing glycerine.
The effect of these legal changes should, however, be subsequently monitored.
I do, however, support the international efforts to promote dialogue and the peace process in the Caucasus.
What I would like to add here, however, is that this resolution should, in the first place, have included a clear passage pointing out to the United States that it should not interfere with the potential expansion of the European Union.
Certain technical aspects must, however, be corrected in order to fully apply this Regulation and these two lines of support, which is why I support the Commission proposal and the Parish report.
While fundamentally agreeing with the proposal presented and with the report adopted, we would, however, reiterate that certain aspects of the proposal should be clarified.
In the great majority of cases, however, the problem has not been the legislation in itself but the implementation of the legislation by the national authorities.
They have however at times proven to be somewhat burdensome on smaller businesses.
While pursuing these goals, however, we must take care not to restrict the developing countries' economies to producing a limited range of goods, especially if these are low added-value products, since that would hamper - rather than foster - development and economic growth in those countries.
It is very much needed, however, in times of difficulty and hardship.
in writing. - British Conservatives are strong supporters of the Transatlantic Relationship; however, we do not agree on redefining this as a relationship between the EU and the US, particularly in defence matters, and we therefore reject much of paragraph 16.
Somalia is not alone, however, and we in the EU and the ACP are obliged to support, help and direct attention on these regions.
Above all else, however, this reports highlights the good work that has been done by the JPA, work that is sometimes not respected enough.
I have an enormous problem with one article in Karas' report, however, in which he refers to the differences between taxation laws in various Member States.
Irish citizens have made their decision and exercised their democratic right; however, this 'no' also calls on us to engage in some constructive self-criticism.
The protesting Tibetans, however, surely cannot be expected to accept meekly the crushing of their demonstrations in March.
In the case of waste-management policy, however, CO2 does not enter the equation at all.
When setting out the new obligations, however, we must also consider their enforceability and associated costs.
There are, however, minus points, which are truly incomprehensible and which were put into this document by the Council.
That, however, is the wrong way to go.
The Irish referendum in particular, however, shows that we have not managed to convey this success story.
In my view, however, this also means that the protection of water is a permanent task.
This is an increasingly serious issue, however, because natural disasters are linked to climate change.
The Commission, however, does not intend to withdraw its proposal, and has high hopes that the Council will be won over.
May I remind you, however, that the Council's unanimous approval is required.
I must add, however, that businesses have been left to bear the cost of conversion, and that is an unsatisfactory state of affairs.
We should remember, however, that standards by themselves are not enough if there is no effective monitoring at our borders, and, particularly, if monitoring is not carried out in the same manner at every point in our external boundary.
I do think, however, that we need to go further than the cooperation proposed in the resolution.
The fact remains, however, that more and more jobs fit the description of menial jobs, in other words unskilled, badly-paid work.
If serious efforts are to be made to combat poverty and eradicate it as a social problem, however, specific binding political strategies are essential.
These, however, are precisely the things for which the European Union makes no provision.
If we look at slightly lower territorial levels, however, we can see that inter-regional disparities are not diminishing to the same extent.
I would like to cite Hungary as an example: in Hungary, per capita GDP in the central region has reached 110% of the European Union average; in four out of Hungary's seven regions, however, per capita GDP is less than 45% of the EU average.
In many instances, however, as the Fourth Report on Cohesion also states, territorial disparities within regions are continuing to increase.
Much more is needed, however, both in quantitative and in qualitative terms.
Where I cannot agree with you, however, is the statement in the report linking immigration and fisheries agreements.
There are, however, clear indications that overfishing does play a part.
On some key points, however, the same countries have imposed on the others a 'lowest common denominator' compromise.
Most of them, however, did not want to stay; they wanted to go to other European countries.
As legislators, however, we need to look at the complete picture: maintaining the status quo is no option at all.
We have no choice, however, but to point out that the compromise supported by the conservatives and the majority of the liberals does not bring any improvements in this area.
I am convinced, however, that Slovakia has all it needs to meet these criteria on a long-term basis, provided that at least a standard fiscal policy is in place and further structural reforms are carried out.
At the same, however, I should also point out that many of my private member's amendments, formulated in a progressive spirit in cooperation with the environmental organisations, have been included in the text.
This should not, however, be seen as a counter-argument to the development of urban areas, as one does not preclude the other.
Owing to inadequate exchange of information, however, neither their potential to re-offend nor the real danger they represent are taken into proper consideration.
In her report, however, my colleague Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou has added what I think are a few essential elements to the Commission's otherwise excellent draft text.
I deplore, however, Parliament's decision to adopt amendment 1 and remove the reference to avoiding over-capacity in the fisheries sector.
It is worth remembering, however, that trade policy alone is not the answer.
For far too many of Europe's citizens, however, the process of developing real competitive markets is far from complete, and they are not in a position to make a real choice of supplier.
On two important points, however, we do not fully share the conclusions reached by the committee: the use of comitology and some issues on the role of the Agency.
Provided these essential elements are preserved, in order to take account of the committee's concerns, the Commission could, however, accept the deletion of some of the comitology procedures which, in our opinion, are less essential.
We should not oversell the model however, we are not likely to see a reduction in prices under any model.
Many of us, however, feel that this will not be enough for European consumers and have suggested sticking to a tough position.
This means that they must be able to compare offers, however, and that is why it is important that contracts and invoices be standardised.
Unlike Mrs De Vits, however, I do not believe that we need completely new laws -certainly not at European level.
For the poorest, however, who really do need to be aware of their rights, this will not be provided.
Let me, however, highlight two issues that the Commission should address immediately rather than in the mid-term.
It must be noted, however, that the Commission services have asked Ireland to send specific additional technical information in for all the requests for increase in capacity.
This does not mean, however, that North American lobsters have not reached Ireland via other Member States.
There are, however, 'red lines' and one of these is safeguarding the legitimate interests of European producers and consumers.
I am, however, happy that all the parties understood the issue and its delicacy and I appreciate the efforts made to put this system into practice.
Primarily, however, it is a danger to pedestrians and cyclists, who have to share scarce public space with cars.
There is one thing we must not forget, however, which does not necessarily belong in this regulation, although it relates to it, and that is psychology.
I want to make it very clear, however, that Mr Ferrari's report is not only heading in the right direction, but is a very significant achievement that we shall be able to present in our Member States; we shall be able to present it to our voters as something concrete to which the European Parliament is giving its attention and in which reality is being changed for the better and for people's benefit.
A word of warning, however: this is a huge task, and one that the Council has been carrying out for a great many years via the comitology committees.
In Europe, however, this mixture of social decline and fear has always opened the door to fascism.
I would, however, advise caution, great caution when making statements following the Irish referendum.
It is even more shortsighted, however, to demand Ireland's exclusion or attempt to push the Treaty through.
What I do not respect, however, are the campaigns of lies conducted by certain people on the left and the right in an attempt to mislead the people and set them against this united Europe: a united Europe which is the most successful concept in the history of this continent, one which has achieved peace, freedom and prosperity.
Obviously, however, this issue has taken up practically all of this morning's debate.
We must however equally respect the wishes of the other 26 Member States; 18 at present but soon to be 26.
We should bear in mind, however, that if this debate had taken place on Wednesday of last week, it would have been quite different.
I am also one of those people, however, who believe that we must continue with the ratification process; every Member State has the same right to express its opinion on the common future of Europe.
At the same time, however, a majority of the voters did not know what they were voting for, as was indicated by the fact that supporters of the 'no' campaign referred to historical grievances that have actually been resolved by European Union membership.
One thing is certain, however, and that is that in future we must discuss integration with the citizens of the European Union in a more intelligent, persuasive and readily comprehensible manner.
There are true success stories of interreligious dialogue; however, the grass-root efforts rarely make headlines in the media - unlike interreligious violence.
My most recent visit to India, however, has also shown how vulnerable even artists feel vis-à-vis mob pressure on the streets.
I firmly believe, however, that it would be wrong to follow the approach of protecting religions per se rather than individuals or groups of believers, as affirmed by international human rights standards.
I think that joint declarations and statements by religious leaders are important; however, I would like to take this opportunity to emphasise the vital role of grass-root initiatives, concrete meetings and joint actions.
I would urge colleagues, however, to consider the report as a whole.
It is even more important, however, for Europe to at last begin to speak with one voice on external energy policy.
Unfortunately, however, it is unlikely that all of the European Parliament's proposals will be accepted.
We have no magic solutions, and we cannot hold energy back at our borders; at the same time, however, we must also look for solutions in the short term.
Meanwhile, however, we have to find solutions for those who are struggling.
To do so effectively, however, it must demonstrate unity, a unity we currently lack.
What we need, however, is a new level of relations, fit for the 21st century, and we have the chance to achieve it.
At the same time, however, Russia should not secure too much power via Gazprom.
The planned pragmatism of the resolution has, however, allowed us to forget our principles, even though in practice all economic growth in Russia is based on our payments for energy resources.
A strategic partnership, however, can only be built on the basis of a symmetrical dialogue between equals.
We know, however, that third-country nationals entering European territory without supporting or legal documentation do in fact work for various employers after being released from detention.
It is, however, one of the ways, and of course others are possible including the kind mentioned by you.
My response does not, however, change the fact that I am here in another capacity, and not as a representative of Slovenia.
Currently it does not appear, however, that the accusations of discrimination are justified, since the system of vignettes is identical both for citizens of Slovenia and for everyone else.
The European Commission has assured me, however, that this approach is essential in order to ensure the quality of the translations and thus facilitate proper implementation of the provisions.
Due to the subsidiarity principle, however, this is not the case for road infrastructure safety, but because the Commission's proposal has been watered down, I am able to go along with it, despite my objections.
There is still much to be done, however, as the statistics are alarming.
We should, however, strive to save our own fauna, of which sheep and goats are a part.
I have, however, always stated that each Member State should be allowed the option of introducing this system on a voluntary basis.
Sheep farming is, however, particularly important for countries with difficult geographical conditions.
I do have one piece of good news, however: the problems can be mitigated.
We must ask ourselves, however, whether we can permit a situation in which the citizens of Europe are unable to enjoy their rights?
At the same time, however, I await the next progress report with great curiosity, and I am confident that I, too, with my modest resources, have contributed to the goal of fostering the deployment of life-saving, environmentally sound, traffic-optimising systems on as wide a scale as possible.
Until the emergency services arrive, however, each of us should be able to administer first aid.
In modern vehicle cockpits, however, there is also a danger of sensory overload.
The issue of market forces has also been raised, as there are no guarantees that the regulations introduced by ourselves, however good, useful, appropriate and beneficial for drivers they may be, will result in an immediate exchange of vehicles in favour of cars that we consider to be safer, more efficient and easier to use.
By way of introduction, however, I cannot resist a remark on the expressions 'intelligent vehicle', 'intelligent infrastructure' and 'intelligent safety devices'.
It only goes a limited way, however, towards solving the real social and environmental problems.
The solutions we are coming up with here, however, are almost exclusively the kind advanced by the motor industry, which seeks to sell more and more new and technically sophisticated vehicles.
If the potential thus made available is to be exploited to the full, however, awareness-raising campaigns must include brief, clear and comprehensible information on the new intelligent vehicle systems and must reach the largest audience possible.
The truth is, however, that not all aspects of this process are functioning well.
I welcome her suggestion, however, as regards my own area of competence and I shall also pass it on to Commissioner Reding because it seems to me to be an important proposal and would meet a need in rural areas in particular.
The Council must be aware, however, that it too needs to represent the citizens of Europe.
I am not, however, under any illusion that this will be the last attack on the principle of subsidiarity.
As the resolution points out, however, the procedures laid down in our legislative framework are still too convoluted: mechanisms need to be streamlined and substantial resources set aside for emergencies which will, unfortunately, continue to occur.
We believe it is positive, however, that others have been adopted in relation to the recognition of Mediterranean region natural disasters, namely drought and forest fires.
Support mechanisms for the people affected and for reforestation that must also cover the prevention of further large-scale disasters are required, however, as is an EU-funded public agricultural insurance scheme to guarantee farmers a minimum income in the event of national disasters such as droughts, fires or floods.
We would point out, however, that we are deeply critical of many of the trade agreements which the EU has actually concluded with third countries.
In view of the widespread disquiet among the public in the EU as regards chlorinated chicken, however, it is of the utmost importance that we get legal requirements for labelling so that every individual can choose to avoid this product, for example in shops or restaurants.
The need to cooperate, however, must not force us into a real or disguised blindness towards the serious problems Russia raises.
We would like it to have gone further, however, particularly in protecting indigenous breeds and traditional cheese production.
The ruling military regime has not, however, taken any steps on the path towards democracy.
Under the current Iranian Government, however, hundreds of executions take place each year, and many of them involve juveniles, such as 17-year old Mohammad Hassanzadeh, who was executed on 10 June.
This barbarity is not confined to juveniles, however, and is not confined to execution by stoning, to the records of the execution.
Allergic symptoms can, however, be triggered by natural and artificial food additives, spices, pollens and other natural substances.
There is, however, a bridge in Europe which, although it is called Bridge of Friendship, still divides people.
I have not, however, encountered an official comment or motion for respective measures from the Commission.
Such actions, however, are passed over with silence when it comes to the country of the former Commissioner for Justice and Home Affairs.
It means, however, free movement for many and varied enemies of society.
I hope, however, that you are not discouraged by this and will develop further initiatives in these six months, too.
Bridging loans under this facility can, however, prevent bankruptcy and job losses, and that is also in our interest.
Unfortunately, however, this is only just getting off the ground and is not quite working as yet.
The criticism I have to make of the Preliminary Draft Budget before us, however, is that we need more money for passenger rights, as this area concerns the rights of European citizens.
Most importantly, however, we need more money for research and for new transport strategies, so that we can finally arrive at mobility that is not detrimental to the climate.
What about the ambitions for the border agency Frontex, however, whose task is to help particularly vulnerable countries to manage the flow of refugees escaping poverty?
The European Commission should, however, have focused more on the successful commencement of resources uptake and reduction of the administrative burden, instead of on a mechanical reduction in payment appropriations.
In addition, however, there is a need for transparency mechanisms and democratic control to ensure that everyone keeps to the existing rules.
Let us not forget, however, that they are the world's only manufacturers of large passenger aircraft.
The Italian Government and the Interior Minister should, however, have looked for other means, fully in line with European standards, and informed the European Commission beforehand rather than late in the day.
As an individual MEP, however, I still have some concerns that I hope the Commission will take care of during the implementation stage.
Production methods, however, may become a problem and I therefore believe that Mrs Doyle's report is right to draw attention to this key problem.
I do, however, regret the fact that, despite the recommendation of the Parliament, additives containing GMOs need not be marked strictly.
We must always remember, however, that we were elected to represent the views and interests of our electorate as a whole.
We need to be able to work constructively as a Parliament and also, most importantly, in line with the wishes of the people that we represent, however that is formulated in the disposition and composition of our groups.
Why should not the will of European electors be expressed in political groups, formed by those they elect, however small those groups may be.
When it comes to the order of speeches and speaking time I would, however, like to stress the need to keep the principle of equal treatment of Commission and Council.
Significant increases in natural gas imports will, however, still be needed to cover Europe's energy requirements in coming decades.
The grant of an implementation permit for such projects is, however, subject to the environmental impact assessment procedure.
Last year, however, it was reported that the route was fully clear.
Both the environmental impact and the views of the public and of authorities with responsibility for environmental matters are, however, included in the environmental impact assessment, which is provided for in the relevant legislation on environmental impact assessments, in the EU directive and in the Espoo Convention, which, as I mentioned earlier, Russia has signed but not ratified, although it has stated that it will implement it.
The first thing, however, which Afghanistan needs is more security, not less security.
Strengthening of administrative institutions and a gradual takeover of the responsibilities for running the country by Afghan authorities must, however, be accompanied by effective human rights protection for all, under the rule of law.
rapporteur. - (PL) Mr President, I think we can agree, however unwillingly, that the displays are not working.
Strengthening the existing agreement is a positive thing, however, this new agreement should focus on the key challenges that we are faced with, in particular climate change, energy security and health epidemics.
It is indeed an important point to make that programmes to be established by the so-called Lisbon Treaty have no legal basis until that treaty is ratified by all 27 Member States: however, I reject all such programmes in their entirety and do not believe they should be created or funded at any point.
I would, however, like to remind you that it is incorrect to say that this issue came to the European Parliament as a result of petitions from citizens.
We should not forget, however, that former politicians figure on the board of the company that is to build this pipeline.
There is another approach, however, which consists of treating energy, gas and their supply as a public service that should be provided to all on the basis of equality and territorial adjustments.
Mr Piebalgs is right, however, in saying that we must give the distribution of property rights a chance.
Efficiency and energy reductions should, however, be priorities, while renewable energy should be a supplement rather than an alternative.
During this debate we should not, however, forget about energy security, which must be guaranteed through diversification of the supplies of imported raw materials for energy.
If political objectives drive their investment strategies - however, this has not been the case - there is no evidence that sovereign wealth funds would have caused any major crisis.
These funds can, however, bring threats along with them too.
We must prevent conflicts of interest, and the paradox whereby European sectors whose efficiency was entrusted to market logic again become a matter of public discretion; this time, however, it is the discretion of third countries.
The representatives of France, however, France being a large state, have not yet been very active and I do hope that these debates will encourage them to participate more actively in our sessions.
Please be assured, however, that the Presidency is very aware of this aspect and is determined to combat it, notably by applying the principles of reciprocity in this field and ensuring that international social standards are respected.
This type of protection, which is effective at a national level, may, however, prove ineffective if you only need to cross a border to get away from the warning or have enough time before it is triggered.
The most important thing, however, is that we make some progress, because time moves on, and currently the outermost regions do not have this external projection.
It emphasised, however, the importance of establishing a more favourable climate to allow the NGOs, United Nations and International Committee of the Red Cross to work effectively.
We may not have noticed, but there are now almost 700 000 wagons in Europe which are able to move from one country to another and can be used by one company rather than another; until now, however, they have been prevented from crossing borders with relative ease because we had not established common safety rules on both sides.
At the same time, however - and that was one of the thorny issues for us and I thank the rapporteur for being so stubborn - we must ensure that the question of responsibility for wagon maintenance is resolved clearly and unambiguously.
First, however, we must create the many conditions we need to implement that.
It should not, however, hamper new initiatives and should be in passengers' interests.
According to the principle of subsidiarity, however, entities at another level should assist cities in this regard: this is what the principle of helpfulness involves.
We must realise, however much we love going into details, that Europe will succeed only if its citizens accept it at local level.
At most, however, the report presents us with a list of added ingredients but no real recipe.
I do believe, however, that since the majority of EU citizens live in large cities, the European Union has a duty to help.
The association of German airlines, however, described the listing of the risks as populism.
As we have seen, however, loop belts can be life-threatening.
Clearly, a child is occupying a full seat here. Let me tell you, however, that mothers have to pay even if they hold the child on their lap - I can show you the bills, which come to more or less 60% of the adult fare depending on the airline.
Imported inflation, however, which is our biggest problem, cannot, in my opinion, be fully countered if the only weapon we use is interest rates.
I would like, however, at this point, to draw attention to the issue of benefits paid to families of immigrants arriving from outside Europe.
I must note, however, that we must not overlook the fact that, despite some objections raised in the report, there will be an electronic exchange of information and personal data, and we do not fully agree with this.
We in Parliament, however, can play a far more prominent role in this process.
In my opinion, however, we have to take into account the structural diversity of the natural gas and electricity markets and therefore make a distinction between them.
Labour Euro MPs, however, do not agree with the recommendation for a single EU seat on the UN Security Council and cannot support this recommendation.
I should like, however, to stress that, on the issue of the reform of the Security Council, the report puts forward a value judgment prejudicial to the discussions still under way in New York.
Conservative MEPs did however vote in favour of the one amendment, originally tabled by Mr Kirkhope, that had been approved by the Constitutional Affairs Committee.
It must, however, be taken into account that the Member States are different in their geographical locations and living conditions.
The statement that the President-in-Office has made does, however, raise a problem.
I do, however, hope that Europe's interest in this matter will not become extinguished together with the Olympic flame in Beijing.
I would urge the European Parliament not to forget that we need to maintain contact with the Chinese and keep on raising these issues, however difficult it is, however tiresome and however frustrating sometimes.
I should like to remind you that there are other countries where the death penalty is in force that have relations with the European Union; however, we do need to have this comprehensive dialogue.
In the circumstances I have described, however, this path will not lead to immediate full membership in every case, because these countries are not yet ready and because the Union is not yet ready either.
In order to help these countries, however, it is also important to include Turkey and Russia in this cooperation.
We insist, however, that Turkey's compliance with the commitments it has made towards the European Union is an essential condition for the completion of its accession.
The situation is different, however, in the countries of the Western Balkans, which have had a clear prospect of accession for some time.
Responsibility for the future accession of these countries, however, will then lie primarily in the hands of their own politicians, who are accountable to the electorate in their respective countries.
What strikes me about this report on the EU enlargement strategy, however, is that it also focuses on relations between the EU and countries with no accession prospects.
The main thing, however, is to draw the appropriate conclusions, and this it has done, particularly in two areas to which I attach importance.
What they do need, however, is a clear signal that there is a place for them.
First of all, however, it is the Zimbabwean population that European socialists are thinking of.
Our main goal, however, is to advocate the abolition of the death penalty in general.
(PT) The issue raised here, however, is that the Iraqi government prevented an investigation of the assassination of Sérgio Vieira de Melo in the same way it did in other cases.
You then addressed a particular problem that is, however, quite distinct from the matter of normal bureaucratic costs. It is the burden placed on small enterprises in particular to comply with the tax requirements - and you know that the European Union's powers in this regard are extremely limited.
As you know, however, it all depends on whether the energy package proposed by the Commission is accepted.
I can tell you, however, that as far as I know the large European producers and distributors are naturally seeking to diversify their raw materials basis.
I do not deny, however, that you may be right in saying that the higher harvest prices do not necessarily make up entirely for the rises in costs.
We will be entering the operational stage very soon, however, and then we will have to be prepared to draw the necessary conclusions from what we have jointly decided so far, not just specifically in relation to space policy but also on the basis of the European budget.
The Commission will, however, continue to cooperate with Parliament on the basis of the framework agreement that exists.
I am, however, opposed on principle to including biometric data in visas, especially in the case of small children. I find that totally inappropriate.
This link to restructuring has to be maintained for the emergency package, however, to have the desired result.
I am sure, however, that this is not what you would want.
I can assure you, however, that the thoughts of the vast majority of the population of European countries are absolutely the reverse of what the majority of MEPs are evidently voting for.
We are, however, concerned not to prejudge decisions about the future EU budget; ESDP activities are funded from the community budgets, which are currently inter-governmental.
We shall do it with you, cooperatively, but do not take any initiatives on the side - not even with Angela Merkel, however good an idea that may seem to be.
I think that if there is a policy that needs a critical appraisal, however, it is the neighbourhood with the southern countries, because the neighbourhood policy actually brings countries into competition with one another that are very divided.
In recent days, however, Russia has made intimidating statements against the Union, threatening it with the Russian economic and military might.
It is, however, the first case in the last 60 years in which a large country has appropriated part of a small one through military action.
You also mentioned the Lisbon Treaty. I understand that you would have preferred to work within another institutional framework but we must, however, progress on the basis of established law as this affects all the European institutions.
It also means, however, that non-EU citizens entering the Schengen area are effectively only checked once, at the external border.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, I must once again thank your rapporteur, Mr Brejc, because he has grasped the main aim of the proposal, which is to secure the borders, without forgetting, however, that these borders must be sufficiently flexible.
This may, however, cause huge congestion at the EU's external borders, mainly at inland border-crossing points during holiday periods or on public holidays.
We also know, however, that other Member States that do not face such problems consider their humanitarian obligation fulfilled if they accuse other states.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a crucial moment and the European Union must not fail to take advantage of this opportunity to show that it is firm and determined with regard to the Russian Federation, however great and powerful the latter may be.
None of this, however - and let me make this very clear, as Martin Schulz has done on many occasions - none of this justifies the Russian intervention which, after all, has been ongoing for years.
The message which I have heard very often, however, is that Russia is solely responsible for the current situation.
It is, however, disappointing that the Council joint position does not go far enough.
If we content ourselves with words alone, however, the aggressor may strike again.
The Georgia issue , however, is not an isolated issue as there is a whole series of interlinked conflicts and problems throughout the Southern Caucasus.
As I am the last speaker, however, I should like to highlight a few key points from this debate.
Above all, however, I am thinking about the visa agreement.
I agree, however, that the Russians reacted too strongly.
It should be borne in mind, however, that the Georgian side is also to blame, because it initiated the military action.
In order to give a boost to legal transactions in the internal market, an optional instrument will, however, have to go beyond general contractual law.
It is important to bear in mind, however, that although the free movement of goods and services within the Community's market makes it difficult for countries to combat this type of fraud on their own, the actions taken should not hamper economic activity and place unnecessary burdens on taxpayers.
First of all, however, I should like to say a few words about the basic principles of this package.
Discrimination is not, however, restricted to one area.
In any case, however, we shall ensure that there is no conflict between the fundamental freedoms embedded in the Treaty and citizens' fundamental rights.
We do wish, however, to consolidate the European ideal and to further the cause of integration.
The package on the table, however, is so comprehensive that it cannot possibly be implemented by 2009.
They must also, however, work hard to ensure that they do not stop investing in continuing education and training, otherwise our innovations will dry up.
There is one issue, however, that we still regard as extremely critical, namely that of non-discrimination.
This instrument, however, was first announced in 2004, and parliamentary pressure is the only reason why the Commission has finally presented it.
It will likewise need improving in many places, however, especially as regards the rights of people with disabilities.
Unfortunately, however, it does not outline the framework of a long-term Roma policy.
On the other hand, however, we must also succeed in international competition.
Is every restaurant, however small, now required to have a wheelchair ramp in order to guarantee unhindered access?
When it comes to the nuts and bolts of legislation designed to protect workers, however, the Council and the Commission bottle out.
I also know, however, that there are difficulties in implementing this ruling and that time spent on call may have to be weighted on the basis of costs and frequency of call-outs.
What the Council has done, however, in virtually reversing the ruling of the Court of Justice and even ignoring the improvements that the Commission's proposal had made to some aspects of the previous legal position is unacceptable.
Like many of my colleagues, however, I would like to have seen the Commission adopt a slightly bolder and more ambitious approach to its proposals and reforms.
The package does, however, contain many good proposals.
I would like it, however, if the Commission's proposal were to focus in particular on extending parental leave and thus improve the rights and opportunities of both parents to stay at home after their child is born.
It is important to point out, however, that we need a change of system - structural reform - in this area.
In the vote on this report, however, we were only faced with the question of postponing the compulsory use of the EU logo on organic products.
It should be noted, however, that voluntary use of such a label is not prohibited and any such moves which are of benefit to consumers should be encouraged.
I look forward, however, to the day when France, and other EU nations, have direct control of their own fishing interests.
The possible outsourcing of data storage to external companies, which is also under discussion, gives grave cause for concern, however, and could potentially open the way for future visa scandals.
I am very hopeful, however, that we shall arrive at a satisfactory outcome once we have come to an arrangement with each other on certain matters.
The approach adopted by the rapporteur generally seems to be consistent with the compromise emerging in the Council in this respect, namely the retention of the imposition of this remedy, without its use, however, being allowed to become widespread.
I shall, however, focus of course on Parliament's position.
We must all work together, however, to ensure that we make BERT a European body and that we in the European Parliament retain control of it.
The downside of technology, however, is that the injured party is the originators.
I should observe in passing, however, that I was under the impression that I would have two and a half minutes.
As you pointed out, France sets great store by copyright; however, the French Presidency is not seeking to impose the model that we shall be developing in France based on preventive action and graduated response, known in our country as the Creation and Internet Law.
Some amendments adopted in the Privacy Directive, however, are really causing problems and we shall make sure that they are deleted.
Allow me to dwell, however, on one particular point in the Harbour report.
Let me, however, deal with two specific points.
At the same time, however, technical progress and the protection of cultural and creative works must not be regarded as conflicting aims.
I note, however, that our institutions will need to continue working on a number of issues in order to reach a compromise.
There is, however, an urgent need to address these issues which require further action and more short-term measures.
There is not, however, any South American state as such that is a member of the European Union - I am being very cautious here for perhaps I did not understand all the nuances of the question.
We need to go further, however, in terms of information and communication.
The best way to tackle the question of carbon leakage and ensure that the Community system of exchanging emission quotas remains effective is still by concluding an international agreement, Mrs Doyle. It is clear, however, that we must also be prepared to act if we do not get an international agreement and we are currently discussing the most appropriate measures to keep our industry competitive while also ensuring that the EU plays an exemplary part in combating greenhouse gases.
In that context, however, it has no need whatsoever to feel ashamed of defending its interests against powers that are at least as rich as we are.
The second part of the report, however, continues with 46 paragraphs containing recommendations, invitations or requests for this principle to be observed.
On the other hand, however, it talks about the inadequate implementation of documents already adopted.
It also points, however, to the insincerity of politicians who outwardly declare support for equality between women and men but, in practice, do not observe it, and this is why expectations are not as we would wish.
It must be pointed out, however, that despite all the difficult problems we are discussing, there has been significant progress towards equality between women and men in recent years, and it is especially noticeable in rural areas.
I must remind you, however, that the evaluation report in 2007 was able to evaluate ENISA only in its first year of operation; as a result, the evaluation is no longer reliable or, of course, timely.
Despite this, however, we can also state that advertising as such has its great positives.
The solution, however, will definitely not be some specific European code of conduct.
I do not believe, however, in the idea that we should regulate it uniformly throughout Europe.
When cloning is used in animal breeding for food production, however, there are problems.
A similar list already exists, however, and the industry uses this existing list to classify and label mixtures.
Now, however, the classifications of substances reflect their actual potential danger as well as can be expected.
You should know, however, that you are buying a safe product.
At the same time, however, we must ensure that the appropriate filling station infrastructure is created and built, because even hydrogen powered cars have to be filled up.
The Directive, however, provides for categorisation according to traditional systems.
It is also clear, however, that the interests of the European people, and of any race in the world, are increasingly determined by the common destiny of humanity.
We are only able to state the fact that on 3 March 2008 NATO confirmed the possibility of Georgia joining this organisation; however, it is up to the sovereign state of Georgia to make the decision.
The political measures used to achieve these goals must, however, be determined at national level.
The reason why I finally abstained, however, was the second sentence of paragraph 6, which encourages the use of quotas.
I think that establishing rules for marketing and advertising is something that should be done at national level, however, and criticism of the media and healthy questioning of sex stereotypes begins with education and upbringing.
The report which remained after all the voting, however, was completely different.
On the other hand, however, I am sure that, if Members of the European Parliament are able to intervene to promote and support the common good, then we have a moral duty to do so.
The crucial thing, however, is that these sanctions themselves should not constitute a violation of human rights: in trying to resolve an injustice, we should not respond with an even greater injustice.
There are suggestions to lift the embargo; however, ladies and gentlemen, so far we have received no explanation for the Tiananmen Square Massacre, which shook the free world, nor any apology for it.
They do, however, very often fail, as can be seen from the examples of Zimbabwe and Cuba.
There is, however, one type of sanction that does not give rise to such propaganda opportunities.
This instrument should not, however, be devalued - we should use it flexibly.
This report, however, is a step in the right direction.
What is also true, however, is that sanctions are an instrument that must remain political in nature.
In Bulgaria, however, heirs to terrorists and outright fascists are currently in power.
Most of all, however, some of those responsible for this freedom-killing legislation sit in this Parliament.
It is probably obvious, however, that sanctions alone cannot achieve results like this.
If faced with no other choice, however, she must at least be able to have it done safely and legally.
At the same time, however, we are taking care to ensure a steady improvement in the channels of communication and cooperation with the Member States for this purpose.
I wish to stress, however, that we should not confuse the measures the European Commission has the authority to take, and is taking, with the obligations of the Member States, as these are internal affairs.
Having said that, however, election observations are not and cannot be actions standing on their own.
This cannot be achieved, however, with a blanket concept of competition, liberalisation and privatisation, especially in the public sectors (water, health, education, energy and passenger transport).
This openness should, however, go hand in glove with mutuality and respect.
I fear, however, that only the large tour operators will be able to survive in future, by concluding several CRS provider contracts.
This will be necessary, however, to offer customers a comprehensive choice.
The greatest credit for this, however, is due to Mr Kirkhope, who in a truly exemplary manner has kept Members informed, has always corresponded with the shadow rapporteurs and has actually done everything he can to convey the Committee's requests to the Council.
The Council, however, has not made his work easy.
I thank my fellow Members, however, particularly the rapporteur, that the concerns regarding environmental protection have found echoes in this report, as far as was possible in this sector.
They have not got it, however, as the interests of a few national businesses have come out on top.
Some Members, however, want every airline with a capital share to be automatically defined as a parent company.
In the highway country of the United States, however, the proportion is 40%.
I must also say, however, that the European Union and the Member States are being called upon to increase their efforts considerably in developing and upgrading efficient transport structures.
It is even more important, however, that we take sensible action on the logistics.
I cannot identify any added value at all; what I do see, however, are additional costs and more red tape, especially for those countries which have fulfilled their commitments at home and have taken reasonable soil protection measures.
The primary reason is, however, the fact that terrorist organisations are exploiting them, inciting hatred and a determination to kill.
What I regret, however, is that this amendment, which spoke of initiatives that could be taken with regard to Israel, as opposed to sanctions, was not retained.
It fails to mention, however, that according to reports by Amnesty International, terrorist organisations such as the al-Asqa Martyrs Brigade, Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine recruit minors and use them as couriers.
Our resolution, however, proposes, among other things, 'provision of comprehensive and safe abortion' and regrets the lack of provision of services in the field of reproductive health.
It should be borne in mind, however, that negotiations on trade in services must serve the interests of the EU as well as promoting the development of the poorest countries.
In my view, however, opening up trade in services should not be understood to mean privatisation.
A softly-softly approach will not, however, pay off in a situation like this in the long term.
The ruling military junta, however, needs to be reminded of the Cotonou Agreement and that, if no dialogue on restoring democratic order is achieved, EU cash will once again be cut off.
It is only in Tanzania, however, that they are treated so cruelly.
On the other hand, however, witch doctors spread tales of the magical properties of albinos' white skin, which allegedly helps to bring luck and wealth.
At the same time, however, it has also become clear that we need further harmonisation and adjustment at European level in order to ensure that these sectors, which have now reached absolutely critical dimensions, also do not represent any risk for the financial markets.
From what has been said here, however, by Commissioner McCreevy in particular, it seems that that will not be the way forward, and that is unacceptable.
Their operation, however, is less regulated than the banking system.
I would say, however, that it would have been even more opportune if it had been politically possible to present it six years ago - and I think Poul agrees with me.
The public, however, deserve an answer, and we must give them one.
For additional innovations and additional activities, however, we could have done with extra funding. That was surely essential.
We know, however, that it is not government decisions that bring about innovation or creativity.
I would not, however, like this to be an activity just for the sake of the activity.
Creativity, however, will be the same one year on.
They must, however, apply national and EC law.
In many cases, however, this form of expression has turned into a 'collective protest', such as on crucial issues like the environment and society.
Without cash, however, nothing will happen and it is crucially important that we keep to this goal and our promise.
On one or two specific points, however, it also proposed the tightening up of the framework decision and, in any case, work was still needed to reach an entirely satisfactory level of legal certainty and protection of freedoms.
It is a fact, however, that the Commission's proposal is based on the Council of Europe Convention and very closely follows the definitions of offences in the Convention, for two reasons.
The Commission hopes, however, that the evolution of this dossier will above all allow the entry into force of the amended framework decision in the very near future.
In particular, however, Parliament wants to look at the impact of these decisions on society in the longer term.
These data are also relevant, however, in relation to the proposal to exchange criminal record data among Member States and even the introduction of a European PNR system.
I should like to make a marginal note here, however, as many speakers on the margins of today's debate have referred to Italy.
Other aspects are important, however: the right of access for citizens is particularly important to me - strengthening citizens' rights - and the scope, which has already been discussed repeatedly.
What is new since 2001, however, is that governments worldwide have been seizing on the fight against terrorism to curtail civil rights and freedoms.
Your objection remains important, however, and we will pass it on, but I must emphasise that the apologies of the French Presidency were given in advance.
One thing must be clear, however: we can win this battle only on the basis of the rule of law.
Our citizens have to be able to trust that these restrictions are also appropriate, however, and that their data are not being distributed throughout the world by the intelligence services.
Right at the start of the report, however, there is a reference to the Treaty of Lisbon and the changes its entry into effect will bring about.
What is certain, however, is that citizens of the EU are harassed by continuous, not to say suffocating, restrictions on their privacy, and likewise it is certain that this is totally useless in protecting us from terrorists.
First and foremost, however, we have a duty to protect human lives.
It is good to see, however, that this has exposed those Members up there at the back on the far right who have cursed the Treaty of Lisbon.
There is, however, an area of Council of Europe competence which would benefit from review, and I refer to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR).
In a democracy, in the democratic Union of European states, however, the fight against terrorism must be conducted within the framework of a democratic rule of law, given human and civil rights.
I will leave it to the wisdom of the dialogue between the Council and Parliament, however, to find a solution.
I should like to draw attention to one point, however, against which we would speak out most decisively, as I am of the opinion that Parliament has made a mistake.
The lives of those who dwell there and the agricultural activities engaged in this terrain are, however, far from easy.
Europe is also regarded as a cultural stronghold, however - and particular attention should be paid to this in the context of the European Year of Creativity and Innovation (2009).
The EU must, however, guarantee the effectiveness of its aid in order to make any real improvement to the situation of the most deprived.
It is a typically political instrument that should, however, not be treated lightly, but should serve as an instrument encouraging responsible individuals to carry out more rapid and proper transposition.
I do consider, however, that decisions relating to curriculum content and the governance of schools should be taken within the cultural and political context of different nations' separate education systems.
We are, however, unconvinced of the effectiveness of 'one size fits all' approaches at a European level.
Since a settlement in line with the Swedish Constitution has been reached in the Council, however, we choose to abstain instead of voting against the report.
In so doing, however, fundamental rights must continue to be protected.
Freedom of the press, freedom of expression and the right to respect for the privacy of correspondence and secrecy of telecommunications, which also includes e-mail and other kinds of electronic correspondence, should not be curtailed, however, and so I support the amendments by Mrs Lefrançois.
If it does not, we shall have a very serious problem; the likelihood is that Parliament will regard everything we have achieved, however much I value it, as unsatisfactory.
We need to be careful, however: we need to use the competences that the Treaty allows without any absolute transfer of further sovereignty, and without taking away any area from the Member States that, as we believe, and as we want to believe, fully share this objective.
The fundamental point remains, however: we must not permit ourselves to tackle just one point, but we need to close the issue and to be able to say to European citizens that we are working on all fronts and in all sectors.
The details of a technical investigation must, however, remain confidential.
The main bone of contention, however, is the issue of which types of incident should be covered.
The Commission will, however, launch an investigation into this subject, in order to improve its understanding of the financial flows linked to the phenomenon of piracy on the seas.
Someone said to me today that the profession of pirate was, however incredible it might seem, growing in status in some of the countries bordering the Indian Ocean.
Those 51 fishing boats, however, are scattered, following the migrations of tuna, over an area of more than 3 200 square miles, which is five days' sailing, and they are therefore much more vulnerable, so a naval operation is essential and urgent.
I notice, however, that you have not mentioned the issue of dementia specifically and, as you know, Alzheimer's associations are clamouring for increased awareness and education on the condition.
It has been said, however, that the Council will not accept this policy.
We are, however, concerned, as various experts have said informally that it is more than likely that this date will once again not be respected.
Procedural matters, however, should not blind us to our fundamental objectives.
Let us, however, consider whether voluntary programmes are enough, or whether legally binding rules and specifications need to be enacted in respect of lawful trade in tropical timber.
Secondly, however, we also need the backing of Europe's citizens, which has declined to an alarming extent.
As regards the development of the common market, however, we see major shortcomings, especially where the social dimension is concerned.
Other aspects which are equally important, however, are strengthening and protecting civil rights, expanding research, and finding a solution to climate change.
Since then, however, over 30 500 scientists and climatologists have signed the Oregon Petition and the Manhattan Declaration which directly challenges the IPCC conclusions with some very compelling evidence.
It is, however, very difficult for Parliament up front of the European elections.
At the same time, however, we must have a view of how balanced development can be made possible in Europe in all areas with their own characteristics in the broad spectrum of agricultural development, R&D, ecology, and so on.
Nothing has been achieved, however, despite the Commissioner's determined efforts, which I certainly appreciate, and despite the actions for which I am grateful.
The remainder, however, concerns information on the European Union's work and intentions, rather than on its actions.
This does not mean, however, that Parliament and the Commission should focus on the election programme to the exclusion of all else.
We already know, however, that the issue will arouse great interest as well as controversy.
At the same time in this debate you have, however, given some of the best examples of why we need a new treaty, why that would help us to act and speak with one voice in the world and also be more effective in our decision-making, and why that would help citizens.
The time has come, however, for the Indian Government to be on the receiving end of strong words regarding the blatant infringement of freedom of belief on its territory.
There are, however, positive signs here and it seems that there are numerous topics for discussion in the political and economic fields.
There does seem to be, however, a serious impediment to the development of India and of our mutual relations, an impediment that significantly reduces India's potential.
What we must do, however, is respect our fellow men and women.
In some case, however, regulation goes too far.
Users' rights may, however, be violated if this is necessary in the interests of general security.
I believe, however, that this programme does not take any account of food safety, which will have to be covered by concrete measures and not just expressions of regret.
We are all fully aware, however, of the gruesome happenings in India, and of the blood spilt in that country.
Improvised interim solutions can cause security gaps, however, which is why I have rejected the planned introduction of the improvised version, as I believe that it is premature.
I regret, however, the adoption of Mrs Trautmann's oral amendment.
Inflation could, however, be at a turning point, as the impact of past increases in energy and food prices gradually fades in the coming months.
What I said, however, was not the language of the past.
We have seen the development of new financial instruments that are, however, not transparent enough and do not allow for proper risk assessment.
We could stay here for hours, as the subject is certainly worthy of a great deal of discussion and the thoughts they have shared have been fascinating. Unfortunately, however, our time is limited.
A particular concern for our group, however, is the issue of energy poverty and what we are doing to address it, for this is still a very serious problem in Europe.
Virtual oil is, however, being sold on the derivatives markets for six times more than physical oil.
Rather than the production of peak energy, the consequence was an international arbitration dispute, the results of which, however, have been ignored by Hungary.
As part of the process of accession to the European Union, however, Slovakia was obliged to close two reactors at the power plant prematurely.
The European Commission, however, is taking its time in producing a response.
The carbon footprint of the poor, however, is tiny compared to the rich, who have no intention of actually reducing it but are ready simply to pay more.
Behind it, however, is a very interesting idea with which the authors of legislation must familiarise themselves.
What is not happening, however, is any budget increase for the EASA, nor are other sources of financing being identified.
We should not, however, overlook consumers, who make their own choices about food.
I do not believe, however, that imposing restrictions on the food producers alone will result in a reduction in the number of overweight individuals.
It is often the case, however, that we adults ourselves are not fully aware of what is and is not advisable.
It is also true, however, that there is a strong obsession, insistence and indeed a requirement to be thin.
The problem of the different effect of artificial trans-fatty acids compared to that of the rest seems, however, to have been settled.
Unfortunately, obesity affects mainly people from disadvantaged categories, all the more so as the price of staple foods has risen considerably; however, promoting a healthy lifestyle and healthy eating could prevent obesity and lead to a decrease in the number of obese persons, at the same time cutting costs in the health system by eliminating the need to treat all the complications related to obesity.
At the same time, however, it is necessary to introduce legal measures which make every Member State responsible for making more determined efforts to improve the physical condition of its citizens through healthy eating and sport.
Fortunately, however, fashion is changing and the disorder is now less widespread.
Above all, however, the report itself aims to make clear that we are dealing with a highly critical condition: obesity.
Some people criticise the fact that the industry will save on expenses and that Member States' income may be reduced - an interesting argument which, however, quite frankly I think comes most of the time from those with a restricted view of the economy and fiscal policy.
This latter lacuna should not, however, be laid at the feet of the Commission, as neither the industries concerned nor national administrations could provide the necessary data.
We will, however, endeavour to take the amendments suggested by Parliament into consideration as much as possible during deliberations in the Council.
I have endeavoured to ensure that key MEPs were kept informed by my services about the evolution of this debate. It was, however, brought to my attention today that there was a lapse in this communication.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, four out of every hundred citizens in Europe go abroad for treatment; in my view, however, health tourism is symptomatic of local shortcomings and a lack of services.
All in all, people decide to embark on health tourism because high-quality and less expensive services are on offer; in many cases, however, I feel that supervision by the Union needs to be tightened up both as a guarantee for consumers and to ensure that competition is on an equal footing.
I welcome the European Commission's intention to look closely at the issue of healthcare within the framework of a renewed social agenda. At the same time, however, I regret that the increased attention paid to citizens' health-related rights has come about solely as a result of a judgment of Court of Justice.
In my opinion, however, they are not insurmountable.
The key question here, however, the question under debate, which the Commission and the Council should look at in depth, is prior authorisation for hospital care because that is indeed where there is the greatest risk of deregulation of national systems.
The concentration of media ownership, however, creates an environment that is conducive to the emergence of monopolies, erects barriers to market entry and leads to uniformity of media content.
Provision for the independence of journalists, however, must be made by means of specific legal and social guarantees.
First of all, however, there are several countries in the EU where concentration in the media is a problem, and it is therefore unacceptable to mention only one country.
During the Monday evening debate on several own-initiative reports, it turned out, however, that this change was not the most felicitous.
It should also, however, be pointed out that, as regards Internet blogs, the resolution differs significantly from the initial version of the report by Marianne Mikko and the Committee on Culture and Education.
We would, however, point out that taxes are a national matter and decisions on them can only be taken by the Member States.
I do not agree, however, that liberalisation of the energy markets is part of the solution to rising prices.
At the same time, however, we think that the report could have said a lot less about what schools should do and what food they should serve.
I supported our group's opinion, however, on the use of colour coding in the labelling of food.
For them, however, the consumer world they covet is totally out of reach.
The matter will continue after that, however, because we need these reforms.
I also want to say, however, that Parliament asked you to do this three years ago, in the Muscat report.
In exchange for this assistance, however, the politicians will expect a heavy price to be paid in return, and that will be market regulation.
From this point of view, I believe that setting up the high-level group is an excellent initiative. I would just like to say, however, on behalf of the Presidency, that I would prefer it if its composition was more diverse and as broad as it could be while remaining effective.
To be frank, however, politicians are not bankers.
Ask yourselves, however, whether you would entrust your savings to politicians acting as bankers.
He is silent, however, about Commissioner McCreevy's continued resistance to re-regulation.
This requires leadership, however; not only by Member States but also, in particular, by the Commission.
I think, however, that the Commission has been saddled with too much responsibility here.
Admittedly the contingent liability is enormous; however, when the interbank market restarts, the banks will stop hoarding, they will start lending again to businesses and individuals and householders, interbank rates will return to normal levels, and it is an absolute certainty that those guarantees will not need to be used.
This is no longer just a matter of the economy, however: the giant that stood on a pile of securities has seen its authority collapse.
It is surprising, however, that it takes a report from the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs according to Rule 39 for the Commission to start to tackle this topic seriously.
One thing is certain, however: the rules of the system have to change.
This dialogue must not, however, provide an opportunity for the regime to acquire credibility or be legitimised.
It is, however, a fact that political prisoners, at least the main ones, were released.
It is clear, however, that Mr Lukashenko's fine words are often empty words, and so the dialogue envisaged must be justified, and also very targeted.
These must, however, be real steps down the road to democracy, not just a put-on show, with the price paid by the Belarusian opposition.
Let us not, however, break off the dialogue if the independence of this country is at stake.
The Belarusian authorities did not, however, meet all their obligations.
The Commission's approach to the question of the Polish shipyards, however, runs counter to these declarations.
Having been directly involved in the negotiations in Geneva at the WTO with responsibility for the agricultural sector, I am however happy to be here with you tonight.
Commissioner, I do have one request: however you negotiate and whatever happens, please inform Parliament in good time and make sure, too, that whether we get the Lisbon Treaty or not, we take another look at whether we can perhaps create some kind of 'quasi Lisbon Treaty' in advance, relating to the area of trade.
Mutual solidarity between the Member States as regards their water resources does not, however, mean that their sovereignty for making decisions about their water resources has to be abolished.
The text to be put to the vote tomorrow does not, however, include a proposal made by the Committee on Agriculture for the Commission to look into setting up an economic adaptation fund against drought, which would benefit all economic sectors, including agriculture.
I have to say, however, that I think that we have to start thinking in terms of water and climate change from an overall perspective.
This should not come as any surprise to us, however, as the Arctic is warming at a much faster rate with an increase of 2°C in temperature in the last hundred years compared to an average of 0.6°C increase in the rest of the world.
The fact still remains, however, that a strategy must be formulated.
For the fight against undeclared work it is however an essential condition that the Member States open up their labour markets to each other's employees, as partial restriction in these areas encourages the formation of regional inequalities as well as divergence from EU principles and the European approach.
We go further, however, and call in our report for the development of a holistic approach to active social integration.
In itself, however, it is not a guarantee of social integration or the elimination of poverty.
It is, however, a curious fact that 20 million working people live in poverty in the EU today, most of them women.
In this case, however, it must be understood that a broader political dimension is involved, as the rapporteur pointed out.
Even so, however, I believe that they have not lost any of their character or their appeal to European citizens.
It is well known, however, that up to 40% of diseases are linked to an unhealthy lifestyle and could largely be effectively prevented.
This should not, however, represent an obstacle when it comes to taking joint action aimed at protecting the health of Europeans.
We feel, however, that it is better to consider such targets within each individual policy initiative in the framework of the strategy.
It is important, however, not to allow a situation to develop whereby preventing the birth of disabled children or children suffering from chronic diseases would be generally accepted.
What I cannot do, however, is vote in favour of a report which repeatedly urges the Member States to introduce minimum wages, and which calls on the Council to agree an EU target for minimum wages.
Work is not the only way of preventing poverty, however, as illustrated by the many cases of poverty amongst working people.
It must be emphasised, however, that the Union should not be the only one to make concessions.
According to the experts, however, the main reason for the breakdown was a lack of progress on services and industry.
At the same time, however, we must not disregard our own interests, notably those of the agricultural sector.
Just before the vote, however, Mr Duff, a leading Member, ventured to express his surprise that Eastern European countries which have only recently acceded to the Union should be opposed to the introduction of the flag and anthem as compulsory in the European Parliament.
I do have one concern, however: it relates to the pollution of soil and groundwater through the use of dangerous agricultural pollutants. This has occurred in the French Overseas Territories, specifically Martinique and Guadeloupe, as a result of chlordecone, a molecule with a long lifespan.
As Mr Marinescu indicated, however, the fact that the solution reached differs from the earlier treaty involving the Ten in terms of the timetable is cause for concern.
We must not contest each state's right to organise a referendum; however, I believe that each of the Member States must make sure that the European Union is united, regardless of the results of the consultation in question.
In today's world, however, this is vital for success.
I should like to make it abundantly clear, however, that I do not believe that the proposed review of the provisions of the Directive, in the context of the rulings of the European Court of Justice, will prove an effective tool with which to combat undeclared work.
Certain countries such as Belgium and Denmark do, however, indicate that this may happen in certain cases such as those involving blatant and persistent violation of the law.
While performing these vital functions, however, minimum income schemes should encourage the integration into the labour market of those capable of working.
We cannot, however, support this resolution as its point of departure is first and foremost the interests of the EU.
It is also important, however, that social legislation be applied in order to protect both drivers and the public at large.
Without the Lisbon Treaty, however, a coordinated EU policy on the financial crisis cannot work properly.
Only 3% of healthcare budgets is currently allocated to prevention, however, even though it is well known that prevention is better than cure.
This should, however, relate to every form of expression of life and not just to economic problems.
This timetable will be feasible, however, only if we succeed in speeding up the negotiations and if the Council is willing to open up additional chapters by the end of the year.
Just as important as this breakthrough is a breakthrough on the Working Time Directive; not of the kind proposed by Mr Bushill-Matthews, however, but with absolutely no opt-outs, as proposed at Parliament's reading.
The difficulty, however, is in the application of the law.
Unfortunately, there is also a drawback to this accomplishment, however, which is that these marriages often end in separation, and then there is the issue of the necessary divorce.
If the Commission agrees to present the Council with a proposal on enhanced cooperation within the sphere of 'Rome III', however, it may, in the interests of legal clarity, withdraw its initial proposal once the decision has been taken, in order to amend it, but that would only be if we really had the possibility of launching enhanced cooperation.
The suggestions put forward in the opinion approved unanimously by that committee met with only partial approval, however, within the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
On one point, however, there remains a difference of opinion - that mentioned earlier by Mrs Gebhardt.
This has resulted, however, in a series of kidnappings, incidents involving psychological and physical torture and in the destruction of human beings.
It has not, however, provided solutions with regard to the applicable law in matrimonial matters, in other words, to determining which state's law the courts should apply in legal proceedings.
Given the confidential and sensitive nature of this information, however, the hearing was held in camera.
Here too, however, the Commission's proposal does not go this far, as proof of proportionality was lacking.
We do, however, still have some concerns, since the purpose for which the data can be used is not very well defined.
The issue that preoccupies us, however, is whether this is proportionate.
Regarding the exchange of data, however, I recall our discussions at the Committee on Transport and Tourism, when we dealt with issues such as the safety of travellers, and the protection of personal data to prevent it from falling into unsuitable hands.
I would urge you, however, to bear in mind that we Europeans are often made to feel uncomfortable at airports.
We must, however, also use the system properly, and here I am in agreement with you: purpose and proportionality are vital.
Out of a sense of responsibility, however, we have chosen to take a step back, because we believe the most important thing is that the whole package be approved at first reading, in order to guarantee that the programme can begin on 1 January next year.
In today's Sweden, however, 96% of all young people and 70% of younger children have mobile phones, so matters are developing at a record rate.
It would be far better, however, if we did not have to debate this matter. It would be so much better if we did not have to deal with people wishing to deprave and exploit children for reprehensible purposes.
Internet usage naturally has its positive aspects. We must, however, devote increasing attention to the dangers that accompany it.
At the same time, however, it is children and young people who are most at risk from psychological violence on the Internet.
It should be emphasised, however, that a large majority of these young people came across this material by chance, and did not access it deliberately.
At the same time, however, the Union's institutions, doubtless not wishing to be seen as inactive, are recommending development of provisions ensuring consistent implementation of the TAC, even when, as stated, the data is known to be inadequate.
While Ireland has proposed a pilot project for 2009 to reduce cod discards in our Nephrops fishery in part of the Celtic Sea, hopefully with incentives for fishermen and a major role for them in monitoring and control which will be key to successful enforcement of the project, I must however ask the Commissioner a question in the light of what our rapporteur referred to as 'new evaluations suggesting the Celtic Sea is over-exploited and so needs to be controlled', according to ICES a 2009 TAC for the Celtic Sea area was recommended which indicates that the stock is stronger there than in other areas covered by the recovery plan.
Having said that, however, they still maintain that the stock is in bad shape and needs to be recovered, which is why we have included it as part of the new cod recovery plan.
I am concerned, however, that when it comes to their legislative proposals and decisions, the European Union's institutions are basing themselves on research undertaken by various research institutes financed by the European Commission.
The way we are organised, however, in national organisations, in governments etc. - climate change on its track, development cooperation on another track - was already a real impediment or hindrance towards fully recognising the threat of climate change to development and poverty reduction.
It is pivotal, however, that EU Member States fully align themselves to this initiative and make increased ODA commitments and innovative sources of financing available for the GCCA.
This consensus would, however, be worthless had it not found concrete form in a text that is both specific and consistent, as I will demonstrate to you in a moment.
Concern has been expressed, however, that the new procedure may result in the Commission losing institutional responsibility as guardian of the Treaties, as it provides for referring charges received by the Commission back to the Member State responsible in primis for incorrect implementation of Community legislation.
It should be noted, however, firstly, that the present directive does protect the fundamental rights of workers by providing minimum guarantees regarding remuneration and health and safety at work.
It must be said, however, that this report does not touch on a fundamental issue of the day, and that is the extraordinarily high number of posted or foreign workers that are flooding national markets.
The social aspect, however, is extremely important for me too.
We must also make clear, however - and certain countries with lower standards will soon understand this, as their standards will be raised - that freedom of movement must not result in a kind of competition becoming the norm that involves dispensing with the social standards that have evolved.
It is, however, time that we also change practices in this area.
I should like to say to you, however: this is what we sought to do, and I hope that everyone will be able to support it.
I should, however, like to say one more thing - the whole point of Europe is that it forces us to make compromises.
It is, however, true that there were shortcomings in the supervision mechanisms, which, we should remember, are essentially national systems.
I have to say, however, that although I sometimes disagree with what you have to say, you certainly liven up the Chamber when you say it.
There should, however, also be no disproportionate flows of liquidity from branches to their parent banks.
We also, however, need to examine the issue of the type of growth we will choose for the future.
We do not, however, want one which is the lowest common denominator.
What is worrying, however, is that the key decisions were taken earlier, at a meeting of the representatives of a mere four countries.
We need to define a clear mandate for negotiating a new agreement on increased cooperation with this country, however with the very clear condition that there will be a need to record evident progress and for the Communist government in Chişinău to scrupulously adhere to democratic standards and the statutory norms of European law, as well as a need to respect the independence of the judicial system and the right of the press to free expression.
I do approve, however - and I hope that as the debate on this regulation proceeds my argument will be accepted - of the efforts to create a European legal area, with European harmonisation.
As regards the initiative to establish a Global Climate Change Alliance, however, the best that can be said about is that it is pointless.
This treaty has, however, been rejected in the democratic processes.
Certain administrative burdens may, however, be socially very necessary, even if they may be felt to impede companies' growth and innovation.
The proposals in Mr Guerreiro's report do not, however, include such measures and I have therefore voted against the report.
We shall, however, also tackle international issues of mutual interest, such as the Middle East, Iran and Afghanistan.
Our group, however, does not believe that isolating Russia should be one of them.
Where Abkhazia is concerned, however, nothing of the sort happened.
In both cases, however, I think it would be wrong to break off the talks.
It is clear too, however, that we need the common and effective energy policy that we are currently lacking, as has already been emphasised during this debate.
The continuation of negotiations, however, must be conditional on, at the very least, a clear undertaking from Russia that it will not use force against Georgia or any other of its neighbours and that disputes affecting our shared neighbourhood will be resolved with the agreement of the European Union.
The precondition, however, must be that Russia fulfils the agreements of 12 August and 8 September.
At European Union level, however, our message is that the Union should consider the desires and fears of us small countries that have experienced a different history.
That speech apart, however, the others have been perfectly legitimate.
In order to ensure this, however, it is more necessary than ever for us to establish a dialogue with Russia.
Russia did not become a democratic market economy, however, but a sort of capitalist dictatorship of exploitation, where civil rights have to yield to the law of a mightier force.
What our European law requires us to do, however, is to refuse to accept serious, systematic infringements of human rights and democracy.
We know that we do not have huge resources with which to impose this respect; we know, however, that the renegotiation of cooperation agreements can provide a good opportunity to make at least some progress on the most serious and most systematic infringements.
I wish to be clear about this, however: we will pursue this policy with determination.
This must not, however, be at the expense of fundamental human rights, but must be based on a fair partnership founded on fundamental human rights.
He stressed that if the assets in insolvency are taken over, there would be no possibility of support for restructurisation, but it would, however, be possible to receive assistance as part of regional support for new investments and for creating new jobs.
We also want, however, to try everything we can to bring about a proper climate in Europe.
I cannot, however, go along with this bureaucratic approach, which actually creates more problems than it solves and does not constitute an improvement.
Mr Jørgensen, however, has had good intentions and he has succeeded in many areas.
There are different methods, however, and they are not always recognisable at first glance.
I must also just comment, however, on the critical voices - and there have been some of these - that have made themselves heard.
The compromise submitted does, however, somewhat simplify this bureaucratically overloaded system.
We know, however, that whatever security people can do technically will in time be done.
What I can describe to you already, however, are the most important elements, the foundations.
I am happy to say, however, that all parties concerned consider it right and necessary, and that the technical solutions concerning the traceability of medicines do exist.
I am not quite so sure, however, that the positive effect will be to reduce the administrative burden in the individual Member States.
The administrative burden and logistical complications are, however, a shared issue which we must resolve.
I would, however, like to register my reservations in relation to the following point which concerns the extension of marketing authorisations.
Every change, however, must go through an approval process, as health and safety is involved.
Europe is, however, facing a very dangerous development in the spread of counterfeit drugs.
The main focus of this Regulation, however, is the simplification of variations; that is, of the partial extension or variation of the pharmaceutical form of a medicinal product.
I do think, however, that the proposals we can make will ultimately make it virtually impossible to introduce counterfeit medicines into the legal distribution chain.
I have to admit, however, that I am disappointed that Parliament had to give way on a provision calling for cooling-off periods of 21 days in order to reach agreement with the Council.
To my mind, however, there is another thing: there is an identity issue.
The point here, however, is that, as someone has put it, 'the dam separating Christian Europe from Muslim East has sprung a leak, altering Europe's culture'.
It is equally true, however, that peace agreements rarely hold if they are not strongly backed by the communities involved.
Let me stress, however, that the vast majority of peoples reject extremism in any society and support respect for religious and cultural diversity.
I am sure, however, that through your work and your commitment, we will manage to live together in integrated communities.
In acknowledging that the internet offers a world of entertainment, opportunity and knowledge to children, we must, however, also put in place measures to keep them safe on the internet.
A requirement was included, however, for all drugs containing the same active ingredient to bear the same company name, in order to avoid patients becoming confused and taking excessively high doses.
The amendments relate, however, to issues that should be dealt with at national level and not by the EU institutions.
We wish to emphasise, however, that a number of the measures proposed in the report would be better initiated and paid for by the Member States themselves.
Other measures aimed at combating, for example, child pornography should, however, be devised through cooperation between the Member States because of the global character of the problem.
The initial proposal submitted by the Commission in 2005 was rejected by Parliament as it involved a great deal of bureaucracy without, however, reducing the level of pollution.
I am very pleased, however, that the European Parliament has adopted a position in favour of the Swedish model and our collective agreements.
Further regulations at EU level would, however, probably strengthen the power of the European Court of Justice.
I would, however, like to emphasise the need in this context for set conditions to be met by the Vietnamese Government.
'Nobody is perfect', however, and so certain differences remain, which is reflected in the reserves we set up for 2009.
All this must, however, take place in accordance with the financial framework established for the 2007-2013 period.
We do, however, need an approach other than the one which the Commission suggested in the first instance.
Problems persist, however, in spite of these efforts.
All this is nonetheless completely wrong, however - for what should the EU in actual fact do?
At the same time, however, I wonder whether we are just tilting at windmills.
Here too, however, there are reservations, for example, over the policy on fixed assets.
The political dialogue in Bosnia does not, however, indicate any interest in achieving this.
The speed with which this agreement comes into effect, however, will depend mainly on the common desire and willingness of the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina and their political leaders.
The international community, including representatives of the EU, can offer a helping hand here. Any institutional arrangements must, however, be the result of a voluntary agreement between the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina themselves.
We all know that the Dayton Agreement has, on the one hand, brought peace; on the other hand, however, it has created a very complicated structure with various governments and parliaments and has again taken account of ethnicity.
Often, a good place to start is, however, with practical improvements and cooperation in connection with solutions to quite general and practical everyday problems such as trade, the structure of the police force, the energy supply and, in particular, allowing the many internally displaced people to have a home again.
This is a country, however, which needs, inter alia, to speed up its reform of the state and non-discriminatory access.
I believe, however, that this is the most important to our people.
The Social Fund, however, is mainly financing training.
These more rigorous measures may, however, have repercussions for the internal aviation market insofar as they often vary from one Member State to another.
It is, however, inevitable that when the European Parliament and the Council legislate, Member States' ability to act in isolation at international level is therefore limited.
As regards the last question from Mr Rübig, however, the directive on public service obligations leaves local authorities the freedom to decide whether or not to call for tenders.
The Holodomor has something important to teach us, however: the sacrifice of so many has not been in vain.
Out of those same tragedies and catastrophes, however, sprung forth the democracies of Europe and, in the last fifty years, a season of peace has been built on those ruins, a peace that we have a duty to defend, and to carry beyond the borders of the Union: fifty years of peace that have been the greatest achievement of a united Europe.
I remain hopeful, however, that this does not apply to all members on the left of this House.
10 years later, however, a tragedy of the same nature befell the Poles in what was then eastern Poland, albeit on a lesser scale.
That is why we have to be truly unbiased, however painful that might be politically for us.
We cannot, however, forget the sacrifice of so many innocent victims.
In order to reach an agreement, however, I abandoned this position, although at the next review I would like to examine this element as well.
Following the discussion in your presence yesterday, however, filled as it was with high emotion and with the powerful words of Commissioner Tajani, nobody could be in any doubt as to what name to give this appalling act which destroyed ten million people.
I do, however, support the new priorities in the areas of climate change and energy.
The United States has, however, indicated that, for a transitional period, it is prepared to accept financial reports prepared on the basis of the IFRS in the version adopted in the framework of Regulation EC No. 1606/2002 without requiring them to be adjusted.
There is, however, another question which I believe has not been sufficiently covered and which raises major concerns.
It is regrettable, however, that it has not taken the Ukrainian Parliament's lead and described this mass crime as a genocide.
Today however, we have to admit that this historical opportunity has been missed.
Even at this stage, however, it is very important to raise the issue, because we must bear in mind that every such process begins with the violation of democratic rights.
The reports we have gathered are, however, damning: damning for the soldiers, in various rebel factions on the ground; damning, too, for the government forces which, instead of protecting the population, represent a threat to them; damning, even, for the UN, which is incapable of guaranteeing the protection of civilians.
I would, however, like to make a few comments, although I will be repeating what previous speakers, including Mr Kelam, have said.
If all the Members of this House raise their voices, however, and are joined by those in other countries, then the citizens of countries enduring repression will realise it is worth telling the truth and standing up to such regimes.
I would, however, just like to add that we have no intention of weakening or postponing the environmental objectives for the car industry.
This very topic was, however, given plenty of air time on the Belgian TV channel VRT that evening, so it seems that it had been leaked.
It is now time, however, particularly following the very welcome meeting between the two prime ministers, Mr Fico and Mr Gyurcsány, to arrange matters so that the two countries can resolve their problems together in peace, and not give radicals a platform.
We also, however, need the Member States to show the necessary discipline, otherwise the euro may find itself in difficulties over the long term, and nobody wants that.
This entirely understandable enthusiasm for the new formation of the G7 does, however, cause problems concerning the external representation of the Euro Zone.
The most important consideration, however, is the external representation of the Euro Zone.
According to the law of large numbers, however, the persistent differences in gross hourly rates of pay are not explainable.
The European Parliament, however, has in its hands only one instrument - legislation.
The Commission Communication of July 2007 stated that Community laws were effective in eliminating direct discrimination - in other words in cases where the remuneration for the same work is lower for women than for their male colleagues. They were, however, less effective in ensuring adherence to the principle of equal pay for work of equal value.
We aim to introduce specific penalties, bearing in mind, however, that preventive action and measures are also required; we need positive action and integration, therefore mainstreaming.
The long history of this legislation clearly suggests, however, that it is not very effective in its current form.
Evidence suggests, however, that these differences play a relatively minor part in the persistence of GPG.
Their closure would lead, however, to thousands of job losses, in particular at Greece's borders.
The revised version of the Disaster Relief Fund, however, provides a clear response to this.
It cannot be said, however, that promptness and efficiency characterise the Council when it comes to formulating a common stand.
The fact is, however, that the quota system expires in 2015.
I am, however, open to finding a solution that is less complicated than what we have suggested.
It is a good thing that, however timidly, we are now attempting to deal with this problem.
This being so, I call for this to be revised and for aid to be granted to farmers, however small their farms may be.
I still believe, however, that the issue of the second pillar of the CAP is an essential one since rural territories need to rely on agricultural activity in order to develop employment in rural areas.
Such instruments must, however, always take into account the extreme variety of agricultural circumstances in Europe.
My role as an MEP, however, shows the lack of transparency in the application of the common agricultural policy (CAP).
I am sorry, however, and it is the only reservation I will mention, that the economic and social criteria are not accompanied more by ecological considerations, since 'sustainability' must become the hallmark of our agricultural policy.
What is missing, however, is education for schoolchildren and the older generation and we will not manage this without public funding.
If the intercepted material is truly useless, however, and the request unfounded and downright unnecessary, then why should the European Parliament have to decide 'not to authorise the use of the telephone interceptions in question and not to waive the immunity of Massimo D'Alema', as the report proposes?
I think however that this Expert Group on Financial Education should have clear responsibilities and powers.
There are, however, two points which must be raised.
High consumption of fruit and vegetables, however, would reduce the risk of contracting serious diseases and would prevent children becoming overweight and obese.
The Bauer report is not one we can support, however, as the request for a new legislative proposal on equal pay is based on Article 141(3) of the EC Treaty which is covered by the Conservative Party's pledge to opt out of the Social Chapter.
First of all, however, I should like to return to the assessment of the Washington summit, which was also given by Mr Jouyet on behalf of the French Presidency.
We are concerned by one aspect, however, of the European Union and the G20's response.
We are talking about a joint long-term investment strategy to achieve the aims of energy efficiency and an environmental shift in the economy, reductions in CO2, with an enhanced role for the European Investment Bank, which ought to be, however, consistent in its decisions on who and what to finance.
Above and beyond these substantive differences, however, which do count for something, I can see that very little remains of the solemn statements on the rethinking of capitalism in the rather modest and fairly disappointing outcome of this G20, for which Europe also bears some responsibility.
The present crisis, however, must not distract us from the other priorities of our work programme, which, in fact, are also priority responses to the challenge of globalisation.
There is, however, one domain, Mr Barroso, in which your Commission has been particularly unsuccessful in that respect, namely the authorisation procedures for genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
As is often said, however, one crisis invariably conceals another; unless we wish to be taken unawares by the next crisis too, the programme for 2009 must be able, as President Barroso seemed to indicate that it will be, to respond to the challenges confronting us.
One thing is, however, certain: all the regulations envisaged by the G20 will remain as just many words if tax havens remain inviolable.
Some still argue, however, that soft regulations should be the lynchpin of the new system.
In spite of these commendable features of the law governing foundations, however, there is still a need to resolve the numerous difficulties that religious communities and minorities continue to experience, particularly as regards their legal status and, I must stress, their property rights.
It is appropriate, however, to provide the best possible information and to allow continuation of the usual publication methods, which are still needed, especially in the printed press.
The lack of liquidity and crisis of confidence that accompanied the international financial crisis has, however, greatly shaken the finances of those States that rely on foreign credit, and the speculative attacks on national currencies further contributed to this turbulence.
I also support, however, the opinion of the European Parliament that there is no need to create a special process allowing the Commission to revise this limit outside the usual decision-making procedures.
On the other hand, however, I must defend Hungary over the fact that the new rules for financial markets must not allow excessive flow of liquidity from subsidiary banks to parent banks and that a sufficient level of supervision must be maintained over national central banks.
The biggest problem remains, however, one of access to the populations in some areas where there is continuing fighting between the Congolese Armed Forces, their Mai-Mai allies and the FDLR, on the one hand and the CNDP on the other, as no party is respecting the ceasefire.
For years, however, Washington has focused its interest on the Great Lakes region, particularly by supporting Uganda and Rwanda.
This time, however, we have the responsibility, in view of the serious nature of the crisis, to ensure that words are followed by deeds.
Throughout the world, however, the automotive industry is making considerable efforts to tackle the crisis and is trying to find the foundations for new growth.
The measures have not yet been implemented, however, and they, too, require high levels of investment and will make vehicles more expensive.
The problem at Opel is, however, not one caused by management error, poor production or bad quality cars.
The European Commission, however, is currently fighting against this protective instrument.
Our action should, however - and I am just finishing - be selective, combine strategy with urgency, and should encourage, both through more attractive loans and support for demand, a selective repositioning towards more environmentally sustainable production.
For more than ten years, however, we have been alerting the automobile industry of the consequences of CO2 emissions on public health.
Let me make it clear to everyone, however, exactly what that means - these credits are at interest rates that are perhaps around 1% below standard market rates.
That, however, is not a solution to VW's problems or those of other car factories.
Even on this, however, we have encountered certain areas of difficulty.
At the same time, however, these individual regulations concern a minimum number of what one might call privileged legal immigrants.
I am especially pleased, however, that we are dealing with this matter alongside the Gaubert report on the single permit for residence and work, so that we can avoid even the appearance of opening Europe's doors just to highly qualified workers.
Making the EU a more enticing place to work in should not be allowed to happen, however, at the expense of developing countries.
There also needs to be active continued development of higher education in Europe, however, even if it is easy to acquire trained and educated people from elsewhere.
Before I end, I would very much like to mention the fact, however, that the EU's labour market is not fully open yet to workers from the new Member States.
As you know, however, a number of Member States have yet to take such a decision.
This, however, is like using Beelzebub to cast out the Devil.
We will, however, do all that we can to cover your question during this round.
No time was deducted, however, from the other question periods.
There are, however, also some Member States which have succeeded in changing Europe's negative demographic trend.
There are also tasks, however, which ought to be carried out at the European Union level.
New technology and innovation have, however, succeeded in establishing new services to help the ageing population and which can be exploited throughout the Union.
In the long term, however, this does not solve the specific problem of an ageing population.
That figure is, however, expected to rise owing to that under-reporting.
The Commission, however, has had the temerity to turn a blind eye to this.
Something can actually be done, however, because we are the Parliament.
Of course, however, this should be possible when completed.
There are other cost groups, however, where achieving an accuracy of within 2% can be difficult.
The question is, however, whether such rules should be horizontal and cover all environmental inspections or whether they should be sectoral and apply to specific installations or activities.
The Commission proposal, which was insubstantial to start with, has, however, been pared down considerably by the European Parliament.
Parliament, however, nipped this proposal in the bud by tightening up the conditions for migration considerably.
As underlined by our parliamentary group, the aim of the 'single application procedure' is to harmonise procedures and immigrants' rights; in certain fundamental aspects, however, it will restrict these rather than reinforce them.
Nevertheless, we should realise that it is possible, since the situation in Somalia makes various things possible, however unacceptable or unimaginable they may be.
Parliament's resolution, however, is important for Aisha, and so our group is prepared to adopt it.
Where we can take a stand, however, is by asserting our own values, which are incompatible with Sharia law.
Normally these debates are conducted in a bipartisan fashion. This debate, however, is simply another example of pandering to anti-Israeli hostility and sentiments, particularly on the other side of the House.
Fellow Members, today, however, our thoughts go above all to the victims of the attacks in India and to their families.
It is precisely for those reasons, however, that we believe that Parliament has to take a stand, Mr President, in the first instance by means of a resolution.
We are of course aware, however, of the difficulty of our task.
At the same time, however, we must retain this ambition.
Parliament, however, cannot have a common position on this issue.
We do however need time to change our energy management systems and are counting on the solidarity of the entire European Union on this matter.
They will be obliged however to invest the same amount in infrastructures and in policies for supporting those experiencing social hardship and the production system.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this financial crisis is certainly unprecedented; however, in my view, this could have been and ought to have been predicted and avoided.
Each, however, must demonstrate their sense of responsibility.
There is a third possibility, however, which has been given unanimous support and which we intend to use.
It is also a fact, however, that the Commission is not forcing anyone to do that.
Secondly, we should then develop a strategy with the Roma which must, however, comprise two parts.
Yes, an overwhelming section of Roma are poor and do not have access to shelter and adequate education, however these problems do not apply only to them.
The Commission, however, cannot pretend that it is able to represent the Member States in this area, as this would be not only ineffective but also unfair.
I am not, however, specifically criticising Israel; far from it!
I get the impression, however, that all of this is hindering regional development and perhaps even the peace process.
This report, however, must contain clarity and commitments from both sides.
Firstly, in a debate about our cooperation with Israel, in which human rights and the humanitarian problems of the Palestinians are rightly discussed, it should not, however, be forgotten that we have a particular responsibility towards Israel.
The other thing is that however small these initiatives may be, there are a number of things in them which enable us to promote bilateral and trilateral projects.
Beyond this, however, we must also make certain that the late payments directive is reviewed so as to relieve businesses' cash flow problems.
The ends will justify the means; however, it requires effort and courage.
We can say, however, that this action plan is a genuine response to the urgency of the situation.
I would simply like to say, however, to conclude, that above all SMEs must not be ghettoised, in other words the SME regulations we introduce must not be so singular that they end up forming a handicap.
Unfortunately, however, I have many concerns relating to implementation of the Charter for Small Enterprises.
Therefore, as I already said, simple appeals based only on morality, however vocal, will not suffice.
We have, however, been dealt with without even being listened to, dismissed, given no opportunity for a meeting.
The imperfections of the real world, however, did not stop you from achieving the goal that you had set yourself, with, may I say, the help of the Committee on Development and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament.
I do not agree, however, with the European Commission's proposal to use funds reserved for agriculture and I hope that the Council will oppose this and will reach a compromise on this funding.
Subsequently, however, when he described the conventional measures, he put forward four that in principle are not bad.
There is also a second important issue, which was not given sufficient prominence in the Commissioner's address: what can the Commission, together with its subordinate agencies, such as the Directorate General for Taxation and Customs Union, and the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF), actually do, in place of the frequently bureaucratic explanation along the lines of however much effort we make, so far it has produced no results?
Those proposals, however, are not precisely the ones that we are debating here.
The latter should not, however, act in isolation.
As a result, however, I wish to ask a follow-up question.
It is my opinion, however, that they fail to take a very important resource into due consideration, namely women.
It is true that women and children are most often the victims in these conflicts, however women must be given the same opportunities and be given an equal chance in order also to be able to fight, to actively participate in social and political life, to manage and to stabilise society.
Several difficult issues are, however, still being discussed within the Council, and between the Council and Parliament.
That means, however, failing to understand that what we do not do today will cost us dearly in the future in terms of productivity and competitiveness.
Above all, however, our task is to reassure the citizens about their future and to secure their support regarding Europe's strategic options in the medium term.
Among these is the Italian Government, which has estimated almost doubled costs, without, however, backing up its estimates with any convincing evidence.
Instead of handling this subject with transparency, however, every effort is being made to secure support for this vitally important package by bypassing Parliament's usual democratic procedures.
In my view, however, it is quite ridiculous to extol nuclear energy as environmentally friendly in this situation.
Interregional differences, however, need to be taken into greater consideration.
We know, however, that there is still much to be done.
We have been discussing one problem for far too long, however ever less time remains for it to be resolved.
· Mandatory implementation of an alternative option, however without negative effects on the environment; ensuring safeguards in the use of atomic energy which also needs to be given a chance; I state this as well, in my capacity as a representative of Bulgaria, which has its own contribution in this process;
Romania also feels that a review clause is absolutely essential in 2014, without however raising a question mark over the 20% (or 10%) reduction targets, simply in order to facilitate possible adjustments to the mechanisms, based on the specific conditions during the relevant period (which cannot be predicted just now).
I would, however, like to make the following three points:
It is more worrying still, however, to have many fine words spoken but few tangible, effective measures put in place at international level.
While we should welcome this Court of Auditors' special report, its conclusions are worrying in many respects, particularly in the light of the observations that Regulation (EC) No 1798/2003 on administrative cooperation in the field of value added tax is not an effective administrative cooperation tool, given that several Member States are standing in the way of its implementation and that the Commission's role is limited. It is vital, however, that the Commission starts infringement proceedings against Member States that delay the transfer of information.
I would like, however, to mention one concern.
I am not the one who can ensure success, however; it is the Council who must take the decision.
You can rest assured, however, that my colleagues and I have been giving of our best.
Unfortunately, however, we are constantly receiving most alarming news about the persecution of Christians in India.
Unfortunately, however, the situation has not been monitored simultaneously in several states.
In my case, however, things were quite different.
A jester was asked to leave, however, if a lord wished to discuss serious matters.
I think, however, that we must look at the realities of the situation.
In my view, however, it is a task of fundamental importance.
We, however, believe that the starting point is that this is working time.
I suspect, however, that we might have to go to conciliation but I also suspect that the Council will not move.
We shall not, however, be voting in favour of making the British opt-out a general derogation in the European Union.
For a long time, however, citizens throughout Europe have been getting the feeling that it is the EU and the business community who have been coming together against the people.
In all this, however, it holds that agreements are a matter for the two sides of industry.
At the same time, however, and this is even worse, these particular proposals are designed to impose mediaeval working conditions in keeping with the specifications and dictates of economic neoliberalism.
In the Middle Ages, however, they respected Sunday as a day off.
I would ask you to bear in mind, however, that the Working Time Directive applies not only to doctors but also to a wide variety of other professions, and on-call duty keeps workers occupied to a widely varying degree.
We are all aware, however, that the current Working Time Directive is in need of certain amendments.
We have, however, come round to the common position.
We cannot, however, accept a regulation that would permit 60-65, and in extreme cases even 70-72 hours of work per week.
The old directive, however, is no longer up to the job and we now have justifiably higher demands.
In our view, however, these rights are an integral part of the modelling of all industrial relations.
The Commission is, however, quite willing to ensure - because it is the right thing to do, as Parliament wishes - that the applicable standards are improved and modernised.
It will certainly increase the cost of their production, however, and this will impact negatively on the toy manufacturing sector in many Member States.
The European Directive on the safety of toys (88/378/EEC), however, dates from 1988 and is thus no longer up to today's challenges.
Polish scientists estimate, however, that the package will cost at least PLN 500 billion.
A question was put, however, about the method of determining the figure of one million.
I would like, however, to mention that it is up to the coastal regions to select the best projects for improving the competitiveness of their economy and for supporting sustainable tourism at a local level.
Promoting traditional coastal tourism however remains a priority.
A certain form of protection is, however, provided by Directive 2006/114/EC on comparative and misleading advertising.
I would like to take the opportunity, however, to emphasise Morocco's repeated violation of human rights and failure to respect international obligations in relation to the Sahrawi issue.
It is worth emphasising the fact, however, that for the moment this agreement should constitute a starting point and that, for the complete liberalisation of the air transport sector with India, we will have to await the implementation of the measures currently laid down.
We regret, however, that other amendments were rejected, such as:
We must recognise, however, that it is not enough to have a strategy for tourism in coastal zones consisting of the maximum common denominator of the two global strategies mentioned.
This choice, however, is only made on the basis of an individual standpoint and so is only just objective.
Europe made its presence felt, without, however, getting involved in an aggressive policy in our Russian neighbours' backyard.
It is, however, up to me to discuss, to talk about and to assess your Presidency of the European Union, and the assessment is not bad at all.
It is, however, on climate change that you may be more harshly judged.
Some priorities, however, remain pending, and we hope that they can be resolved in cooperation with the troika and the next Presidency.
Technocracy, however, is not about having technical knowledge; it is about never putting any feeling into it.
When you speak as you did to me, however, you are not a European because outrageous behaviour is not European, because outrageous behaviour is the very opposite of Europe.
I would like to say one thing, however, which is that, having spoken about Germany which supported us and about the United Kingdom, I was glad of the support from Italy, which was not all that obvious on the climate change and energy package. The President of the Commission will correct me, if necessary.
Would it not be dictatorial, however, for one country alone to impose on 26 others a situation, a policy that they do not want?
Nobody then suspected, however, that Mr Kaczyński would allow himself to be swayed by the citizens of Ireland rather than by his brother.
At the same time, however, while not wishing to offend anyone, I must say that the Franco-German axis cannot be of the same order in a Europe of 27 countries as in a Europe of six.
I am not forgetting one thing, however, which is that Germany is a federal state, while France is much more centralised, in spite of decentralisation.
Rest assured, however, that in any case Germany is not being attacked.
Let it be said also, however, that France and Germany have no more rights than the others; we have more responsibilities and these too we must bear together.
He will not, however, disappear off the European political scene, but will continue to play an important role on it.
Whether we are working on the climate and energy package, economic recovery or security policy, however, we must all apply ourselves in a coordinated way to these efforts, and 'we' means both the institutions and citizens.
I would like, however, to talk about external relations, and in doing so I am also addressing the new Minister for European Affairs.
One cannot, however, deny the historic change in direction represented by the climate issue.
It now has the means to assume its environmental responsibilities without, however, sacrificing its economy.
Secondly, it reflects the contribution that each country, however small or large it might be, ought to make within the Commission.
I do believe, however, that efficiency can be achieved in some other way.
The lack of social equilibrium, however, is posing a serious problem for Europe.
On the other hand, however, we should not underestimate our willingness to help the Irish people, because, in the end, the choice will remain in the hands of the Irish people.
In Europe, however, this mixture of social decline and fear has always opened the door to fascism.'
I am very well aware, however, that such incendiarists do exist.
The Committee on Agriculture considers that biomass and biogas have a crucial role among renewable energy sources; however, in the case of biomass, it is unacceptable if it involves the destruction of forests or the removal of land that is suited for the production of food.
After the summit, however, the Union's glass is now full to the brim.
The proposed objectives must, however, take account of social as well as environmental sustainability, and thus, if you will, the sustainability of all aspects of our manufacturing industries.
I regret, however, that the 2014 review clause has been kept.
We cannot, however, overlook the food crisis related to this.
We are, however, still on the right road and I believe that we have done some good work.
In the end, however, a balanced agreement has been reached.
What this really relates to, however, is CO2 policy and sustainability policy in this world.
This does not mean it will be a walk in the park, however, because this package will nonetheless cause a considerable increase in countrywide system costs.
Our group had a significant influence on the outcome, though that was not visible in the position adopted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. It is now visible, however, in the Council's position and in the end result.
Experience has shown, however, that the environment does not reward unilateral determination and climatic Puritanism, because it does not bring results.
I have to say, however, that I am not completely happy.
We can divide it into environmental targets - where there has been no change and which will be achieved as planned - and all other matters, including auctioning or whether investments can be made in countries outside the European Union, on which certain changes have been made without, however, altering the basic architecture of the package or the environmental targets.
The observance of quotas, however, will lay a great burden on both new and old EU countries.
Our happiness would be more complete, however, if the agreement had not turned into yet another reminder of double standards and inconsistency.
This is offset, however, by the fact that this directive does allow CO2 to be pumped into the ground in order to recover more gas and oil, a process known as enhanced oil recovery.
At the same time, however, we must not overlook the potential risks involved in CCS.
For it to be successful, however, it is essential to convince the countries responsible for most of the damage to adopt it.
We must not forget, however, that in the interests of protecting the environment and limiting climate change, we will ultimately have to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
A strong industry lobby, however, has significantly weakened the original Commission proposal, which I regret.
The constant rise in the number of motor vehicles means, however, that the positive effects are still not making themselves felt very strongly.
The Commission is, however, committed to the aims of its Better Regulation initiative and the need for proposals to be underpinned by a comprehensive assessment of the impacts and benefits.
I have to say, however, that subsequently, bearing in mind that there were other more important dossiers, we did have some problems when it came to understanding the motives of the Legal Service.
The third pillar is about to expire, however, since the Treaty of Lisbon (ratified by the Member States, which are now dragging their feet in the Council) aims to eliminate the third pillar.
The irresponsible behaviour of those who get behind the wheel is, however, unfortunately not limited to any one country, so it is crucial that we examine this proposal for a directive, which attempts to discourage car drivers from committing road traffic offences wherever they may be, with the aim of halving the number of deaths on the road by 2010.
Since 2005, however, the number of victims of fatal road accidents has not fallen as it should.
The fact is, however, that Mr Borloo was very tired.
Regarding the financial collateral directive and the notifications, I could have wished that all the Member States had already abolished the notification requirements, which in my view only add bureaucracy and do not advance any particular objective; however, as I learned that this issue was extremely sensitive to some Member States I am quite satisfied that we got a review clause written in.
The second important element was to ensure that the way in which the systems linked together did not in itself create autonomous systems. Once again, the position adopted by Parliament is a reasonable position which allows this link to be ensured without, however, giving it an autonomy that we did not want to create through this text.
We do not, however, want to see the establishment of a monopoly; therefore we believe that in the report presented, conditions have been created to flexibly form a cooperation agreement for various systems and to introduce new links.
It is, however, necessary to enshrine the measures implemented in relation to deposit guarantee schemes in one European directive.
Let us not focus on the past, however, but rather look to the future and to the proposal that is now on the table.
I should, however, like to make three points.
What was not at all strange or disconcerting, however, was how the Council team behaved at the conciliation meeting.
Firstly, there must be no revision, however small, under any circumstances.
First of all, however, the Council needs a common position.
Food security is also very important, however, especially these days, not to mention defending the borders of the Schengen zone and preventing illegal immigration.
The European budget, however, is characterised by promising everything and not investing sufficient funds in implementation procedures, with the willingness of each of the Member States.
All this must also be reflected in the European budget, however, which is why new priorities are necessary.
Everything we are hearing from the Commission at present - that is, every couple of months - indicates, however, that internal logic is showing that we need a revision of the European budget to demonstrate to the public that we have indeed understood, that we want to change things, that we need new priorities, that we want to spend more on research and development, and that we need new propulsion technologies.
All these years of mutual familiarity also tell us, however, that the agreement on basics this year falls short of those basics that we ought to be able to demand under normal circumstances.
After all, in this time of crisis and increasing euroscepticism, sound functioning of the cohesion policy and proper use of European funds can enable us to restore confidence and foster the sense of involvement among European citizens if they feel part of the process, provided, however, that we can improve the visibility and better explain the benefits of this policy, where it is implemented.
The European Council, however, has just proposed adopting virtually the very same position and, indeed, the very real need for simplification and greater efficiency needs emphasising.
The police did not allow this, however, as the visitors were wearing red jackets.
On the other hand, however, civil society also uses the new technology and the platform that the internet provides to actively promote a fairer judicial system and a more just society, and to investigate and expose the real China.
As a matter of principle, however, we should never make concessions when human rights are in danger.
Certain Western European countries, however, have, to a large extent, increased these emissions even in the early 2000s.
I did, however, also support the Council's proposals on active and inactive on-call time.
Quite apart from the ethical arguments, however, it is also economically insane at a time like this to be imposing additional costs on Europe's economies.
From 2019, however, the fine envisaged is EUR 95 from the first gram of CO2 by which the limit value is exceeded.
We must prevent job losses caused by industries relocating to regions that are less concerned with reducing emissions without, however, undermining the purpose of the directive.
For my region, Brandenburg, however, the present text means enshrining unfair competition with Central and Eastern European countries and greater energy price rises than are necessary to meet the climate protection targets.
Everything is still open, however, and we will now start to see confirmation of who will reap the benefits of the improvements made.
This support, however, should not be primarily an alternative to reductions on home soil, but rather should be given in addition to such reductions.
The rapporteur considers that the priority must, however, be to use it to deal with the problem of coal, which is responsible for 24% of CO2 emissions in Europe.
This will present a challenge to the European Union, bearing in mind the increased costs from the capital investment in capture and storage equipment, which will, however, fall as this equipment will be used on a large scale.
I would, however, like to make two additional points:
The Council, however, would like to make this opt-out permanent and widen it, in fact.
There is one aspect, however, that must be underlined.
European governments, however, continue to ignore this reality.
Unfortunately, however, the proposal leaves a lot to be desired.
There is one point that I would like to emphasise, however, in the little speaking time we are allowed, regarding this question of consistency.
I must say, however, that the idea of a Sakharov Prize network, for example, was developed in this report and from this study.
Since he is in prison, however, he was unable to receive it in person.
I find it interesting, however, that although racist attacks and other ethnically motivated crimes are increasing in Western and Central Europe as well, the report focuses mostly on the Balkans, that is, on south-eastern Europe.
The recommendations and the legitimate criticisms should not, however, obscure the genuine progress that the Commission and the European Union have made in promoting fundamental rights, as Mrs Yade said just now. This progress includes the recent adoption by the Council of the framework decision on racism and xenophobia and the adoption of the framework decision on the protection of data in the third pillar, even if this is regarded merely as a first step.
Let us not forget, however: protection of our fundamental rights can, in practice, vary from one individual to the next.
I would, however, like to assure you that we will never grant our consent.
From this extremely lengthy and exhaustive report, however, there seems to emerge a general criticism of the Member States with regard to violations that exist on their territories, and therefore under their control.
Our Union will only truly exist, however, when we establish, alongside the internal market and economic cooperation, a common area of freedom, security and justice; when European citizens also feel free, with their fundamental rights safeguarded, and when there is equal justice for all.
Such actions are highly commendable; however one of the most serious issues facing SMEs at this stage is the problem of defaults on loan repayments.
I would like, however, to extend the topic slightly by referring to the children who remain at home while their parents have gone off to work abroad.
That, however, does not mean that there are no price formation problems.
It does seem, however, that inflation and interest rates are inter-related.
The services sector, however, has stayed at an inflation rate that is above the price stability target, which is to remain below 2%.
Even within the euro area, however, there are divergences in current account deficits and the evolution of unit labour costs.
There is still a long way to go, however, in terms of the internal coordination of macroeconomic policies or of certain structural reforms, which go beyond budgetary coordination, and clearly a long way to go in terms of external coordination.
The indication of the place of origin is, however, required as a matter of principle in cases in which there is a danger of misleading consumers as to the real origin of food, as well as in application of special rules, such as the rules on fruit, vegetables, bovine meat, wine, honey and fish.
At the same time, however, it will create a common environment and provide a prerequisite for a common, high-quality basis and an efficient approach to training specialists.
The experiences of this year, however, show that deploying an adequate number of ships is still a problem.
In several areas, however, the final version of the report represents a backwards step in comparison with the initial approach.
Here, however, we have a problem: the production of statistics.
Given that RAPEX covers all dangerous consumer products, however, it is not necessarily the most appropriate tool for collecting information on losses caused by counterfeit products.
The information provided on the causes of physical injuries is, however, sometimes too general, and the level of detail is insufficient to establish whether the injuries were caused by counterfeit products.
I would like to summarise this briefly in one conclusion, namely that, whatever Member States or we think of the harmonisations of penalty provisions or however this takes place, we should be able to decide on the matter in question for ourselves.
I think that Parliament's clear message to the Commission and the Council when they continue their negotiations is that, however the vote goes tomorrow, we will clearly state that personal use that is not for profit must not be treated as a crime.
As we all know, however, there is a small provision in the Treaty - Article 192 - which grants Parliament the right to ask the Commission to draw up a proposal for legislation.
I am well aware, however, that there is still more work to be done, and that is why the Commission is going to prepare a Green Paper on the authentic act and possibly on other public documents, to really have the opportunity of a broad-based consultation on this subject.
Today, an attempt is being made to have the legal and judicial systems - which are, however, by nature suspicious of one another - come closer together, recognise one another and harmonise.
It seems to me, however, that the cultural traditions of the various Member States must be respected and, above all, the safety debate must not be taken to legislative extremes that border on the ridiculous, as in this case.
The Commission points out, however, that 'taking into account the identification of excess appropriations in 13 04 02 Cohesion Fund there will be no need for fresh payment appropriations for financing the EU Solidarity Fund payments for Cyprus'.
Dangerous toys already exist, however, within the Union.
We should probably remember, however, that no amount of legislation can absolve parents of their responsibility.
At the same time, however, there will be a significant increase in the need for staff with vocational qualifications who can take up the vacancies on the labour market.
ECVET could be a valuable instrument for adapting vocational training and education to the demands of the labour market, on condition, however, that it take into account specific national and regional circumstances.
We should keep in mind, however, that there is no use in closing a few gaps allowing illegal immigrants to pass through if all the EU Member States do not react as one to denounce the Schengen Agreements and to re-establish real controls at all their borders, both on land and at sea.
What is worse, however, is that counterfeit foodstuffs, car parts, cosmetics, toys and especially medicines, also pose a real threat to the health and lives of consumers.
We must not forget however, that the traditional systems that were used before also had their merits and, therefore, I believe that if the proper balance is struck we can work together in more harmonised manner for everyone's benefit.
That does not change the fact, however, that at least as far as the European Union is concerned, our action should be focused on serious support for countries in difficulty and entirely free from hypocritical or convenient positions.
It is also important to remember, however, that the fight against poverty cannot be compatible with the persecution and harassment of people who, for one reason or another, disagree with the official line.
At the same time, however, there is also significant support in Russia for this very government, in spite of the blatant way in which it crushes all opposition.
The country's actual human rights situation, however, is poor.
I would, however, just like to add that this must be the gist of our resolution.
Fortunately, however, we made an effort to present a united front at the end.
The Lithuanian authorities, however, consider that it involves loyalty to a foreign country.
We must not forget however about another necessity: to save energy.
The French operator Eutelsat, however, has seen fit to broadcast a programme from the Al-Aqsa TV station, which has links with Hamas and openly calls for attacks on the civilian population of Israel.
We can say quite clearly yes to harmonisation, however, without restricting the laws of the Member States and we will allow them flexibility with regard to procedures in the matter of licensing.
I should like to know, however, whether the Commission will reconsider Directive 2007/52 under the aspects it has just listed.
As legislators, however, we must always seek out balance and base legislation on sound science.
It is important to bear in mind, however, that all such changes aimed at tightening up safety conditions in agriculture result in significant cost increases.
By all means let us introduce high standards for our farmers and food producers. Let us also, however, impose those same standards on importers of food from outside the Union, otherwise our efforts to raise standards will prove counterproductive.
The proposed arrangements should, however, provide for mutual recognition between Member States of certificates confirming completion of training in the use of pesticides.
The Netherlands, however, is also known for its minor crops, including tulips, onions and chicory.
At the same time, however, we request the introduction of national action plans with quantified objectives.
Let me reply, however, to some of the comments that have been made here.
There are, however, several reasons why an active substance could not be approved in the EU, and the possible risk to consumers is only one of them.
As a social-democrat MEP, I believe that we need to make sustained efforts to protect the environment, human health and animal welfare, without however compromising agricultural production.
Problems of a different nature have arisen, however, in the course of the European Parliament's work on the text of the Green Paper.
The Commission, however, feels that repeated interventions in this sector would not be in the spirit of subsidiarity.
I strongly believe however that agriculture can provide the launch pad for the recovery of the European economies affected by the global crisis and the development of renewable energy sources can have a positive impact on the agri-food sector.
The latter is a dialogue that is not defined in law. It is essential, however, and I would like it to be guided by the following principles, or rather to guide itself by them.
I have been unable to mention every part of this report. I would, however, like the content to be put to the test at the first available opportunity, namely during the 2009 European election campaign.
Neither the Commission nor Parliament can, however, single-handedly organise a Europe-wide public debate.
All of these measures have been brought to the attention of the European institutions and individual Member States, however they should not undermine or weaken our outlook and our commitment on behalf of future generations.
As regards revenue, steps must be taken to broaden the tax base, without however weakening the principle of progressive taxation, and to reduce the tax pressure on work, above all for mid to low-level salaries and pensions.
I will, however, point out that there are a couple of points where we may be in disagreement.
That, however, was not the situation we found ourselves in when we began.
The huge interest in this topic shows us however that there is still a great deal to do, especially in the area of equal treatment for men and women as regards access to employment, vocational training and promotion.
Our work in this is, however, not finished.
We still have some differences of opinion, however, on the timing of the notification procedure, because we would have liked and would still like this to be longer and more appropriate, as laid down by the Council.
A few obstacles remain, however, and it is these obstacles that are being dealt with now.
That, however, is not the end of things: the industry itself also needs to do its own homework.
It was, however, the monetary crisis in the years that followed and the currency flotation which triggered action in this area.
I would also, however, like to pay tribute to the actions of your predecessors, Mr President, the actions of my predecessors, Karl von Wogau, who is still with us, and of Christa Randzio-Plath, who is also with us today.
It must be said, however, that among our fellow citizens and until recently there were mixed perceptions of the euro.
It is not always exactly easy for the camera operators to work there; it is also, however, a problem for Members if there is a camera where we want to work.
What we can see from this global crisis, however, is that our financial systems and our economies are suffering from that market, and most important of all, real people are suffering from the crisis.
Questions associated with energy security and sustainable energy sources are, however, always on Europe's political agenda and that of the world.
Although travel by air is one of the safest means of travel, however, one can never take measures which are too safe.
Of course, one has to find a balance between civil liberties and rights and security measures; however, when it comes down to a choice one has to prioritise.
I would like to emphasise, however, that alongside instruments of economic support, initiatives which aim to integrate Balkan society with the EU are equally significant.
In undertaking its actions, however, the EU must bear in mind the membership of some of the countries in the EU and the status of the others as potential candidates for membership.
I wish to stress, however, that, in order to reach agreement with the farming lobby and the pesticides industry, we had to make a few concessions.
We remain, however, open to any positive changes in the technology in this field.
At the same time, however, it is obviously illegal to collect such identifiers if they are not necessary.
There will, however, be an absolute age limit of six years.
It is even more important, however, to provide access to documents produced within the framework of the comitology procedure, for example.
The second explanation, however, is sound and involves a difficult balancing act.
It is obvious however that the 2001 European legislation governing this right of access needs to be brought up to date.
This, however, is a task for the future.
At the same time, however, Parliament has many reasons to be satisfied.
Opinions differ, however, on the nature and extent of the change that is needed.
I do not wish to go back over the Return Directive. It has been controversial, but it does, however, provided it is properly transposed in the Member States, enable us to monitor to some extent the way in which these return policies are managed.
On reading the proposals on patient information, however, it soon becomes apparent that, one or two nuances aside, they treat medicines as if they were any other consumer product.
In its industrial application, however, it is entirely possible to protect workers and the environment when using this chemical. It is predominantly when it is sold to consumers that there are problems.
From south to north, every area has its peculiarities; however, the Convention which we adopt for ratification by the Member States provides cover in every instance and for fishermen's every need.
Just as then, however, we consider ourselves a long-standing part of the great family of proud European nations.
We need to strengthen the action taken by Frontex, which ought, however, to be coordinated with the appropriate instruments and resources, and Europe must realise that such action will be effective only if it is accompanied by policies for the readmission of illegal immigrants and funds for countries, such as mine, that have to receive illegal immigrants.
There is one fact that cannot be ignored, however, which is that the gas dispute is a political dispute.
A solution may, however, be on the point of being found; in any case the future ought to be guaranteed, in view of the dependence of many states, including my own, on such supplies.
The French Presidency which preceded you, however, was very clear, if we are talking about barriers, in wanting to define the borders of Europe, by slamming the door in the face of Turkey, most of all, and making it clear that the European Union wants to close its borders.
It will subsequently be judged, however, on the determination, personal commitment and European-mindedness with which these are implemented, and on the success rate.
It does not make sense, however, to accept a flawed regulation unquestioningly if there are some ways in which it could be improved.
These exceptions, however, should only apply when they can be justified on account of their significance in relation to security policy.
In tackling the issue of fundamental rights in the EU today we must not, however, omit to refer to the terrible events in Gaza.
The resolution, however, not only ignores the problem, but seeks to ensure it is forgotten, focusing its attention only on the 'reproductive and sexual health' of women.
With reference to point 61, however, I would like to say this.
Separate issues arise, however, in relation to this report and this debate.
The rapporteur, however, draws no distinction between these procedures.
If this resolution, which is supported by all the groups in the House - I consider this a good sign - can help improve the atmosphere, we shall have made a contribution, however small, to ending loss of life that is intolerable to all.
Beyond the words, however, the crisis remains, and there are still thousands of people - the civilian population and children - who are in desperate need of humanitarian aid.
They do not, however, explain why a people that suffered so much in the 20th century should now inflict so much suffering on another people in this one.
- (FR) Mr President, I have taken the floor so many times in this House to say that we should seize any opportunity of peace, however slight, and that, in spite of everything, we should talk to Hamas, because it won the elections, that I no longer wish to return to these subjects.
I do know, however, that this mission will require those conducting it to be completely impartial.
We have avoided inserting an equals sign, however notional, between an existing State and a terrorist movement.
I do not think we should, however, because I think the greatest test of our humanity today is to really understand the issues at hand.
This solution cannot be achieved, however, through terrorist attacks or armed actions.
Gas is flowing, however, through other transit countries.
I would not be too inclined to impose sanctions on the parties in the row, however, and I do not think that sanctions are wise.
We cannot, however; expect these developments to take place on a market basis; rather, European sources need to be made available based on common European interests.
This common energy policy cannot, however, be shaped in Brussels, if Member States are not motivated by common interest, but instead conclude bilateral agreements on terms that are favourable only to them.
Quality of life also means, however, healthy food.
At the same time, however, we still condemn the fact political prisoners freed over the past years have not had their full rights restored, and one protesting student was unlawfully arrested during his pre-trial period.
This, however, will not be a one-way street.
On the other hand, however, members of the opposition are being re-arrested, and many of the released prisoners have had their rights restricted.
I do not, however, believe that the time has come to start dialogue between this parliament and that of Belarus.
There are, however, problems to which we must not turn a blind eye.
This is, however, only the beginning, as Naša Vjasna, which has a human rights agenda, and several other organisations devoted to the development of democracy also await registration.
Change is on its way, however, albeit very slowly.
The road still to be travelled is, however, not just long, but extremely long.
At the same time, however, there must be reconciliation on both sides, which can be done only by consistently reappraising the events.
What I remember most clearly and will never forget, however, is the indescribable feeling of loneliness when you finally realise that your own misfortune, desperation and agony has been played out on an open stage, that the world had seen how we were suffering, but that no one had prevented it.
In these cases, however, special bedded units with access to water have been designed so that the animals can be transported in relative comfort.
As part of this activity, however, particular attention must be focused on the care given to the animals used for scientific or other experimental purposes.
As this is such an important matter, however, I will mention that these countries were Cyprus, Lithuania, Malta, Bulgaria and Luxembourg.
We have decided to support this resolution, however, as - following yesterday's lengthy discussion - we believe that it is right and vital to adopt it now, and that it is necessary for us, for the European Parliament as an institution, to send out such signals.
One thing is quite certain, however, and that is that when violence escalates such that it does not even spare schools and kindergartens, it is a matter not for regret, but for condemnation in the strongest terms.
In the current circumstances, however, nobody wants to listen to such voices.
The primary aim of the report is, however, to illustrate how discrimination and harassment can still destroy people's chances in life and prospects of empowerment.
Although gender equality is a fundamental right in the European Union, official statistics show, however, that differences still exist in terms of employment rate, especially in those countries which have recently joined the European Union.
These circumstances, however, do not make the deaths in Gaza any less tragic.
I do believe, however, that the resolution put forward by the European People's Party fulfils our obligation to defend human rights much better.
One thing is certain, however: things cannot get worse than they have been for the last few decades, during which Europe and the rest of the world were happy just to sit back, watch and enjoy the benefits of the mineral exploitation of Guinea.
I welcome, however, President Kibaki's recent move to revise this media law and his gesture to consider amendments to legislation proposed by members of the media.
The solutions are difficult, however, let us not prejudge them and dismiss them outright, as the Commission has unfortunately signalled.
The lives of the children of Augustów are, however, being accorded less importance than the well-being of birds.
It would appear, however, that some people need to hear this message again.
Now, however, the world's economy is in a very deep crisis.
At this point, however, I believe that more than financial support, this sector, like other industrial sectors, requires rules, and requires, as has already been pointed out, genuine reciprocity.
We also proposed that this debate should include the participation of the Council and be concluded with a resolution by this Parliament; however, these proposals did not have the support of other parliamentary groups.
I have written to my colleagues in Russia and Ukraine asking how we should proceed with monitoring in the future, because in my opinion, if we trust the deal and if it is stable, then no monitoring is needed now; however, the monitors are currently there.
The bottom line, however, is that our objectives will be difficult to achieve without investments in the infrastructure of energy networks and further liberalisation of the internal market.
Where the report is untenable, however, is in its call to the Commission to draw up a specific road map for nuclear investments.
I am, however, confused with regard to certain aspects, perhaps due to excessive reliance on the Commission's assessments.
It would be advisable, however, for the feasibility of these measures to avoid, in addition to potential distortions, excessively cumbersome procedures.
If we take a look at this review, however, we have to conclude that it is all very much rooted in the past.
We do, however, also have our own energy sources.
In the face of countries engaging in capricious politics, however, an enormous country like Russia can easily assert its will.
We consider the European Commission's decision to redirect a portion of unused EU funds to energy infrastructures a good one. What is less positive, however, is that the most vulnerable Member States are to receive a smaller portion of the financing for their infrastructure than they had wished.
We are not, however, saying to people in these countries that they can do it whenever they like: time is running out.
In Europe, however, wilderness makes up only 1% of the entire territory.
Do not worry, however, we will have those concerned follow up this matter.
To achieve this goal, however, the Europe Union must extend the use of Community funds earmarked for financing wilderness conservation activities.
It is also a very diversified sector. The regulations need to be adapted to this specific nature, without, however, compromising safety or security.
In order to facilitate further reform a basic European data collection system should, however, be created for general and business aviation.
The continuing growth in business aviation, however, is clogging up the airports in use more and more.
We are, however, generally very much in favour of this report and look forward to its further progress.
We should, however, exercise caution when it comes to prescribing detailed sentences for this abuse at European level.
We have, however, succeeded in introducing a rule allowing Member States to apply more favourable measures to immigrants regarding the issuing of residence permits.
The Commission can, however, support this compromise without hesitation.
We are, however, only interested in legal residence and legal employment.
This does not, however, mean that the directive is only about penalising employers.
The fact that Russia is our main source of gas supply cannot, however, be allowed to mean that it can receive special treatment.
It is disappointing, however, that, despite such unanimity, several Member States have not attained the same level of criminalisation of this abuse of children.
In the long term, however, I would criticise the unwillingness of the Commission and the Council to reach agreement with the USA on basic common ethical principles for science and research.
It is, however, important to map wilderness areas according to forest, fresh water and marine wilderness.
This, however, is not recognised when calculating the goods and services that make up the GDP of a country.
In fine, the text talks rightly about recognition by society, about including all wealth creation, however invisible, in the national figures, about freedom of choice, and even about the granting of personal rights to social security and pensions to those who choose to dedicate themselves to the family rather than to a career.
In this case, however, I believe we can make a difference acting together.
This does not mean, however, that we should ignore the dangers associated with this technology.
It is worrying, however, that not all Member States have conformed to the prescriptions of Council Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA of 22 December 2003.
I am, however, pleased with this positive attitude, which will hopefully end the human rights violations to which these people have been exposed.
Today, however, it is not enough to welcome President Obama's decision.
For this reason, we believe that providing some help in closing Guantánamo and assuming our collective responsibility, as Europe and the 27 Member States that it comprises, would be a contribution, however small, to atone for our collective silence.
Pursuant to this same regulation, however, it will still be possible to kidnap terrorists and hold them for short periods in transit countries.
I can, however, assure my fellow Member, who is no longer present, that Portugal and the Socialist Government of Portugal do not feel guilty.
It is true, however, that initial responsibility lies with the United States.
I am well aware, however, that some of you find this directive insufficient.
All this, of course, constitutes acts of legal barbarism which, however, are measured by the numbers offered to us by newspapers.
I would, however, say to Mrs Frassoni that there is probably an error, as the European Return Fund cannot be used, in any case, for registration of the Roma.
The Defence Directive does, however, offer alternatives to offsets.
Being on that committee, however, you will know that this was a very hot topic in negotiations between Norway and some Member States.
The Union may, however, adopt measures on some issues within its powers which have a positive effect on the situation of individuals belonging to minorities.
The European Parliament, however, is paradoxically not devoting any attention to the problems of the Slovak, German, Serbian and other beleaguered minorities in Hungary.
At European Union level, however, it is very important that double standards not be applied.
There is no problem, however, because all European Union Member States are also members of the Council of Europe, an organisation which is well-equipped and well-experienced to address that issue.
In practice, however, the issue is often exploited in actions aimed at spreading revisionism across Europe and calling borders into question.
They may not, however, create their own special areas to which they transfer the law of their countries of origin.
When a survey was conducted recently, however, in late 2008, among people who had not become naturalised, 74% did not wish to obtain Latvian citizenship.
As citizens, however, we are all responsible for a third, including as a result of mobility and all that entails, and industry is also responsible for a third.
As the title of the report suggests, however, we are looking at the long term in this debate.
I would, however, like to focus on the content.
I would, however, ask my fellow Members to consider the inclusion of an amendment that I have tabled on the relationship between climate change and water.
Around 10% of global greenhouse gases are produced in agriculture, most of which, however, are gases of natural origin, such as methane.
Such increased awareness, however, needs to be accompanied by strong economic incentives for business to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the goods and services they provide.
Unfortunately, however, I cannot agree with the theories expressed in Mr Florenz's report.
In this connection, we would, however, like to emphasise that the revenues from the trade in emissions allowances should accrue to the Member States.
Once again the European Union is benefiting from a case based on Community law (first pillar) in order to extend its competences with regard to the harmonisation of the criminal law of the Member States, with the notable exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom however, who have exercised their opt out recognised by the treaties.
One year ago, the independence of Kosovo was declared unilaterally by Priština in blatant contempt of the sovereignty of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, whose sovereignty and territorial integrity had however been reaffirmed by UN Security Council Resolution 1244.
It is something that can be put off, however, as, of course, a European car can always last another year.
Twenty per cent, however, is still a very high figure, and when you compare this with the numbers of people employed by this industry, we are talking about more than 400 000 jobs.
One thing that is possible, however - and I would welcome this warmly - is for such scrapping premiums to be linked to environmental targets.
I agree with you, however, that we should make an effort ahead of the Competition Council next spring to maximise coordination, at least on principles, for example linking scrapping schemes to specific emissions targets.
Of course, we live in the real world, however, and following a 5% fall in vehicle production over the last year, the industry is expecting a further 15% fall in 2009.
By and large, however, the motor industry's banks have been left out.
The most serious consequence, however, was the loss of 11 lives across Spain as a result of falling masonry and accidents caused by the fierce gusts of wind.
If this factory is not entitled to compensation under the EU support scheme, however, there is real danger that it will not be able to continue operating.
They were sold it by a licensed company and, as far as they were concerned, it was recycled light fuel oil they bought; they accept, however, that they were given transformer oil which caused the dioxins.
I would like to take this opportunity, however, to express our heartfelt sympathy and condolences to the families of all those who lost their lives.
Let us, however, be clear. No reconstruction - yet another one - can take place before a lasting ceasefire has been called.
The basic precondition for this, however, is to be talking with Hamas, that those amongst the Palestinian people who want to talk with Hamas be supported and that they not be forced onto the defensive by a government in Jerusalem that knows only the politics of continuing the settlements.
It should, however, be up to those who do the damage to pay.
In any case, however, one thing is sure: a military solution is no solution.
Of particular importance, however, is the information for the European Parliament.
The Commission could, however, improve transparency and, hence, democratic scrutiny in the field of the common foreign and security policy, by informing Parliament of internal transfers in good time.
When I look at things from a historical perspective, however, everything looks different, and Mr Solana, in fact, deserves a great deal of praise in this regard.
We must ensure, however, that there is equally rapid development and change in relation to threats and crises of whatever kind.
I should like to say in particular, however, that 60 years of NATO have meant 60 years of peace and freedom for my generation: this should be noted.
I do not, however, share the view that it would be a problem if not all of the Member States of the EU were members of NATO.
The problem is, however, that when the telephone rings, Mr Solana has to know what to say.
These essential but short-term measures cannot, however, take the place of a comprehensive approach to terrorism and of increasing diplomatic pressure on countries such as Pakistan.
(FR) Madam President, however much friendship we feel for the rapporteurs, Mr Vatanen and Mr von Wogau, we are unable to approve their reports.
Today, however, this dreadful communist system has collapsed and the Warsaw Pact has been dissolved.
What will always be the same, however, is people's desire for security and stability, for a strong Union and for disarmament, particularly nuclear disarmament.
At the same time, however, I consider that this is the right time for us to confirm the role of the UN Security Council as the basic guarantor of international peace and security.
Let us allow some time to pass, however, and just see how NATO develops.
The European Union, while directing its attention to building common military instruments, such as Eurocorps, the European Air Transport Fleet and the permanent EU Operations Headquarters, must not, however, forget about other threats which are no less important.
Much depends, however, on the policies that the new Israeli Government formed after the elections will adopt.
These agreements should, however, be based - and I believe it is very important to emphasise this - on the principle of subsidiarity.
The objectives are certainly noble: environment, energy, the fight against desertification, immigration, etc. We must not, however, just descend into a disconnected list that would only lead to disappointments on the other side of the Mediterranean.
However, we urge this House to prevent our representatives, when visiting third countries, from making statements that violate current local legislation and especially that insult a head of state, however worthy of criticism he might be.
Today, as we stand at the threshold of negotiations over a new agreement, we can, however, say only one thing - Russia is a challenge for security in our common neighbourhood.
It cannot, however, be a justification for inequality in the distribution of financial means.
The present crisis in Europe is, however, an evident manifestation of the incoherence of the principles of cooperation within the framework of neighbourhood policy.
At the same time, however, it is never enough, because there are huge necessities and challenges.
I should like to make it clear, however, that non-ODA actions are also relevant to a country's development: it is only the choice of legal basis that is in dispute.
I was happy, however, with the comment made by Mairead McGuinness, to the effect that she needed to be convinced.
The Union's current legal basis for development cooperation, however, is flawed in terms of legislation, and that is why I would like to thank the rapporteur for raising what is an important issue.
The main goal of such projects is not, however, to foster economic development and prosperity in the developing countries, and they do not therefore meet the criteria for official development aid as set by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
When this is finished, however, we will certainly, as for any other infrastructure, finance the grants.
So far, however, the Commission has received very few complaints concerning the implementation of this directive.
We should not forget, however, that the most important preventive mental health work is always the responsibility of educators and agencies outside the family and home.
It is, however, clear that Parliament is very much in favour of energy efficiency.
At the same time, however, I think that we could have handled the matter better in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, which was responsible for the report.
Let us, however, come back to the matter in hand.
As regards the supply of alcoholic beverages, however, the existing regulations should remain in place.
There is no doubt, however, that the tax system and the VAT rate should be drawn up in accordance with the principles of the freedom, independence and sovereignty of the Member States.
The proposal in question is, however, aimed at extending the application of reduced VAT rates to a variety of services, including labour-intensive services, restaurants, locally-supplied services, construction and transfer of housing, and services provided for the disadvantaged.
At the same time, however, potential adverse effects, such as the introduction of lower rates to promote free competition within the internal market, or a decrease in budgetary revenue, should be taken into account.
In my opinion, however, they are of absolutely fundamental importance for the development of the European integration project.
In less developed countries, however, and I am thinking of Romania too when I say this, limited resources and the complexity of the technical and organisational aspects present a major difficulty in terms of creating a European Research Infrastructure.
There are, however, a number of recommendations for new European measures in this report which we are unable to accept.
I also agree that the social economy should however engage with continually evolving market developments, in order to come up with effective strategies to meet its objectives.
Unfortunately, however, often the legislation adopted by the European Community is not sufficiently publicised in Italy.
In this directive, however, liability is limited to the first subcontractor level, which is something that we do not consider acceptable.
In times of crisis, however, we need to pay particular attention to who gets the ever scarcer jobs in order to prevent social discrepancies from arising as well.
At the same time, however, we must not interpret this report as meaning that the EU's borders are going to be closed.
In order to provide better support for the different types of wines, not only traditional types but also those referred to in the present report, we need however simple, flexible regulations which comply with European principles for promoting quality.
I am afraid, however, that this good news may have its roots in the crisis; the fall in the spending power of Europeans and especially the imminence of the European elections.
In view of the current economic crisis, there may, however, be more of a need in other EU Member States to utilise the instrument of VAT as one element of their national crisis packages and thus strengthen employment in sectors that have been badly affected.
To date however, as you are well aware, no response has been received to these questionnaires, even after written reminders were sent.
Saying this does, however, correspond to an idea of European responsibility.
In my opinion, however, the answers given in this report were not good ones and they left the root of the problem unresolved.
Strengthening the European Union's military credibility is, however, indispensable.
While, on the one hand, assistance and a neighbourhood approach by the EU may act as a stimulus for the dissemination and implementation of good practice, it is, however, true that it is vital for this assistance and the financial aid granted by the EU to be conditional.
On this point, I agree with my fellow Member in believing that sectoral and general budget support under the ENPI should be made available only to governments which are able to implement it in a transparent, effective and accountable manner and where it constitutes a real incentive; for this very reason, however, I cannot agree to a review of the ENPI as set out in his report.
This relates only to the association's list, however, not to the fund.
In the next five years, however, Iran plans to add 45 000 centrifuges to the existing 5 600.
I would like to make it clear that it is not companies that we want to support, and that there is no question of billion-euro projects; however, we expect the European Commission to take steps towards Europe's energy independence, and one symbol of this - among others - is the Nabucco project.
The European Parliament disagreed, however, and this was the background to its legislative own-initiative report under Rule 39 of the Rules of Procedure and Article 192 of the Treaty, which this House adopted by an overwhelming majority some time ago.
In the current economic situation, however, we need to point out, over and above what has been said, that there are problems with the major source of financing for small and medium-sized enterprises.
For that source continues to be credit. The increased risk sensitivity of financial institutions has meant, however, that more and more companies have difficulty accessing credit.
As Chairman of the SME intergroup I would make it quite clear, however, that the Small Business Act is just a declaration of intent by the Heads of State or Government.
Both European private company status and national private company status, however, may apply to small businesses or to large ones.
We must not, however, in doing so, allow these companies to become virtual entities, but they must exist within the context of national situations and comply with national legislation, particularly within such a delicate sphere as workers' co-determination.
Many Member States ignore this, however, including Italy, which has signed an agreement on managing migration flows with Libya, a country that does not intend to sign the Geneva Convention on refugees.
We must also, however, link asylum policy with development policy in order to preclude migration.
We are, however, to begin a study on the impacts and the possibilities for this sort of sharing at Union level.
I believe, however, that there has been a certain lack of rigour on the European Union's part in its attempts to achieve this.
What the Commission can do, however, is to foster the development of courses of this type, providing training in Community law and in the knowledge of the various legal systems.
There was one main weakness, however, in that proposal, which is that there was no provision for the selling off of tyres that did not meet the new requirements after the implementation date.
On this occasion, however, I think that this report has got the balance right, and I congratulate the rapporteur on his report.
What we have now is what we were able to achieve, however, and it represents a major step forward.
I must say, however, and I think this is extremely important, that I did not feel pressurised by anyone, nor did I feel under political pressure.
What it certainly means, however, is the end of the opportunity to abuse that room to manoeuvre and operate installations with poor emissions ratings via derogations.
I would like to point out, however, that no fewer than 60 amendments were tabled, at least a third of which were from Members of the PPE-DE Group.
There is a danger here, however, of all environmental problems being reduced to climate change; yet we face many more environmental policy challenges than this.
This reasoning is flawed, however, as the ETS not only allows exceptions for coal-fired power stations but also permits the energy-intensive industry to be compensated for increased electricity costs.
In its implementation, however, attention must be paid to ensuring that this pioneering project of the IPPC Directive does not become overloaded with bureaucracy once again, leaving Member States and businesses with an impossible job.
In this context, however, I have to mention that a number of the amendments concern provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 which the Commission did not propose to amend.
I read today in the press that our decision to publish parliamentary attendance - this has nothing to do with this report - a decision taken in this House, has, however, apparently run up against technical problems that will prevent it from being implemented before the European elections.
In the European Union, however, the reality when it comes to transparency issues is that the task we face is like trying to clear an avalanche with a shovel.
I would like to make one thing clear on behalf of my group, however, which is that we do want transparency, but the methods of achieving it must continue to be up for discussion.
I would, however, like to draw attention to the fact that the application of these rules is no surprise, even just before a vote.
We are now, however, voting on amendments which have gone through committee, which are regarded as admissible, which are substantive and which may or may not represent the view of the House.
It has come to my attention, however, that the Bureau had said in advance that certain flags may not be put up, meaning that MEPs are unable to display them on this important day.
There is an attempt here, however, to use the IPPC Directive as a back door through which to bring in parts of the soil protection directive, which we successfully fought off in the past.
It is certainly not, however, an issue where colleagues were right to complain about the actions of the President.
We cannot, however, continue to adopt separate new initiatives without a comprehensive master plan for the EU's border strategy.
I would, however, like to draw your attention to a number of important aspects that should be taken into account in future.
Having said that, however, we do not agree with certain clauses, such as those dealing with detention.
The reduction of CO2 emissions must not, however, be at the expense of the safety of the tyres, which is to say, their wet grip.
I would, however, like to express my concern that the average consumer is unaware of the difference between protected designations of origin (PDO) and protected geographical indications (PGI).
At the same time, however, we need to simplify the administrative procedures for the system of Traditional Speciality Guaranteed and offer better protection for products with a geographical indication or designation of origin.
The most pleasing aspect of our negotiations with the Council, however, is that repeated bad behaviour will be punished.
We set, however, a rather long period to ensure that voyages in domestic waters are also covered.
It is better, however, that they are there, rather than not having changed anything.
If we do nothing, however - as the Commission is well aware - road transport will increase by 55% by 2020.
I harbour certain reservations, however, about the specific amendment concerning sensitive mountain areas.
In the case of congestion, however, if the aim is to fight and reduce this phenomenon, all road users causing it must be treated in the same way without any discrimination between the various elements responsible.
It also means, however, that the likes of relief for heavy road-users, which are still in existence, need to be abolished, as what this does is give extra reward to polluters for polluting.
At the same time, however, I should like to point out that the construction of more and more high noise barriers along railway lines cannot be the solution.
I am, however, dissatisfied with certain elements and I would like to say a few words in that regard.
I do, however, recognise the need to keep accounts of these charges.
In that regard, we need to implement a prudent economic and reconstruction policy, and we must consistently push on with what we have decided in this House. This directive, however, has absolutely nothing to do with that.
I do not, however, think we need to give credence to the critical viewpoint that takes a gloomy outlook because we are in the midst of a crisis.
It should be pointed out, however, that the Commission proposal of July 2008 already provides an option for Member States to apply these reduced VAT rates on services involving the renovation, repair, alteration and maintenance of housing, places of worship and of cultural heritage, and historical monuments.
With the introduction of the export refunds, however, we should see a situation where we can increase the chances for the European Union's dairy producers to be present in the world market.
I want to refer, however, to the proposed compulsory electronic identification of sheep, which commences in January 2010, and which the Commission is determined to press ahead with despite the opposition of the Agricultural Committee members and the farming organisations.
The Commission recognises, however, that significant progress has been achieved in many Member States.
Responding to the demographic crisis, however, also involves viewing citizens on the basis of their role as parents, in other words, as mothers and fathers who have a responsibility to their families.
There is, however, one unchanging constant in all this, and that is the individual psychological needs of children.
In Qimonda, however, what we have is highly qualified workers who, through really well-chosen and specifically tailored re-training, could find new jobs in new sunrise industries.
I would also like to remind everyone, however, that no recovery plan will save the bluefin tuna until fishing capacity is reduced, starting with that of certain Community fleets, which are well-known and have been pointed out in this respect for many years.
If not, however, then next year we will have to speak another language.
Its conclusions must, however, lead to immediate and planned action by the Commission.
It is not enough, however, just to correct the errors of the past, particularly with regard to financial regulation and supervision.
The banks are not lending, however, and the bank shares have collapsed because of derivatives.
The fact, however, that hardly any country in the European Union has met this objective acts as a brake on innovation in the European Union.
For the new Member States in eastern Europe, however, with few exceptions, the international lending markets have closed their doors, there is an outflow of capital, and western European banks, which account for the majority of the market in the region, have changed the expansive lending policies they were pursuing not long ago for a more cautious approach.
In obtaining funds, however, finding co-financing may be a problem, and that may lengthen the time taken to obtain funds.
At the same time, however, the European Commission has approved enormous state aid for French car makers.
In another respect, however, we need to be united: that each Member State must increase the level of investment related directly to employment in proportion to its own capacity.
(FR) Madam President, Mr Vondra, Commissioner, Europe can do a great deal if it wants to but, to do so, it has to make the correct diagnosis: currently, however, it is under-estimating the crisis.
It needs to provide the appropriate resources: currently, however, the recovery plan is not enough.
It has to release the financial resources required: currently, however, the debate on the Eurobonds is at a standstill; it must be relaunched.
I hope, however, that the Council will adopt a plan to support energy interconnections between countries so that a future gas crisis will be mitigated in its effects.
It turns out, however, that this is not true, and that it is a bluff.
Intervention measures by the state must, however, be temporary, after which competition regulations must be strictly complied with.
The EU funds made available must be used for top priority projects and be distributed fairly among Member States, taking into account, however, any special cases.
At the same time, however, we must closely analyse the beneficial effects which aid like this can have with regard to using labour, bearing in mind the situations where this aid is more than necessary.
Accounting for a third of the EU budget without being a crisis management instrument, the Cohesion Policy is, however, the largest source of investment in the real economy, offering a huge opportunity, especially for permanently disadvantaged regions.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am, of course, going to tell Mr Nassauer that he is quite correct. Sometimes, however, for democracy's sake, one has to be able to cross the lines a little.
We should not, however, use methods which are, in fact, another way of taxing enterprises.
Adopting extreme measures with regard to Roma communities could however exacerbate the already terrible situation for these minorities and undermine opportunities for integration and social inclusion.
The Jarzembowski report, however, would weaken the Commission proposals.
Our amendments were not accepted, however, as a result of which this report has no added value for the Commission proposals.
Despite containing positive elements, Elisa Ferreira's report on the European Economic Recovery Plan suffers from the same problems as the plan itself: it depicts the situation without having properly set out a real understanding of the causes of the current crisis; it lists the initiatives required to restore the confidence of economic operators without, however, having identified to date any evidence of this effect; and it offers little in terms of European mobilisation.
The information technology, however, has to be in place.
For this to happen, however, further efforts are necessary.
This is a purely humanitarian issue and does not diminish in value however many times we repeat it.
Almost 30 years later, however, Macedonia naturally wants to join the European Union and share those same benefits.
What it also needs, however, is a modicum of international respect, including the right to its own identity and recognition of its own language and culture.
After all, the administration of justice alone - however good - does not yet lead to reconciliation, and this is desperately needed so that the men and women of the Western Balkans can finally start building on their future.
In a few areas, however, precisely these economies of scale - for example, in the case of rare diseases - can benefit the patients and systems alike.
We are, however, being stretched on the basis of the present Treaty texts to tackle these problems.
In my contacts with people in the sector, however, they were also keen to point out the relationship between working as a health worker and the Working Time Directive.
We have to recognise, however, that weaknesses exist between those different levels, most notably in weaker countries where the provision of basic services is not a strong priority.
It is worth remembering, however, that according to estimates of the World Health Organisation, one sixth of the Earth's population, that is to say, over one billion people, do not have access to water which meets basic, minimal standards of cleanliness.
As Mr Ribeiro e Castro has already said, however, the facts are that, on average, every day 6 000 children die from diseases caused by a lack of water.
We are well aware, however, that the giant private interests want to take possession of this right.
The aforesaid memorandum did, however, outline a proposal for a world agency, which is repeated in one of the amendments that I will support with my vote.
Before this migration can take effect, however, the sensitive problem, the sensitive issue of multilateral interchange fees, needs to be resolved.
I should also like, however, to speak to my fellow Members from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, because I believe, ladies and gentlemen, that we must appeal to wisdom.
This is not just a regional initiative, however: it should be seen as an all-European project.
Despite the economic boom of recent years, however, this is not the best time for Latin America in terms of its integration.
Based on our European experience, however, that will be more difficult if there is no integration.
In recent years, however, Brazil's role in world affairs has changed for the better and the country has shown itself to be a key partner for Europe.
Unfortunately, however, the economic development and accumulation of wealth in Brazil did not translate into the eradication of poverty.
There are other risks, however, which we must not forget.
Above all, however, the most worrying factor is the liberalising obsession shown by certain governments, which is embedded in certain attitudes in this context.
A country like Brazil, however, should instead work with us to develop renewable technologies and energy savings: that is the way forward for that country.
While I therefore welcome the proposed initiatives to increase trade and investments between the Union and Brazil, I do however wonder what improvement is possible as regards legal and environmental collaboration, the recognition of human rights and protection against organised crime often exported to the Union - these areas are just as important.
It is in the name of these values, speaking of his 'Chinese brothers', that the Dalai Lama has asked - forcefully, however - for legitimate and tangible autonomy for Tibet, recalling the torture and terrible suffering of his people and his land.
Mr Wiersma also said that there is no place in the EU for an Islamist Turkey; however, 20 years ago Turkish Islamists blew up coaches in Bulgaria, carrying women and children.
Agriculture offers the best method for halting this phenomenon as long, however, as the pedoclimatic features are respected in the process.
We regret, however, that we were not able to vote in favour of the progress report on Turkey voted today.
Let us not forget, however, that many other war criminals have not yet been tried.
The proposals presented by the rapporteur, however, are based entirely on the idea that the EU should play a leading role in the Member States' aid policy.
Secondly, however, there is also a need for a political response.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say very quickly that we deplore all the horrors of Darfur and that we all demand that everything be done to ensure that the associations and NGOs, who have a crucial role to play in these cases, can continue their work and are not expelled. I would, however, like to put a question to the Commissioner.
Last week, the government accepted a legislative amendment concerning the national language which, according to the government, does not affect the minorities' language use; however, the bill itself suggests otherwise.
If this practice spreads, however, it will gnaw away at the credibility of parliamentary democracy in this House.
This time, however, democracy won, because the biggest groups found common ground and the result achieved has the genuine support of the majority.
Historically-oriented policy is not, however, the only reason for Europe's involvement in development-related problems.
It is worrying, however, that little progress has been made in most of these areas.
A number of doubts emerged back in 2007, however, regarding funding.
We got an additional billion, however it was spread over three years instead of two. Fortunately though, the projects are moving forward and their implementation is progressing in a positive way.
For the sake of the viability of the markets and consumer protection, however, it is crucial to use legislation to establish the key responsibilities of contractors and subcontractors.
Historically, artistic studies were linked to education during the earlier years. Today, however, the lifelong learning approach and the development of new information and communication technologies (ICTs) have expanded the area traditionally devoted to art and culture, and have generated new forms of access and display for the sector.
The problem, however, is that often there is no one who can competently explain the Commission's position, and therefore only the opinion of its opponents is heard.
At the end of the day, however, the citizens of Europe must have a clear idea of the direction which the European process is to take.
As a consequence of these changes, however, the question arises as to whether this separation has actually led to more effective use of the available funding.
Linking the second pillar to cohesion policy measures would, however, require the close coordination of activities at national level.
Level of income and access to public goods, however, remain the biggest challenge to territorial cohesion, and these objectives can be most effectively met by supporting non-agricultural activities in rural areas.
Rural development should not, however, drain resources intended for direct payments to farmers.
The aim of coordination should, however, be to create synergies in the use of funds.
The greatest price for this, however, will be paid by rural areas in the most backward regions of the new Member States.
I do not feel, however, that I can support a situation where funds are raised via modulation for redistribution back through the regional development authority.
The solution, however, is not 'everyone for themselves' but a more European approach to the problems.
It must however follow the polycentric development of the European Union as a whole, taking account of the characteristics of each region while preserving their diversity.
The Green Paper on territorial cohesion entitled 'Turning territorial diversity into strength' launches a broad consultation with regional and local authorities, associations, NGOs and civil society with the aim of promoting a common understanding of this new concept, along with its implications for the EU's future regional policy, without however offering a definition of 'territorial cohesion'.
When introducing loans of this kind, however, a few important issues need to be borne in mind.
As part of these financial transfers, in 2008 alone the European Commission sent a total of PLN 19.3 billion to Poland. Specific features of the implementation of these programmes mean, however, that most of the payments will be made in the final years of the programmes, that is 2013-2015.
We voted for an alternative resolution, however, in preference to the original report.
On the whole, however, I think we can agree that microcredit is a great thing to help entrepreneurs in poorer countries.
Undoubtedly, the crisis has affected almost all the countries, however, especially on the difficult times as now; all the developed countries must act together and look further from narrow national interests, as the lives of millions of people are literally depending on our actions and our future behaviour.
The JPA's agenda has above all, however, been marked by a single political priority, that of Economic Partnership Agreements or EPAs.
We have, however, chosen to interpret these points as unfortunate wordings with good intentions, such as the prevention of desertification.
This is counterbalanced, however, by Parliament's introduction of the regulation of nanoparticles and thus the application of the precautionary principle.
Unofficially, however, I accept that it is still widely practiced, even in Nigeria.
This integration, however, should be an instrument for delivering benefits not a measure that could be restrictive, and this element needs to be carefully monitored.
I feel that Mr Becsey's report is innovative because it brings this issue back to the discussion table, however from a new angle, going outside the banking system to identify solutions to the current financial deadlock.
You know only too well, however, that without a substantial financial commitment, Copenhagen is destined to fail and, with it, our ambitions to govern climate change, too.
I hope, however, that even after the party politics has subsided, we will remember three things.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (EL) Mr President, the report welcomes the activity of the two banks, without however mentioning their responsibility for and contribution to the capitalist crisis.
The report calls, however, for vigilance with regard to the use made of EIB loans by commercial banks, and for a code of conduct between the commercial banks and the EIB in this respect.
Bureaucracy and the fact that it is on the increase, however, are a real danger.
The bottom line, however, is that the state, including the EU, should not intervene in the economy.
On behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, I would however call on the Commission to make available financial resources, in particular, and logically the funds for the trans-European networks, but also contributions from the European Investment Bank, to finance all common flagship projects aimed at improving European air navigation.
In relation to the discriminatory and unlawful payments, however, that Russia collects from European Union carriers for flights over Siberia, we were unfortunately not able to provide the European Commission with a mechanism that would make its position in the talks with Russia on this point adequate.
There are, however, a few areas where I would seek a little bit of clarification.
Amendment 44 tabled by Mr Marinescu and others is important, because it changes the basis from the weight of the aircraft to the runway length of 800 m. I wonder, however, if the Commissioner or Mr Marinescu could, when summing up, give me an assurance that the definition of 'open to public use' is properly explained so that there is no ambiguity as to the actual definition of public use.
Thus faced with a crisis of this kind, we are however capable of introducing cost-cutting standards.
I think, however, that I could not have done this job alone, in any way at all.
It appears, however, that for a fairly narrow field such as mobile phone chargers, enough has not been done.
Unfortunately we could not get a first-reading agreement, so in July 2008 I asked Parliament to endorse my report; however, during the French Presidency we were able to make sufficient progress for me to be able to recommend adopting this compromise at second reading.
It can also be approached, however, from the point of view of food safety, consumers, health and the environment: in other words, on the basis of the welfare of the European citizen.
In accordance with the Commission's intentions, however, foods prepared with nanotechnologies do fall within the scope of novel foods.
With feed, however, there is a gaping loophole, which makes it possible to bring genetically modified feed to our dining tables.
There is, however, more to be done in order to tackle the problem of stored ozone-depleting substances.
So CFCs started to be replaced with HCFCs, for example, which were a lot less harmful to the ozone layer. As is often the way with solutions to environmental problems, however, another aspect to the problem emerged.
Before that, however, I would like to comment on the Tripartite Summit with the social partners which preceded the Council meeting.
In my opinion, however, you are here as the President-in-Office of the European Council, which is why I fail to understand your comment about obstruction by the social democrats.
There is still a very separate issue, however: you must ultimately tell us on what basis you wish to proceed.
In order to be able to speak with one voice, however, we have to ensure that we do not jeopardise our achievements internally, that the internal market really does remain an internal market without internal protectionism and that we reinforce the single currency.
I do not, however, share the Council's view that progress in the implementation of the European economic stimulus programme accepted last December is satisfactory.
In order to do so, however, we urgently need to agree on the development of a global carbon dioxide market, on financial compensation for developing countries, on technological support and on capacity building, as well as clarifying at last the principles of burden-sharing among Member States.
- (ES) Mr President, President of the Commission, I will begin by expressing my concern that the Summit on Employment, to be held in May, has been replaced by a troika meeting, however open this may be.
What particularly disturbs me, however, is that we are once again dealing with a report here that explicitly makes reference to the Treaty of Lisbon, a treaty that was rendered void by the referendum in Ireland.
My biggest concern, however, is for heading 4, which has been chronically underfinanced for many years.
In this respect, the Commission has put forward a package of proposals, some elements of which could be improved, however, for example guaranteeing functional independence for the national surveillance authorities and enhancing the involvement of all parties.
I am not certain, however, that the system in question can resolve this issue, and for that reason I will not vote for or against it.
I believe that the development of a genuine regional and intraregional market in these countries is important in order to create the conditions for sustainable growth that is not wholly dependent on external aid: however, this agreement does not generate the necessary prerequisites for this to happen, given that in many cases the measures planned foresee very little involvement of the authorities and the local private sector.
I do, however, intend to keep an extremely close eye on its implementation.
In order to exploit that potential, however, governments must force and assist car-makers to invest in innovation.
Our cooperation should, however, be pragmatic - we should admit that America represents a different, but equally valid, model of democracy, and exercise moderation when giving advice about international law, the International Criminal Court or the death sentence.
Starting right now, however, we must realise that if we wish to earn respect and appear on the United States' radar we must also reform our own way of operating.
It seems that the end of the Cold War and the indefinite, one would hope, postponement of a possible great conflict in Europe still requires, however, that this principle should not be discredited.
We are also, however, seeing a 'reconstruction' and 'recovery' of the bridges between Europe and the United States which had in the last decade suffered damage.
Recent years, however, have also entailed a rift between civil societies on either side of the Atlantic.
It turns out, however, that this has not happened.
I think that in this connection we should, however, maintain some kind of dialogue.
The Belarusian authorities must, however, be aware that the time allowed for this experiment is limited, and that we are not going to wait with our proposals indefinitely.
On the cost side, however, there is undoubtedly a cynical abuse of our good will in order to lend credibility to undemocratic rule.
We did not reject rapprochement, but our conditions were also unambiguous; today, however, the situation has changed significantly.
We also know, however, how difficult it is express condemnation for the Communist regime equal to that for other totalitarian regimes.
Any kind of relativisation, however - and I do not want to politicise here - any kind of relativisation is extremely dangerous.
Unfortunately, however, in the vast world of cyberspace, cultural material is not adequately protected.
Mr President, I am fascinated on a daily basis by how fantastic a tool the Internet is, but, however much the EU might contest it, a global network of computers is not a European one.
There always remains, however, a question about details.
In the Partido Popular, we are in favour of combating the bad practices and methods in use in relation to the scrapping of ships and we therefore support Mr Blokland's motion for a resolution; there are, however, certain points that worry us.
It ought to be the future international agreement on the scrapping of ships, however, that defines the details of its application.
I would like to remind the Commission, however, that the United States devotes nothing more and nothing less than 67% of its agricultural budget to food programmes for the most disadvantaged, which also has the add-on benefit of preferentially helping its farmers and cattlemen.
The Commission proposal can and must, however, be improved.
I do not agree, however, with the co-financing percentages proposed in certain amendments, because they could lead some Member States to limit their participation in the programme.
I abstained on this report, however, because I find changes in this scheme do not really make sense.
We always have to remember, however, that when we speak of freedom of expression, that also incorporates a responsibility.
Having examined it, however, I am forced to make a few more critical remarks.
Contrary to the main thrust of this report, however, I do not believe that this should mean replacing the strong links between the United States and individual member states (Britain in particular) with an 'EU-US partnership'.
On the other hand, however, it opens up a wide range of criminal activity.
Internet crime has proliferated, however, and the Internet has become a favoured tool of criminal networks, given that it is easily accessible, cheap and very powerful.
I would, however, like to express some general points and reactions.
This would not, however, mean that such harmonisation leads to less cultural diversity.
I am sure, however, that by the end of our Presidency we will have greater clarity on what both sides want the new agreement to cover.
Given that negotiations are ongoing, it would not be appropriate to give you the details here. I can, however, assure you that we will seek to obtain substantial provisions on strengthening dialogue on the international scene, on the fight against terrorism, on arms control, disarmament and non-proliferation, on human rights, democracy and the rule of law, on crisis management and on civil protection.
Let us not forget, however, that concluding a partnership agreement also means being partners ourselves.
Since we in Europe have values to defend, however, we also discuss common values and human rights with this neighbour.
This can only be realistic, however, if Russia for its part demonstrates a constructive, responsible and cooperative behaviour.
This must not, however, permit us to depart from our principles and values.
I strongly feel, however, that some kind of mechanism or common approach is needed to complement the existing framework of EU-Russia relations.
One thing is very clear to me, however, and that is that Europe will not change its values at the request of Russia or any other country.
In light of how important the EU and Russia are to each other, this agreement must not, however, remain simply an act of political will; we must also be able to ensure that it is implemented.
At the same time, however, we should remember that partnership with Russia is a very important issue for the European Union and the whole of Europe.
We have a responsibility towards all our European citizens, however, we cannot let Europe turn into Animal Farm: 'All Europeans are equal, but some Europeans are more equal than others'.
This proposal for a directive remains, however, a delicate and controversial subject.
Going further, while this directive, or proposal for a directive, includes many good things, there are, however, several places where it goes too far.
I will never, however, be able with a clear conscience to vote against a directive that prohibits discrimination between people irrespective of their religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation.
In any case, however, we worked together on exactly the same text and now he is opposed to it!
I have the impression, however, that an attempt is being made to latch on to this established movement in order to impose discrimination against the family founded on marriage between a man and a woman and against religious freedom, especially as concerns religious schools.
They may not, however, refer to the new directive in order to justify lowering existing standards.
There is as yet, however, no overview of those regulations that have been transposed so as to make it possible to determine the need for new regulations that has been claimed.
In order to achieve integration, however, society must invest in training, awareness and the promotion of good practices, in order to find a fair compromise in the benefit and interests of all of its citizens.
We were asked to deal with this as a matter of urgency, however, and we took that into account when adopting this regulation package; this House has never ducked its political responsibilities.
I concede that the committee ought, however, to give some guidelines on this matter for further activity by the Member States.
The amount of resources available will, however, require the Member States to restrict the number of recipients of assistance, and in that sense it would be sensible to be guided by the Commission's proposal, by directing these resources, first of all, to lower-income households.
In return, however, we expect the Commission to include our recommendation in its package before the summer recess.
A further important change has so far been overlooked and is called for, however. That would be to create a management and control system guaranteeing genuine liquidity across the European Union's entire economic system.
It has also been an exercise in responsibility, however, as you yourself have pointed out; and I repeat, an exercise in responsibility, since we were aware that this proposal put to us today could perhaps have been better.
After the compromise, which took more than a decade to reach, it would be difficult to reduce MEPs' salaries straight away; however, I would urge fellow Members of the European Parliament to donate part of their salaries to charity.
Regrettably, however, the visa fee is unchanged at EUR 60.
What I am advocating, however, is a clear, predictable, reasonable system.
This would be a mistake, however. For in this case, we are talking about 'foodstuffs' consumed by human beings - this is what we would like to render more secure in the interests of our citizens.
Currently, however, pupils with a migrant background in Europe face great problems.
At the same time, however, learning the language of the host country and becoming locally assimilated must not mean abandoning their own cultural heritage.
I do have one regret, however, and it is important because it concerns the initial paragraph of my report, calling for a review of the limits on emissions.
The scale of migration, however, poses many challenges for the host countries.
Aside from this, however, the Commission is working and will continue to work day to day to ensure that citizens are indeed able to exercise their civil rights, and are able to do so every day.
Unfortunately, however, this principle is not always fulfilled in reality.
It is my view, however, that all this will not in itself guarantee the success of the reform.
The European Ecolabel, however, has been languishing away for many years.
Historical research, however difficult, should be carried out in a delicate way, with due respect for the victims, but in complete freedom.
It is also, however, our obligation to prevent the recurrence of what we have discussed, using the funds at our disposal.
Free movement should, however, be considered together with regulations concerning free movement of workers and freedom to provide services.
There is as yet, however, no overview of those regulations that have been transposed so as to make it possible to determine the need for new regulations that has been claimed.
Having said that however my delegation feels that national realities and national concerns in the various Member States have to be taken into consideration (Amendment 28) before implementing the amendment.
In the European Parliament, however, the emphasis is more on how the EU implements its competences, or on content, in other words.
It is necessary, however, for the EU to ensure that its fine guiding principles and values, as set out in the EU Treaty, are also experienced by its citizens in practice.
There is, however, too much evidence that the regime's recent concessions are merely part of a cosmetic operation orchestrated by President-Dictator Lukashenko for the benefit of the outside world.
We are however deeply concerned about all direct or indirect efforts by politicians or parliaments trying to influence the general perception of historical facts.
There are, however, areas of concern about our relationship with Russia: and if we share common interests, I am not convinced that we share common values.
Several scientific studies on the matter have been published in recent years, however, none of them have provided clear evidence on possible effects of electromagnetic fields emitted by wireless technology on human health.
For this reason, I believe that it is extremely important to guarantee a high level of protection for all consumers without, however, hampering the operation of mobile telephony networks and the development of new wireless technologies.
in writing. - In principle we are in favour of this report, however certain clauses (e.g. introducing into school curricula classes taught to migrants in their native language) do not reflect the realities of certain Member States, especially in respect of influx of immigrants, financial and administrative capabilities, size of country population and many other factors.
Fortunately, however, summing this third package up as ownership unbundling would be a mistake.
It is, however, full of ideology. We have seen this again today.
Over the next 10, 15 or 20 years, however, it will certainly provide for the demand and need for energy and will provide for, and of course protect, consumers, particularly the most vulnerable ones.
The audit revealed, however, a material level of errors and found - and here we are in agreement - that a rapid improvement in the area of supervision and control is essential.
How could 480 auditors, based in Luxembourg, however competent, working with a very complex legislative environment, in 27 Member States with 23 official languages, possibly have the basis for issuing a statement each year on the legality and regularity of all underlying transactions in all spending areas?
In the meantime, however, over EUR 1 billion was lost in connection with Bulgaria and around EUR 142 million in connection with Romania.
We are interested in the management of future accessions, however, and therefore this topic remains on the agenda.
At the same time, however, the Commission has acknowledged that these agreements alone may not suffice to address the problem and other possibilities therefore need to be investigated.
For our part, however, we consider that the amendments in question should, as a matter of principle, be in keeping with the principle of subsidiarity.
Sadly, however, the painfully slow rate of progress in the Council has put paid to that idea.
The Commission cannot, however, accept the following amendments, which could be summarised as follows:
The most important argument is, however, that fishermen can indeed estimate their catches within an accuracy level of 3%.
It would, however, go against the budgetary rules to lay down in another legislative act the rates for cofinancing.
At the same time, however, I take my role here in the European Parliament seriously.
The parameters of such a derogation, however, would have to be studied in some detail and will be laid out in the implementing regulation.
I can assure you, however, that the Commission made all efforts to limit the delay of implementation on the ground, and that preparation of management structures and detailed project design were pushed ahead all through 2008.
We cannot but fail to note, however, that these changes are only a minor aspect of what is required by gender mainstreaming.
In a crisis, however, when capital flows are not as would normally be expected, it is natural that there is a need to catch up in this field and also to show consideration for countries experiencing difficulties.
On the other hand, however, the Commission must be given the task of examining the conditions required to make such measures possible in the first place.
We would like, however, to encourage the Commission and, in particular, the competition authorities to continue their work in ensuring that companies that own both generation and transmission systems play by the rules and do not abuse their positions.
I would also like to point out, however, that while we are discussing how to regulate and organise the future of immigration, tragedies are taking place - avoided, thank God, by Italy's sense of humanity and Mr Maroni's good governance - such as what might have happened in the case of the Turkish ship Pinar.
This also poses the problem of the substantial costs to be borne, which could, however, be overcome if the Community were to provide 80% co-financing, as appropriately suggested in Amendment 20.
This action does however require European coordination, while respecting national and local competences.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance joins with all the Members who have spoken before me in expressing our condolences, our strong sense of solidarity and our support for those who have suffered as a result of this great tragedy, this disaster, this natural event, which was, however, caused by a whole host of things, and I do hope that the European Union, in a visible way, will be able to make a positive contribution to this situation.
I should, however, like to ask the President and this Parliament's Bureau to take note of the Council's absence and not to leave it at that.
May I point out, however, that if we do grant discharge, we will be taking on a degree of responsibility.
This agreement, however, Mr President, is completely at odds with the principles and objectives of the internal market.
As far as cabotage is concerned, however, the proposal is downright disappointing.
It is my belief, however, that this legislation, as it is to be adopted, will not - as I said earlier - have any negative repercussions for existing agreements.
The definition of force majeure - which represents grounds for a possible refusal of transport - is put forward, and, on this issue, we have worked on a consensus amendment, which we have produced jointly. I would however remind you that in the aviation sector, today, the Court of Justice has often been obliged to take decisions due to cases of force majeure not being defined well enough.
I would argue that this time, however, the general interest should prevail, that is to say the protection of citizens' freedom and the freedom of passengers in all existing transport systems, because it would be inconsistent to protect only those who travel by air or by train, and not those who travel by boat, bus or coach.
It should be noted, however, that their popularity is also a function of the size of the budget available to each of these research areas of FP7 and, also, the number and type of signed grant agreements present in the databases at the time of such assessment.
I am, however, disappointed that the Council has failed time and again to reach any similar agreement.
This time, however, I find it difficult to follow his intentions.
I do, however, agree that 70 years is better than 95, although I do nevertheless think that the best thing to do would be to reject the entire proposal.
What I do believe, however, is that Europe can incentivise, can improve the exchange of information and best practices, and that is the essence of our proposals, which will be outlined shortly.
At the same time, however, I should like to make it abundantly clear that what many fear or believe they should fear will not happen.
Something will have to happen, however, and we will need to get things moving.
What is crucial, however, is the directive, because it will boost the development of important standards in the EU.
I will, however, be supporting the rest of the amendment and the excellent work done by my colleague Professor Antonios Trakatellis on rare diseases.
We must also point out, however, which areas of the report we particularly approved of.
We also think, however, that the Member States should retain the competence for their healthcare systems.
I have serious problems, however, with the fact that the proposal is based on the article on the internal market, which in itself indicates that economic interests come before the interests of patients.
She also made it clear, however, how important it is to go the last mile, namely a dual legal basis and a clearer and stronger rightful possibility for Member States to have prior authorisation with regard to hospital treatment.
Particularly in times of tight budgets, however, the patient must be put more at the centre of healthcare provision.
Cross-border healthcare is a fact, and patients' rights need to be protected in this regard. We must take care, however, that this does not go too far.
If the market forms the legal basis, however, you might think that it is intended to Bolkesteinise health and look after the interests of insurance companies or those who want to profit from health.
I would, however, like to draw attention to three important elements in this report.
This week, however, there are two plenary reports where the public can genuinely resonate with their content.
Putting all these positives to one side, however, we must not overlook the immense challenges that a better linking up of the national systems involves.
When it comes to implementation, however, strict attention must be paid to ensuring that better patient mobility does not lead to health tourism.
I have to say, however, on behalf of my group, that there is one amendment in Mr Trakatellis's report that goes against this fundamental aim of helping patients.
In everything we do, however, we must adhere to and retain the ethical standards of the Member States.
These amendments have, however, been declared inadmissible and therefore the fundamental change which Parliament wishes to make - in other words from an exclusive market orientation to including patients' rights - is in trouble.
I did however choose to vote against the report by Mr Gauzès today.
This positive trend, however, has not been accompanied by the protection and upholding of passengers' rights: passengers have pointed out many problems, including cancellations, overbooking, loss of luggage and delays.
The Dutch Labour Party has serious concerns, however, about the position of more minor artists who, in exchange for making a record, must forego whatever income from the recording exceeds their advance.
Within a month, however, the conference ended in failure with a subsequent loss of confidence, further economic collapse and a chain of currency devaluations through which countries sought to strengthen their own economies at the expense of others.
We must however be vigilant and not be tempted by easy solutions.
At the same time, however, in implementing these financial stimulus measures for the economy we must think not only of ourselves but also of our children and grandchildren.
It will be essential, however, as the country is increasingly feeling the negative effects of the global financial crisis, that key reform measures are not overlooked.
It is, however, history that will judge all of that.
We have, however, decided to reserve access to these procedures to manufacturers of construction products, not to importers.
Broad consensus was, however, reached on how the scope of the directive should be widened, especially in the wording of Annexes I and III.
The European Commission is introducing a major change, however, in seeking to hold suppliers acting in good faith jointly liable with importers who commit fraud.
The proposed amendments, however, could negatively affect this delicate balance.
While protecting every Member State's tax revenue, it is important however for us to ensure that joint liability only comes into play when the information supplied contains serious irregularities or there is an unjustified delay in providing it.
On this issue too, however, we have remained at a stalemate due to a certain inertia, which I hope in the future can be resolved.
I would now, however, like to mention another detail, which is important for protecting biodiversity and small-scale entrepreneurship in nature tourism in my country.
The second argument, however, pertains to the position of the people of Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, however, very little has happened in the last five years.
Since the overthrowing of Taliban, the situation in Afghanistan has improved, however in reality, there have not been many positive developments as far as human rights are concerned.
We could not, however, support this particular text, as the tone of the recitals in particular is unbalanced and overly alarmist.
We wish to make clear, however, our opposition to the creation of a European Public Prosecutor, and therefore the proposal contained in paragraph 57 of the report.
Regulation (EC) No 2560/2001 also has drawbacks, however, such as the failure to define 'corresponding payments' and the failure to include a review clause, and it is necessary to take action on these points immediately.
This, too, requires urgent scientific research, which, however, is difficult to conduct, for physical and chemical reasons.
The influence of the EU, however, and its ability to act as a mediator, supporting the reforms underway in the Balkans, will allow those states to fully meet the Copenhagen criteria and to join the EU as fully-fledged members.
At the same time, however, it notes that finding a solution to bilateral differences comes within the framework of good neighbourly relations and must be a precondition to the opening of and progress in accession negotiations.
In the meantime, however, you have left us once, while I have remained here the whole time.
While having the same right as men to a professional career, women cannot, however, do the same work as men outside the home and triple the amount within the home.
We too will insist on Amendment 14, concerning Article 6, because we believe that to make optional for the assisting spouse or life partner that which is, however, obligatory for the main worker is to lower protection and to open the door to conditions that undermine the Commission's aims.
This is frankly a secondary issue, however, to the main aim shared by everyone.
I am with those who maintain that true equality will only be achieved when we succeed in establishing adequate frameworks so that women are not discriminated against in public life or at work; also, however, when those frameworks enable and, indeed, oblige men to assume their responsibilities in the private and domestic fields.
I would like to add, however, that insurance should be a motivating factor for these people, and it should therefore be affordable.
I cannot, however, agree with the suggestion to implement compulsory paternity leave.
In all cases, however, the mother is assured protection in case of illness, even after the maternity leave has ended.
In the end, however, the Council and Parliament insisted on their differing standpoints concerning the future of exceptions and the opt-out, which could not be reconciled.
They will see that here was a directive born and bred in the early 1990s when the Socialists were the largest party in this House and when the Left was running the majority of Member State governments; that here was a directive which, however well intentioned, reflects the standard Socialist dogma that people cannot be relied upon to make their own choices about their own work/life balance, that politicians always know best and that, of course, European politicians know best of all; that here was a directive on working time that has simply never worked.
They, however, remembered what certain MEPs have forgotten.
I think that our debate has not yet ended, however, and that it is vital to keep seeking other solutions because the current situation is not satisfactory. There are several reasons why it is unsatisfactory and these reasons go beyond on-call time (which I myself regard as the most serious aspect) and beyond the opt-out, which is undoubtedly a substantial issue.
The problem was not resolved, however, and following a conciliation procedure between Parliament and the Council, the Commission was invited to weigh up the pros and cons of extending working time rules to self-employed workers and thus present a proposal in 2008.
Fourthly, one aspect where intervention is needed, however, is that of 'false self-employed drivers', that is to say drivers who are formally self-employed, but in reality are not free to organise their own working activity, because they are entirely dependent on a single company that provides their income and their orders.
Last week, however, this indignation turned to horror when I saw the position paper of the European trade unions.
There will, however, be many - including myself - who will vote in favour because, having taken that position, I feel morally obliged to do so.
Clearly, the provisions on animal experimentation must be amended, but European research must not, however, suffer negative consequences from this new legislation.
Something I have difficulty with, however, is the fact that several amendments have been tabled that could considerably weaken the proposal.
I would, however, like this directive - which we will continue to work on - not just to be adopted, but also to be embraced, by all the stakeholders.
I remain convinced, however, that the contents of Amendment 138 are absolutely laudable and should therefore...
A bad book is bad, however good the print quality or the paper.
I would also have liked to thank the Council, but I see they are not present; however, the Commissioner is here.
The telecoms package also, however, makes a major contribution to the development of democracy.
There are, however, two points that I must strongly oppose.
The truth is, however, that the people are not really represented in this Chamber.
Since the United States export only poultrymeat treated with chemical or anti-microbe substances to the EU, the Commission has, however, not honoured the resolution.
This is, however, an imperfect distinction and may open the floodgates for the interpretation of other provisions of Community law.
The good intentions of the amendments outweigh the negatives, however, and we have therefore chosen to support the amendments in their entirety.
We do not think that this is necessary, however, particularly if there is no clarity over what will happen with the treaty: we believe that either the entire Commission, including its President, should be appointed in accordance with the Treaty of Nice, or that the President and also the Commission should be appointed in accordance with the Treaty of Lisbon.
A successful Eastern Partnership, however, needs determination on our side and a positive openness.
We should be worried however, that tomorrow, the right may reject these minimum standards, in the same way that for the last five years they have rejected a directive on services of general interest.
Finally, the European Union, which promotes the concept of freedom of movement of capital, goods, services and persons, would like to globalise this economic choice, this doctrine; however this is economically and socially criminal.
I regret, however, that the PPE-DE Group has tabled an alternative resolution.
The question, however, is whether we are going too far with the amendments to the rules of the Globalisation Fund.
I think the European social model is more than just a reaction to the crisis, however serious this may be.
This consolidation should not, however, hinder competition to the extent of impairing the effective operation of the common market.
I agree with the Commission's proposals stipulating that animals must be killed only using a method which ensures immediate death or after stunning, while accepting however as an exception slaughter as part of religious rituals.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Onesta said that his report is not revolutionary, but it is however an important reform, which strengthens the rights of citizens as well as the Committee on Petitions.
I would go further, and say that anybody who has had anything to do, however little, with the work of the Committee on Petitions can see that it is a sort of 'Cinderella' in our Parliament.
I feel it is important, however, that the compensatory mechanism applied to the various headings should not jeopardise the financial package for codecided programmes, or the annual budget procedure.
I do think, however, that you can live without us parliamentarians.
I am bound to say, however, that, according to the rules of the Rural Development Fund, broadband implementation projects are mainly managed by public administrations - provinces, municipalities and mountain communities - which are, however, unable to include VAT in their accounting.
I do think, however, that the Nabucco project must be allocated a larger amount of money. It is good, nevertheless, that the importance of this project is being recognised once again through this document.
The priorities for the energy recovery package, however, are really very irritating - the fact that the Commission's original idea purely and simply to support power lines, carbon capture and storage (CCS), and offshore wind projects has not changed along the way.
Power lines and offshore wind did, of course, deserve the additional cash. The unreasonable emphasis on carbon capture and storage, however, is incomprehensible, especially as this is likely to receive considerable funding from revenue from emissions trading.
This leads to a situation in which officials can govern however they want to, and they do this in a way that suits their own interests, which are in increasing the risks enormously, and then the result is what we are seeing now.
There is still a lot of work to do, however. The newly elected European Parliament must continue this work in a committed and resolute manner in order to find a way out of the crisis on the basis of the social market economy defined in the Treaty of Lisbon and to safeguard the competitiveness of the European economy for the benefit of society against a backdrop of globalisation.
What I very much look forward to, however, is receiving information from the Commission about the political misuse of psychiatry by Beijing.
Asylum seekers, however, are not comparable to illegal immigrants.
Fair is fair, however, and, to be quite frank, I am fed up with merely hearing fine words on this matter.
I would, however, like to comment on some of the proposed amendments, which are giving some cause for concern and are worthy of particular attention.
For the Commission, however, there must be a reference indicator.
Two boats heading towards Lampedusa, carrying 130 immigrants, are currently just off Lampedusa, however Italy is refusing to go out and rescue them.
Allow me, however, to stress again the fact that greater coherence, better quality and greater consistency and solidarity are important for all Member States.
At the same time, however, I would also like to discuss another problem which is to do with networks, more specifically, the criminal activities of the networks trafficking asylum seekers.
Mr President, despite being unable to give a truly satisfactory response, I would not wish to leave unanswered the issues raised by Mr Busuttil, the Italian Members who spoke - Mr Borghezio, Mr Catania - and all the others; I wish, however, to say that the problem that we face in the Mediterranean is one that cannot concern Malta and Italy alone.
I will however raise the question again with all of the interior ministers at the next JHA Council at the start of June.
It will in certain cases, however, also apply to the negotiation and conclusion of regional agreements between more than one Member State and/or more than one third country.
This procedure, which is an exception to the rule, must, however, be subject to very specifically stated conditions relating to the scope of the mechanism and the time when it is in force.
There must be synergy between the three institutions; however, my thanks go to the European Parliament which, again this evening, has just given us a very good report.
Unfortunately, however, the decision on own resources remains with the Council.
There are, however, a few areas we should discuss further.
This is changing, however, and it is a huge step forward in the direction of a European democracy.
At the same time, however, the President of the Republic is questioning the will of the people, the view clearly expressed by the House of Deputies and the Senate.
This subject, however, leads us to reflect on something else.
In this context I would, however, like to emphasise something else which I consider to be of key importance.
The truth is that in this same decision, however, there are exemptions, to be granted by certain Member States - for the record, there are four of them - who may keep articles marketed before 2005 on the market, as well as diaphragms containing chrysotile asbestos used in production at existing electrolysis plants.
We need to move on, however, to practical action and commitments.
First of all, however, I must acknowledge that the Commission's answer to the specific questions we are asking in our resolution has been positive, for the most part.
It is, however, the crisis that prompts this urgent intervention.
Most of all, however, this speech of mine is a thank you to Mrs Hieronymi for her marvellous work.
With the passage of time, however, he did start talking about socialism.
There are, however, political solutions to these crises, but they require a change in policy.
Finally, I would like to say to you that the most important crisis which we must deal with - and which we must acknowledge, however hard that may be - is the lack of trust from our citizens.
Prime Minister, you have however shown that, in politics just as in football, a game can still turn even if substitutions are not made until it has gone into extra time.
As regards the economic crisis, the European recovery plan - I find it almost embarrassing that this is mentioned so often - is however merely a token programme to enable us to talk about European recovery planning, but it lacks any real substance.
Less welcome, however, was the chaos which the Presidency is partly responsible for leading us into.
Most important of all, however, is the fact that having the Treaty of Lisbon in place will close the chapter on an inward-looking phase of EU cooperation.
In the final event, however, membership is about sharing common values and following common rules.
Our citizens also want to know, however, that Europe is borne by ideas for the future and that our cooperation not only has a historical purpose but is also forward-looking.
The Northern Dimension has been missing in all this, however, and I hope that you will do a lot to promote it, although you made no mention of it.
I would like, however, to draw attention to three challenges.
Later, however, in the vote for the quaestors we will be able to vote for five people.
We do believe, however, that all the peoples of the world, including the Iranian people, must be entitled to choose their own leaders and to replace them when they cease to make the grade.
At the same time, however, we cannot simply move on to the business of the day.
No political intervention can be effective, however, without all of the countries of Europe uniting and acting as one.
But my main point is this: however well meaning, and even justified, criticisms of Iran made here may be, they will be exploited as war propaganda by the powerful vested interests that stand to gain from a military attack on that country.
Its attempts to overcome the Church are proving unsuccessful, however, as the number of believers is steadily increasing year on year.
I would really like to find out from the Council and the Commission, however, what tangible measures they are going to put in place in the short term.
I question, however, the legal aspects of this decision.
As the Commissioner responsible for social affairs, I do hope, however, that Magna, along with GM and New Opel, will find a European solution.
We will, however, be scrutinising the process very carefully to ensure that it is based on commercial considerations designed to sustain viable jobs and not protectionist motives.
I would ask the Commission, however, to proceed with the necessary speed.
With interruptions such as this, however, the debate becomes more interesting.
I implore you, however, to conduct your checks quickly, to consistently come to a conclusion but, given what is at stake, it is absolutely vital that this opportunity not be destroyed.
If I am honest, however, I do not believe, in view of the trends in the market, that this will be enough to secure as many jobs in the car industry in the future as we have in the industry today.
It is very much right to point out, however, that there really has been no thought put into making the sector future-ready as part of the support scheme for Opel in Germany.
Most of all, however, I would like to thank Commissioner Špidla for having spoken German, and I would like to express my heartfelt congratulations to Commissioner Kroes.
We should also be aware, however, that this Globalisation Fund is not working very well.
What has not been addressed so far, however, is dealing with this subject in the context of European and regional development.
When we look at the events more closely, however, I have great doubts about whether we are not doing exactly what we in Austria have already experienced in connection with the apparent rescue of the nationalised industry and what already happened in Germany in relation to the Holzmann company before a pivotal election.
This has been a constant request by the European Parliament, the importance of which, however, has been devalued by mistakes on the part of certain national governments. Mistakes in the design and application of pre-emptive mechanisms and preventative measures, an inability or unwillingness to impose strict legislation making reforestation of destroyed areas compulsory and a failure to make use of all of the available Community resources in order to compensate victims.
Let us be clear about one thing: unless the basic problem of the commercialisation and change in the use of land is addressed, no mechanism, however well equipped with the most up-to-date resources, will be able to stop this serious problem, which is destroying the environment and putting a price on the future of the planet in general.
Apart from that, however, fire fighting is primarily a national competence.
Europe, too, must do more, however, above all, in terms of better coordination.
It does not, however, explain environmental disasters, especially if the same phenomena recur every few years, and that is why we might need to be better prepared.
It is also possible, however, to take action at national level to deal with the prevention of floods.
In practical implementation, however, the rules of subsidiarity absolutely must be complied with.
Prevention remains vitally important, however: forests must be maintained and cleared.
Even here, however, it is not the whole industry but just a few manufacturers who are critical of the agreement.
It may be the case, however, that you have chosen to sacrifice the European car industry for the benefit of services.
There is also the other side of the coin, however, which you have not considered here, Commissioner.
More than 10 Member States in the Union, however, have said they will cut their development cooperation contributions or slow down the rate at which they are set to increase.
It is easy to point fingers at one country or other: however, we have to analyse the situation seriously and thoroughly. Otherwise we run the risk of falling prey to the absurd.
This is about a common immigration and asylum policy and, however much the British Government may lie to the British people, we know that they intend that Britain should eventually be bound by it.
I feel, however, that Portugal's application was not ambitious enough.
This is a tiny sum, however, and it is merely a palliative measure, given the severe unemployment experienced in Portugal today, particularly in those regions.
Approval has also been given, however, for EUR 3 306 750 to support 1 720 workers dismissed from 30 textile companies in Cataluña, Spain.
Today, however, you are aware of the sense of disappointment felt in these countries.
I believe, however, that our paths diverge considerably.
I would, however, like to express my concern over the programme you set out during your address which should, and I hope it will, strengthen Parliament.
This does not mean, however, that Europe is equal.
Mr Olejniczak, however, asked a series of questions about inequality in Europe.
Only with this cross-party support, however, can we, in fact, have a strong Europe and a strong Commission.
The problem is, however, that you used pretty much the same rhetoric when you came here five years ago to look for the Commission Presidency then.
The fact that there is only one candidate, however, does not appeal to me.
Why do we feel somehow embarrassed and divided, however, when asked to support your candidacy?
What I expect from you - what I hope for from you, because I would like, in the future, to respect you as President of the Commission - is not your memoirs, in however many years' time, but that you will acknowledge your responsibilities in this serious act, which casts a shadow over European values.
There is one thing in this programme, however, which is especially close to our hearts, and that is energy security.
It is clear from your programme and your speech today, however, that you want to strengthen the European Parliament's powers right away.
Today, however, I would like to focus on citizens' rights and on the citizen's Europe.
Most important of all, however, is that tomorrow we will vote in favour of your being able to establish a new Commission.
Let us be clear, however: it is not Europe, it is not the European Commission that created this financial crisis.
That, however, is not and never has been the only possible direction.
I would, however, like to say a few more words.
That is not all, however, as there is rightly a great deal of public indignation and, for that reason, too, it is very important that we show ourselves to be decisive in this regard.
There is always the risk with mechanisms like wealth taxes that someone in the global economy will turn out to be a freeloader. I think, however, that we should at least look into how relevant they might be.
In fact, however, fundamental rights are being eroded and proper public debate on them frustrated.
In this context, however, we should not forget the greatest threat at the moment to the Baltic Sea, namely the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline.
Without proper financing, however, the project will not succeed.
There is, however, one aspect of the development of the Baltic Sea region that demands urgent reconsideration.
I would, however, like to speak on the point about the Internet in your programme.
Therefore, despite the futile unrest among the divided left and the Greens, who did not, however, have a candidate to put forward, Mr Barroso was comfortably re-elected.
It does not, however, explain environmental disasters, especially if the same phenomena recur every few years.
The problem of fires itself, however, lies not in any progressive change to natural conditions, but elsewhere.
It is unfortunate, however, that Bosnia has been omitted from this package.
We want the inhabitants of Kosovo to benefit from the visa waiver; however, whatever the solution found, it must not prejudice the final arrangements concerning its status.
The Muslims, however, sadly have no neighbouring country that will give them a passport.
If this commitment is to be credible and become a reality, however, we must insist on the conditions being met.
Being a European capital of culture also entails responsibilities, however: the responsibility of promoting European culture for the best reasons and not to put it under the spotlight this year for the wrong reasons.
In formal terms, however, this must be dealt with within the legal and institutional frameworks.
The Agency, however, does not have the authority to examine the effect of national laws.
Once the recovery has picked up speed and is driven by its own momentum, however, we must ensure that our public finances are sustainable and we must establish credible plans for budget consolidation.
We believe, however, that these proposals are not enough to mitigate the serious consequences of the crisis in the sector.
The measures we propose are, however, a useful contribution for overcoming the crisis more quickly.
There are, however, two points that I want to make.
They have not, however, produced the anticipated effects because, in our view, they are not extensive enough, and there is definitely too much uncertainty about how effective their target is.
In harmony with the new Italian-Russian remix, South Stream, the energy project of that name is, however, in danger of being scrapped.
The Nabucco pipeline, however, is only the start of the solution for our common gas supply security.
The negotiations with Turkey on this topic should, however, be kept strictly separate from the country's accession negotiations.
The situation must be resolved on a systematic basis, however, through long-term management of the sector, not just through short-term support measures such as subsidies, intervention purchases and support for private storage.
We should not forget, however, that smallholders are in need of immediate help to make a basic living, whereas for larger farmers it would simply preserve or increase their profits.
For a limited time, however, I believe that this intervention is necessary and have therefore voted in favour of the rapporteur's proposal.
We must offer young people a vision of society that is open to diversity and founded on the principle of respect for others, however different they may be.
It is regrettable, however, that the compromise reached in Parliament does not include the temporary suspension of quota increases or other measures to reduce production, which would be very important in helping European farmers to face this crisis.
These are just one-off measures, however, which do not solve the basic problems of the sector, particularly those of small and medium-sized producers, for whom the situation is likely to get worse in future, given the intention that has been announced to abolish milk quotas.
The big problem, however, alongside this human catastrophe, is, of course, Taiwan's isolation.
Despite the international attention, however, there has been tighter control of the media and there are poor standards of freedom of religion.
Syrian prisons still contain, however, people such as Dr Al Labwani, Dr Al Bunni and, now, Mr Al Hassani.
In this regard, however, I would warn against turning a blind eye if in Turkey, which is in the same area as Syria, human rights are not respected in the way they should be.
It is not right, however, to exploit the situation by pointing the finger at just one set of circumstances, because anyone in Italy who logs on to the Internet, goes to a news-stand or watches the TV, can see that freedom of the press is under no threat whatsoever.
When we talk about the result of this referendum, Mr President, it is, however, about something quite different.
In this case, however, it was just a year later.
One thing is clear, however: this Europe will only be a good Europe if it is a democratic one.
The Irish 'yes' vote shows, however, that a united Europe is the only politically credible project which can bring benefits to the countries and, above all, to the citizens.
Above all, however, we must take account of the serious mistakes committed in recent years.
I myself, however, am especially pleased that the Irish referendum caused the European Union and its future to make the headlines once again.
To do this, however, we will need to continue to have an open dialogue.
I should like, however, to make two comments.
While we await the signatures of President Kaczyński and President Klaus, however, let us think about how the discussion progressed during the present reform, and let us draw conclusions from what happened.
His personal opinion does count; however, one cannot hold a whole country, as well as the whole of the European Union, hostage because of a personal political opinion.
Never before, however, has so much depended on the process of implementation.
Much depends, however, on the final arrangements that will determine the character of the new instruments, like the European External Action Service.
On 5 October, however, Captain Camara opposed the presence of a foreign peacekeeping force in the country, rejecting any kind of foreign interference in internal affairs.
We are not, however, talking about a problem affecting Spain's tuna fleet specifically, but one that affects three countries - France, Italy and Spain - that are fishing in international waters, outside Somalia's exclusive area.
For this sort of solution, however, it must be guaranteed that all parties involved pay their fair share and that it does not result in a few airlines, including low cost airlines, sitting back in comfort and letting others bear the risk.
He forgot, however, that included in that number were many thousands of personal dramas, of passengers who could not get home, to their family or to work.
The collapse of SkyEurope, however, affected not only people at airports, but also 280 000 other clients who had bought tickets.
There are, however, other kinds of situation in which airlines may stop operating or suspend their activities.
The idea has evolved, however, towards including small and medium-sized enterprises in the framework of the European company, the fruit of which is the Commission's proposal of March 2008 for a Council Regulation on the Statute for a European private company.
Let us, however, avoid such a shortcut in which we, as it were, over the heads of nation states, establish certain legislation for them.
What we are concurrently discovering, however, is that it is not only Italy that is a problem, but that a Belusconi-isation of Europe is taking place and that is very, very dangerous.
It is a pity, however, that the percentage of civil and criminal actions brought against journalists in my country by exponents of the left, such as Massimo D'Alema and Romano Prodi, is at an all-time high. Such sponsors account for up to 68% of these actions.
I would point out, however, that it is the job of this Parliament to ensure that the Treaty and the Member States' constitutions are respected.
Leaving opinions aside, however, I believe that it is worth mentioning some data already presented previously by Mr Speroni and on which we should reflect.
In certain countries, however, the Internet is filtered, and many websites, considered anti-government, are banned.
In view of the sensitivity of the issue, however, it is necessary to ensure that this cooperation operates within the bounds of the authority vested in the European Union by the founding treaty.
What I do strongly oppose, however, is the federalist tone of various amendments.
I hope that, in this way, parallel and unnecessary criminal proceedings may be prevented, without, however, leading to increased bureaucracy when dealing with cases in which more appropriate options are quickly available.
Many points in Parliament's report do, however, improve the proposal for a framework decision.
It is unfortunate, however, that the motion also stands behind the Basel II provisions which, we know from experience, have led to the flow of capital to small and medium-sized businesses practically running dry.
From the time when the forces of the Warsaw Pact invaded Czechoslovakia during the Prague Spring, we always showed solidarity with them. On this occasion, however, I cannot and must not do so, as that would be to the detriment of the European Union, my own country and any future candidate countries.
In the case of Eastern European countries, however, the need to curb the recession clashes with the duty to comply with the Maastricht criteria.
I cannot, however, support the conclusions of the rapporteur, our fellow Member, Carlos Coelho.
While we should welcome the Commission's proposal for both a decision and regulation, as we feel that this will raise the level of mutual trust between Member States which are part of an area free of any internal borders and provide high uniform standards in the specific application of the Schengen acquis, we believe, however, that it ought to be reviewed taking into account and following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
There is no question, however, that it will have a monopoly over the evaluation - we must be very clear about that.
I cannot, however, accept the fact that the role currently played by the Council should be given over as a whole to the Commission.
This agreement however, specifically excludes those who travel for work and remuneration purposes.
To do this, however, we need to have a clear idea of the outcome of the series of tests on the central system.
In any event, however, both the national systems and the central system must be fully operational before the system is launched.
The analysis and repair period made it clear, however, that SIS II was built on solid, though at times excessively complex, foundations, and that, although some efforts needed to be made, the system was repairable.
We must not, however, give up any responsibility.
Over the next 50 days, however, it is not so much in Copenhagen, but behind closed doors at the conference that the real activity will take place.
I would like, however, to once again go into the opportunity that the industrialised world in the United States and Europe has.
What is missing, however, is a reference to the need for global agreement, as has been pointed out both by the Council representatives and the Commission representative who is present here.
At present, however, money for climate policy comes mainly from development-policy funds, and that is unacceptable.
It is also a fact, however, that the temperature has hardly risen at all over the last ten years.
It would be useful, however, to take a second observation into account in order to provide orientation for our policy making, and that observation is that all societies which work in a very efficient way with their energy and resources are very successful.
To do so, however, we rich countries must be brave enough to adopt new technology and to move away from our past experience.
If one talks to all the investors, however, they keep saying the same thing: 'Yes, we are giving money, but mainly to the emerging economies.
At the same time, however, they experience the very worst repercussions.
I would, however, like to make it clear that not everything can be put down to one single extremist ideological position.
As we know, however, these countries are often the main victims of global warming, but they are not responsible for it.
The point is, however, that we cannot confine ourselves to reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of developed countries such as the USA and China.
It would appear, however, that this system of control is being applied with undue severity, which does not help to build a positive image of the unity of the European Union.
They have, however, one thing in common: that is, to provide economic comfort to balance the negative aspects of island regions.
In reality, however, the mobilisation of this fund only alleviates some of the serious consequences of the economic and financial crisis.
I do not, however, agree with strengthening the Community-based nature of this assessment by bolstering the powers of the European Commission to the detriment of the intergovernmental system which has thus far prevailed in the Schengen Evaluation Group.
The United States are ahead, however, in terms of private-sector investment in technological innovations and sustainability, which is extremely important for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and for employment.
I know that you will bring up the newly amended Globalisation Fund, and the fact that it is being used to help even more workers; however, I believe that we must do our utmost to ensure that these people's jobs are safeguarded, so that they will not need to make use of the Globalisation Fund.
When we repeat such a budgeting process year after year, however, it can lead to deformations, inaccuracies and the wasteful use of resources.
In practice, however, their idea of prioritising is to implement cuts of 7%.
Stockpiling and export refunds, however, were even being labelled as yesterday's tools two years ago.
It is not enough, however, to just spend the cash - the money must be spent on the right policy in this field.
Here, however, we will be looking at the budget.
We must be humble, however. We face substantial challenges in the region.
We agree on the objective, however, which is to strengthen democracy and human rights in Uzbekistan.
As I mentioned, however, we first require unanimity in the Council and we do not have that at present.
It is, however, entirely up to the Member States which strategy to choose, based on their specific circumstances.
I would like to point out that Article 141 Paragraph 4 of the Treaty allows Member States to adopt 'positive action measures'. The European Court of Justice, however, has interpreted this option narrowly and has prohibited the automatic adoption of such measures, requiring that each case be examined individually according to objective criteria.
The Commission, however, recognises its utmost importance and has joined the process, and is fully supporting it because of its relevance to its own modernisation agenda for higher education.
The Commission recognises, however, the importance of the issue raised by the honourable Member and supports Member States in implementing their reforms through the open method of coordination.
Since 2007, however, the Erasmus Programme has also been supporting student placements in enterprises.
This strategy is implemented in close cooperation with the Member States, who remain, however, the decision makers with respect to internal language policy.
We must be clear, however, that such support is just a drop in the ocean, in the truest sense of the expression.
I do not believe, however, that the proposed measures alone can solve the problems we are facing.
That leaves us with little choice but to welcome the Commission's initiatives, however inadequate they may seem to us.
I am, however, underwhelmed by the proposals concerning Articles 65 to 84.
A fundamental question, however, remains: what should be done about milk production and milk producers in the long term?
There is one point that I feel the need to criticise, however, which is the voluntary buy-up programme for milk quotas.
Over-regulation, however, must not be allowed to prevent growth and employment.
In relation to securing a credible immigration and asylum policy which is sustainable in the long-term, we must, however, pay close attention to the problem of illegal migration, which is a serious concern for our citizens.
I doubt, however, that the President will end his obstruction.
The Czech Republic, however, does not have a presidential system and the government can bring an action against such a president for exceeding his authority.
We must remember, however, that freedom also entails responsibility, and we in Europe need critical and transparent communications.
The Left is free to dislike the Italian Government. I do not see any reason, however, to go along with this attempt at treating the European Parliament as a tool, and with this attempt at involving our Chamber in an ongoing political fight within a Member State.
That, however, does not mean that we should deny that the problem exists at all.
Many people refer to the democratic deficit of the EU; however; given the concentration of media ownership throughout Europe, the greatest threat to real democracy are the media barons of the world.
I wanted to raise another issue, however, I recalled during the discussion when Mrs Ferrero-Waldner visited the Israeli Government during the terrible bloodshed of the Gaza war.
I wish to emphasise, however, that in order to make the European External Action Service work, we must also pay genuine attention to the small Member States and each country's special characteristics in the area of foreign and security policy.
Again, we understand, however, that Parliament has an interest in having an in-depth exchange, be it formal or be it informal, with key senior officials in the EEAS and the delegations.
The Member States, however, are in a crucial position here.
It would be naïve, however, to think that that will be enough to make US and European points of view identical in all situations, and that transatlantic relations will now be very simple.
First of all, however, trade is not really in danger.
We do, however, have key issues which can be raised in the TEC and can be dealt with as they are sufficiently upstream, to borrow your words, Commissioner.
On the other hand, however, the United States is showing greater interest in other important countries and continents than it did in the past.
Still, however, there are no reports of prison guards or police being prosecuted for abuse.
For the moment, however, in view of the lack of progress on human rights and respect for democracy and of the number of political prisoners, it is not possible for us to make any progress on this situation.
There are, however, some areas where the EU can help. One of them is in the whole area of the cross-border dimension.
There are positive elements, however: the fact that, for the time being, the virus is not mutating and the announced availability of three billion doses each year.
Efforts now should be diverted towards a political settlement, however difficult this is, and the political negotiations launched in Geneva immediately after the hostilities should be encouraged to continue.
There are, however, worrying signs of authoritarianism in Georgia.
I am doubtful, however, about the effectiveness of using quota purchasing financed from the budgets of individual Member States to solve the crisis in the milk sector.
I voted in favour of Amendment 812 of Block 3 so as not to penalise the aid for dairy farmers, however ridiculous it may be (EUR 280 million).
I regret, however, that only EUR 300 million has been allocated for the creation of a fund for the dairy farming sector.
I would highlight, however, that any decision on adjusting the salaries of Europol employees must be made unanimously by the Council.
I cannot, however, support the national milk quota buy-back scheme that the Commission also proposed and which included plans to raise a superlevy on producers exceeding quota.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the fact that the European Union's internal borders were abolished without, at the same time, and even beforehand, external border controls being strengthened and the initially envisaged security instruments, however minimal, being fully operational, presents a real problem.
Criticised by the international community, it did, however, receive domestic support because it promised a rapid transition to a civil regime with free elections.
From this year on, however, 28 September will be a day marking the massacre perpetrated against opponents by the government installed by violence in Conakry.
In all cases, however, it is vulnerable people who are targeted.
In reality, however, there are, unfortunately, still many problems that need to be resolved in the country.
Most importantly, however, the grouping did not emerge as the product of violence perpetrated against the weak by the strong as was always the case in the past.
Is it not these values, however, which do matter first and foremost and is it not, on the contrary, these values which give direction to everything else?
Fortunately, however, Parliament can give opinions and can do so openly.
The most important thing, however, is precisely respect for the treaties.
I must say, however, that I believe that what you have done, in seeking the agreement with the President of the Czech Republic, is right.
I do wonder about something, however: studying the names that are circulating - for example, Jan Peter Balkenende, David Miliband and Herman Van Rompuy, to name but three - can it be possible that no one has noticed that all three regularly attend meetings of both the Bilderberg Group and the Trilateral Commission?
At the same time, however, since there was a reference to solidarity in aspects of the management of immigrant movements, I regret the fact that this was not done under the binding solidarity clause, with its financial implications.
I think it is important to understand, however, the perspective of my committee.
I remain convinced, however, that the glass is more than half full.
They do need, however, freedom to do their work.
In some cases, however, there might be delays as far as the changes in the legal framework are concerned.
Medical science, however, still does not even fully understand the causes of the disease.
We need to remember, however, that, in addition to research, Europe needs a more extensive action programme on dementia.
The Commission should know, however, that it is conspiring with the Irish Government in a lie to pretend that the money given to bail out the banks is not State aid while, at the same time, hammering the public sector.
As soon as the benchmarks have been met, however, the visa waiver must be granted as soon as possible.
We cannot, however, allow our Eastern neighbours to be isolated.
Please note this, however: nobody makes loans without conditions, and I am not authorised to do so on behalf of you, on behalf of the Member States.
When the balance of payments facility is used, however, one should not equate - and it seems to me, from what I understood, that in some of the speeches you were trying to do so - a utilisation of budget resources (Structural Funds, Cohesion Fund, programme of another type, aid) with a loan to solve a financial problem in a country.
The situation on the ground in a country such as Latvia or Romania, however, at the moment, is more complicated than that.
This does not mean, however, that better political and social coordination is not required.
I still, however, believe that we should continue to push for a political agreement in this country.
The negotiators of the deposed President Zelaya did not establish, however, who should head the government of unity.
Scholasticism, however, is anything but a plannable process.
I am not sure, however, whether we are trying to cure the right illness.
There appears to be little interest in transparency, however - Council decisions and the appointment of presidents of the Commission take place behind closed doors.
There are very fixed rules for how much the Commission can transfer and how it is to be done - it cannot simply be done however the Commission fancies.
Unfortunately, however, it is a reality and, regrettably, we too shall have to learn to live with it.
While thinking of these changes, we must not, however, forget about their effective implementation, so that we can ensure the easiest possible transition to the new principles.
The inclusion of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania, however, is something to be rejected.
There are, however, certain areas that require reinforcement.
At the time, however, your disapproval was so much more discreet - when it existed!
I am concerned to have to point out, however, that Russia has not shown itself to be an actor guided by these values.
I think, however, that it is very important for us to now look decisively towards the future.
Nevertheless, we will have to go much further in safeguarding freedom of access to open science, to open research and to all intellectual works while, of course, bearing in mind that property rights in the areas of literature, art and research should also be safeguarded. In the coming years, however, we will almost certainly have to make further compromises.
Initially, however, the Council was not prepared to go that far.
At the same time, however, I think that the telecommunications package as a whole is still something of a hotchpotch, that it falls short of the mark and that we need clarity about which areas it applies to and those which it does not apply to.
May I stress, however, that we are well aware that a number of texts necessary for police and judicial cooperation will need to be given a new basis, thereby enabling Parliament to carry out its role as colegislator.
We should, however, consider what is least defined. We should ask ourselves what is most uncertain.
When we talk about information systems, however, we should not forget that these contain personal data, and that issues relating to the protection of such data and personal privacy are of paramount importance.
After the terrible ordeal this part of the Balkans lived through in the 1990s, shedding so much blood, the region entered a period of reconstruction which has, however, been stymied by the current economic crisis.
Serbia, however badly affected by the financial and economic crisis, is rapidly returning to political stability.
There is, however, no time to lose: global emissions have to be reduced within the next 10 years.
I say, however, that it is not enough simply to agree and to make declarations.
This growth must be green growth, however, based on a technology shift, and it must be sustainable.
I very much hope, however, that we can get this support before Copenhagen; it is a matter of urgency.
This reality should not, however, cause us to give up, because pessimism results from failing to acknowledge reality.
As we are aware of the situation and the possibilities that exist, however, I think we should concentrate on sectoral agreements that are really valid, with viable objectives.
It must be remembered, however, that many hundreds of millions of human beings in the world are going to become what one might call climate change casualties as a result of this increase.
If we want to achieve something in maritime transport and aviation, however, it is necessary to re-intensify our negotiations with the 20 Annex I states. What has taken place in aviation with ICAO has so far failed to produce any results.
In so doing, it is necessary, however, for us to also reach agreement with the IMO on joint concepts.
I cannot understand why anyone would prefer polluting, old-technology industries which, if they make a profit, do so because they do not pay the cost of pollution; however, such profits will be short-term because these industries will not be competitive.
The profits, however, will be swept up by the financial world, including the world of speculation.
I consider it unfortunate, however, that it is the EU that negotiates with our North Atlantic neighbours.
What counts, however, is the decision of the College, and here there has been effective coordination.
When it comes to matters of inclusion and integration, however, my idea is to make this the responsibility of the Social Affairs Commissioner.
We always have representatives of the Council here and they always tell us, as Presidents-in-Office of the Council, that Parliament is very important and that we must work together. When they leave that role, however, that understanding often crumbles away.
It must be said, however, that the Stockholm Programme, regrettably, is a consistent continuation of the path of constant degradation of and interference with guaranteed human rights, civil rights and freedoms that we have been pursuing since September 11, 2001.
We believe in this principle; however, we also believe in the subsidiarity principle, meaning that we are also under obligation to respect national sensitivities in the European Union's Member States.
We have Lisbon, so we - all Members here, however they vote - will have to assume our responsibility to legislate after Christmas on the things that matter to us.
I would, however, like to give three warnings that I think are important for the future.
It is not always, however, a satisfactory response, for we do not need full standardisation of criminal and civil law.
I, however, am appalled by the waffle that we have been fed.
I would like to draw attention to several matters, which are still, however, outstanding, and which are something which we must tackle in the next few years.
We do have one quantitative target, however, which has been unchanged since the year 2000. That target is to spend 3% of gross domestic product on research and development.
Just looking at the percentages, however, is a little misleading, since, after all, the absolute figures for spending on research and development in the European Union from 2000 to 2006 rose by 14.8%.
The preparatory work, however, has already made good progress and I think I can say with certainty that Parliament will be dealing with the subject of this innovation act within the next year.
It is necessary, in this regard, however, to take an even-handed view.
I am very pleased to see, however, that the new Member States - especially those that are in greatest need of catching up - are also making up ground the quickest, so that I see developments overall as positive.
I shall, however, certainly pass on the message.
The Commission does not have any enforcement powers; consumers who have purchased cross-border services can, however, complain to the European consumer centre in their home country, which should be able to help them receive redress from traders in other EU countries.
Member of the Commission. - As stated, it is up to the national authorities to enforce the relevant law and, however critical we might be vis-à-vis our European institutions, I think that we need also to bear in mind that we are acting under the principle of subsidiarity and there are certain areas where the Commission cannot take direct action.
It will not surprise you, however, when I say that not one Member State has so far managed to attain the highly successful figures I have been able to relate to you today for the EU's measures.
You will be aware, however, Mr Papastamkos, that you and I are in a minority in this regard.
The fact that tourism is now to occupy its own place in Europe's Treaties, however, will mean that tourism will gain in significance within our overall growth and employment policy.
We do have immense structural changes to deal with, however. We have enormous amounts of competition to deal with, especially from Asia.
You are absolutely right, however, to say that neighbouring countries should make arrangements so that their holidays do not always have to begin on the same day everywhere.
In any case, however, the Commission would like to state that the more advantageous approach, thereby circumventing the risk of certain technical complications in the work, is the case-by-case approach which offers better quality.
It is not up to the Commission, however, to intervene in the decision making of companies where there has been no breach of Community law.
I must, however, stress that we are only halfway there.
We also believe, however, that Irish workers should not be doubly hit by the profit and social dumping strategy of the multinational company Dell, which closed in Ireland and received support to establish itself in Poland.
The Commission, however, has also examined the subsidies given to Dell in Poland in terms of their compliance with State aid rules.
You have not examined directly, however, whether the European Structural Funds Regulation has really been complied with.
I think it right, however, to point out that rail is still one of the safest modes of transport and certainly it is the intention of my committee to do all that we can to ensure that this remains the case.
We must, however, be vigilant to ensure that this improvement continues, and we certainly cannot settle for the results already obtained.
It is important, however, that these measures are not adopted in isolation at national level, but that they are coordinated at European level in order to obtain results accepted in all Member States.
Alongside many positive elements, however, liberalisation has also brought with it a degree of poorer safety in the form of the fragmentation of individual companies, the separation of infrastructure and operations, the outsourcing of maintenance work and the leasing of materials and staff.
The crucial thing, however, is that we do not magnify and heat up conflicts that often fundamentally only exist between political powers and not between the people themselves, who get along well.
I would like to ask you, however, to reflect on the concept of a minority language, because there are languages in the Member States that are official in the European Parliament, but have fewer speakers and are less well known than some regional languages, which are therefore not official languages.
Numerically, the situation of Hungarian speakers in Slovakia is very similar to that of Welsh speakers in Wales, in excess of half a million individuals. This equates, however, to 20% of the people in Wales but less than 2% of the UK population.
Most significantly, however, the European Parliament is going to be involved in the assessment and follow up of the performance of the agencies within Europe's institutional structure.
We regret, however, that there is no one in the team who would represent Central and Eastern Europe.
Now, however, Parliament has called on them to be more explicit about actual amounts and percentages.
As regards the political chapter, however, we cannot agree with the award of the Advanced Statute by the European Union to Morocco whilst the latter continues to violate human rights.
We would stress, however, that the compensation system proposed in this report is merely a stopgap that does nothing to change the fundamental problem.
Unfortunately, however, there are sections of the resolution where this particularity is not made clear.
At the same time, however, it must be made clear that progress is needed before accession.
What is perhaps even more remarkable, however, is the fact that, in preparation for this ministerial conference, a growing number of states and international organisations, such as the African Union, have decided to step up their efforts to promote Resolution 1325, notably through the development of national action plans.
We need, however, to recognise this issue is not only a gender issue.
Having said that, however, the rehabilitation of abusive partners should also be considered in order to avoid future repetition of violence.
We must say 'yes', however, to diplomacy, 'yes' to aid to Somalia, and 'no' to unsubstantiated charges of alleged illegal fishing.
That operation is clearly inadequate, however, and must be strengthened.
Combating this phenomenon, however, requires more than soldiers and mercenaries.
I would like, however, to ask this: should we not attach at least the same importance to building the State in Somalia, because it is, in fact, a country deprived of proper rule?
At the same time, however, the majority made up of non-smokers want a smoke-free environment.
Let us, however, examine the issue more closely.
Given that the WTO prevents us from imposing the same standards on imports as we do on European stockbreeders, however, the Commission must, at the very least, guarantee that all meat that crosses Community borders comes from farms that have undergone adequate inspections.
Very often, however, products coming from third countries do not meet these food safety standards.
The picture for payments, however, continues to be mixed.
Systems in this area continue, however, to be assessed as only partially effective.
At times of renewal and reform, it is also important, however, to remember the lessons of the past.
The question is, however, whether this waste on a massive scale really can be reduced just through monitoring and simplifying the rules, or whether what we are dealing with is fundamental structural failings.
The main problem, however, still lies in the area of shared management with Member States and in the fact that too many errors are due to the complex way in which our European finances operate.
There are, however, other cost groups where it would seem to be difficult, or even impossible, to achieve a 2% margin of error.
We do, however, need to take into account the specific characteristics of cohesion policy, which is widely decentralised and therefore managed by regional authorities in the Member States.
There are problems, however, and I wish to mention a few of them.
More than anything, however, we need to realise that the number of areas free of error has risen, and for that we have to thank Commissioner Kallas and the European Court of Auditors.
We must not, however, treat the legal consequences lightly, and it is on these that I, as a representative of the Committee on Legal Affairs, would like to concentrate.
The grand idea of creating a modern counterpart of the Alexandrian Library has, however, given rise to disputes on the issue of copyright.
At the same time, however, the Commission has raised the question of the suitability of the European system of copyright for meeting the challenges of the digital age: does the present acquis allow European consumers access to digitised versions of books?
The free distribution of books on the web, however, has come up against restrictions similar to those that have appeared in music publishing.
It is, indeed, an unpaid and gratuitous activity, but this does not mean, however, that it does not involve any financial outlay.
We want to have fewer health problems caused by smoking, however we support the retention of subsidies for cigarette manufacturers, even though they are gradually being reduced.
I do think, however, that these actions should be implemented by each Member State, in the first instance.
We are opposed to paragraph 9 of the resolution, however, which puts question marks against the continued liberalisation of EU agricultural policy.
Theory and practice, however, are sometimes a very long way from one another and the journey from the former to the latter can be a long one.
The European Union, the United States and other world powers, however, in their criticism of human rights violations in China, are very soft.
We must, however, see more action than just diplomatic gestures.
It is everyone's desire that cooperation continues in a positive spirit, without, however, forgetting the facts.
The EU too, however, must not dither but must proceed responsibly and rationally, fully respecting the circumstances and the European Parliament must play an active role.
The problems of agriculture have no sympathy for the whims of the political calendar, however, and farmers are expecting us to provide solutions to their problems, difficulties and anxieties.
Above all, however, in conjunction with the revision of our agricultural policy, we need to consider what we can do about these price fluctuations.
It is public knowledge, however, that no progress has been made recently in the negotiations.
In the meantime, however, the negotiations have failed twice.
In my opinion, however, this is an incorrect measure and the European Union should not continue with it.
Support relating to job losses, however, is provided in the EU at a European level only in the case of large companies where the job losses are sufficiently high.
Every request to mobilise this fund, however, leaves me even more baffled as to its fairness and effectiveness.
Today, however, we are debating the wording of the decision through which the instrument is to be set up.
In the current period, however, which is not easy for entrepreneurs and employees, I give precedence to using these resources from the EU budget for programmes directly targeted at employers and employees.
If we wish to achieve this objective, however, we must ensure that the financial resources provided are not spent on social benefits or consumption.
I wish like to stress, however, that this programme will require a comprehensive approach.
This new microfinance scheme, however, will counter this current trend of restricting access to credit, by making it easier to obtain the funds needed to set up new businesses and create new jobs.
At the same time, however, the Commission is going forward with its desire to reduce funding for the measures, which are still being implemented.
They have ideas for development, but no finance, and it is clear that if these enterprises cannot develop, then new jobs will not be created; the creation of jobs is, however, a prerequisite for emerging from the economic crisis.
As I see it, however, funds from the Community Programme for Employment and Social Solidarity (Progress), particularly as proposed here, will enable people to go self-employed.
It is, however, necessary that the transfer of Progress funds remains unchanged, in the sense that we cannot give the signal to divert resources from the Progress programme.
Along with this, however, it must be ensured - and this is the duty of the European Parliament and the Member States - that normal social security continues to be provided.
When it comes to toys, however, the problem is not the prototype, but, as we know from experience, the problem is whether the high requirements that we set are actually complied with during the entire manufacturing process by all suppliers and all of those involved in the supply chain.
However, I would like to say quite openly that I take this issue so seriously that any indication, however small, that there may be new findings available - and even if we only find out about them in a newspaper report - is taken so seriously by the Commission that the issue is put to the scientists.
I do, however, believe they will bring tangible results.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am, however, disturbed by another piece of information.
I am, however, pleased that this point, too, was conceded.
In my view, however, the big news of the day is not this agreement.
This 2010 budget, however, relates, above all, to the economic recovery plan.
Hidden underneath all this celebration, however, is a much less pleasant reality.
We are likely to see the first shoots of economic recovery in 2010, however, national budgets will be hit extremely hard by the efforts that were made during the last year.
At the same time, however, note should be made of the fact that the margins available are extremely limited for coming years.
I have one reservation, however: micro-credit is necessary only because the 'banksters', who are so quick to pocket State aid, are not doing what they are supposed to be doing: pumping money into the economy.
In my view, however, it should be acknowledged that the best way to deal with this problem is to be transparent, not to hide information.
Today, however, the Palestinians are divided both politically and physically.
There are, however, a series of new elements that I would like our guests to give their opinion about.
It is also unacceptable, however, for us to expose Israel and not to manage to defend it actively against all attacks and terrorist activities aimed against citizens of the State of Israel.
In the fight against terrorism, however, the EU is less principled.
According to this article, however, any acts adopted in accordance with it should include the necessary provisions on legal safeguards, but this requirement is not met in either of the proposals.
Article 215 states that the Council shall inform Parliament of any decisions that provide for the interruption or reduction of economic relations, etc. Article 75, however, makes it clear that when it is necessary in order to achieve the objectives set out in Article 67, Parliament and the Council shall define, in other words, shall jointly decide on regulatory measures for the freezing of funds, financial assets or economic gains belonging to, owned or held by natural or legal persons, groups or entities associated with terrorist activities.
Citizens want information, however, not promotional material or indecipherable policy documents, and so a drastic change of course is needed.
At the same time, however, we must also take account of the reality of unresolved conflicts.
It has, however, another Goliath alongside it in the form of Russia, with a different agenda for Georgia.
It is, however, one thing to speak about principles and another thing to implement these principles immediately.
I believe, however, that we should never forget that these actions must be carried out within a framework of simultaneous actions for other weak countries in Europe too.
The example of the Baltic States, however, shows that we are in the same boat.
We must not forget, however that miracles happen only in fairy tales.
We are, however, seeing positive signs, which it is also important to say in a debate such as this.
Today, however, there is no doubt about the European Union's commitment to the fight against terrorism.
This is not, however, a question of principles.
Quite honestly, however, as guardians of the treaties we cannot intervene in a debate that essentially concerns the Council of Europe and the European Court of Human Rights.
Let us be careful, however, not to repeat the mistakes of the Lisbon Strategy which, by setting unrealistic goals, has been more disappointing than anything else.
With the new Commission, the new Parliament and the President of the European Council, however, there would now be a chance to start a totally new debate.
Europe has apparently lacked authority on such a key subject as immigration, however you look at it; whether from the viewpoint of people like me who are very concerned about illegal immigration, or from the perspective of those who are more concerned with implementing integration policies.
The fact that Sweden does not have a more significant role at the climate conference currently taking place in Copenhagen, however, is more likely to be due to Prime Minister Reinfeldt himself, for party political reasons, having played down expectations of the conference at an early stage.
More serious than this, however, is the fact that it undermined the opportunity to bring about a good agreement on climate change.
All things considered, however, there remain one or two mixed results.
I would, however, like to speak a bit longer on three points regarding the subject of finance.
I do not, however, share the opinion that we have a different Union or a new Union.
It was quite symptomatic, however, that the spotlight was put on the start of the debate on the EU's strategy for 2020, quite forgetting the evaluation of the so-called Lisbon Strategy, which was approved 10 years ago and promised an oasis in the EU.
Its main thrust, however, is the emphasis on total liberalisation of the world market.
I think, however, that we should continually ask about the effectiveness of our assistance.
We must, however, lend them a hand and, in particular, we must not take it away before time, when they need it the most.
We must, however, be principled in our demands.
If this is to be done, however, it will require everyone's cooperation - the cooperation of the Congolese and Rwandan governments in the first instance, and of MONUC, the United Nations, the rest of the international community and the European Union in the second instance.
Less has been said, however, about the need to control the illegal flow of raw materials, such as diamonds, gold and other products, to the rest of the world.
Rather than talk about them, however, I invite you to visit the UNICEF and V-Day websites, which obviously say all there is to say about this subject.
Here is another people, however, who have suffered and are still suffering the most appalling conditions.
If stability is to be maintained in the Democratic Republic of Congo and in the region, however, it is crucial that the standard of living of the Congolese population is improved, that human rights are safeguarded, and that vigorous action is taken against corruption in order to establish a society based on the principles of the rule of law.
At this stage I am, however, concerned about Greece, from which we have not received any transposition measure yet.
We should not, however, forget that many problems are emerging because there is a lack of trust in Member States towards the education and training systems in other Member States.
Such a card must, however, facilitate the flow of people, and not make it more difficult.
There are, however, issues that cause me some concern, particularly with regard to the needs of the outermost regions.
In choosing this, we must not, however, forget those regions and countries where bringing the standard of living up to the EU average is a fundamental matter.
Therefore, I will read out the new proposal: 'notes the European Council conclusions that the EU and its Member States are ready to contribute with fast-start funding of EUR 2.4 billion annually for the years 2010 to 2012; stresses, however, the need for information on participation and contribution from the EU budget during 2011 and 2012'.
Just as remarkable, however, is the fact that the EU plans to provide no assistance whatsoever to a project to move us away from nuclear power.
I regret, however, that only EUR 300 million, which I regard as too little, has been allocated for the creation of a fund for the dairy farming sector.
We welcome the fact, however, that some of the proposals we tabled were adopted, namely:
I do believe, however, that this will happen as quickly as possible.
It is also highly important, however, to evaluate to what extent total freedom of access to all documents may be prejudicial to the proper functioning of the institutions.
As I see it, however, there is no reason why a statement by this House should endanger Mrs Haidar's life.
The discussion, however, should certainly take place now, so that the Members who will visit that country can take with them some of the feeling in this House.
(DE) Mr President, most European Union Member States are also experiencing a devastating earthquake; one, however, that is not recognisable on the surface.
Within this emergency, however, there is another: the emergency involving the children, the weakest sector of the population, who have been left with no family, no protection and no State.
What is important, however, is that, at the next International conference on Haiti, we adopt long-term measures for the re-establishment of state institutions, to enable them to work again.
We must, however, keep the communication channels to the outside world open.
It is not clear, however, what sanctions would have the desired influence on the political leadership.
It is also important to stress, however, that the EU's external policy must not be lopsided, as we often gladly turn a blind eye to such things in the case of economically and geostrategically important partners - such as China or, perhaps, Saudi Arabia - despite the fact that serious deviations from our European ideas of democracy and the rule of law take place in these countries, too.
With regard to what we can do, we must, however, be careful even about talking of sanctions, because history shows that economic and trade sanctions have often strengthened regimes instead of weakening them, and that they have, in fact, weakened the people and, above all, the poorest of them.
Today, however, if we take effective action, we can prevent the same thing from happening.
No amount of aid, however, can substitute for commitment and action by the government itself.
At this point in time, however, the strategic options for the US and the Member States of the EU in Yemen and the Horn of Africa region are not really open.
We will only be able to achieve that, however, if we also support a peace process in Yemen.
We should, however, stress the risks that the West also runs if the security problems are not tackled clearly and with determination.
As has already been stated, however, two weeks ago, a government commission refused 14 Sunni parties and several hundreds of people permission to participate in the elections.
The role of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly must, however, be strengthened.
The Commission accepts, however, that this matter needs to be agreed with those who are most concerned, and is therefore open to reconsidering its position.
Please allow me, however, to point out the difficulties that Haiti is facing at present.
It seems to me even more important, however, that this kind of situation is avoided in the first place.
It is by no means a new text, however, because it has already been debated by Parliament and the Commission, with the resistance of Member States.
In order to really get to grips with the problem of human trafficking, however, all the Member States must put substantial effort into preventive work, and that largely means reducing the demand that exists in our countries for the services provided by the victims of human trafficking.
It is impossible to give a definite figure, however, as these children are involved in prostitution, slavery, forced labour and so on, areas for which accurate figures are not available.
We do, however, also have strengths, and we should remember them.
I can also assure you, however, that my country is going to fulfil its commitment to the Commission for 2013 and return to the path of stability implied by a 3% deficit.
It also needs to be pointed out here today, however, that before the economic crisis, in various elections in which there was a low turnout, Europeans were also showing signs of a growing disinterest and distance from the European institutions.
I would like to say, however, that the first challenge that we have ahead of us is to be able to find the turning point in the process of Europeans becoming distanced from European policy.
I wish to finish, however, by congratulating you and giving you my support on one particular matter, that of equality between men and women.
I confess that as a dyed-in-the-wool conservative, I had prepared myself for this debate as if it were a bullfight; however, you have spoken of equality and human rights in such a way that I can now recognise what unites us, not what divides us.
There is no doubt, however, that at the moment, balance between the institutions is highlighted in the application of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I have, however, a question: why were consultations not carried out before announcing such a revolutionary idea?
It is even more important, however, that its voice should not be ignored, but that it should create new trends and have a key influence when decisions are being made.
For my part, however, I am counting on sympathetic support from the Presidency for work on reform of the common agricultural policy.
We must not forget, however, that in fact, we already have ways of alleviating problems that suddenly arise.
But it must be agreed: however inadequate, we have got to move forward.
In this House, however, we must look nearer home - we must be critical of the lack of initiative shown by the EU.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the only concrete result of the climate summit in Copenhagen was the limiting of global warming to two degrees Celsius. The measures needed for this, however, have remained a mystery.
Moreover, we must base our approach on science, knowledge and skills and not on emotions, however much we all care about this debate.
Above all, however, I am concerned that, when we have been to other countries, we have found that they do not talk about climate change but rather global change.
I do not want to focus on this, however, but suggest that instead of criticising others, we would do better to mind our own business.
I would, however, ask all of you to keep your speech under one minute.
Allow me, however, to say a few more words following my opening speech.
That method, however, will not expose the economy and jobs to bureaucracy, unfair competition or unforeseen price fluctuations.
If there are banks which do not make use of this, that is a matter for each of these financial bodies; however, there are no forms of restriction as far as the European Union or the European Central Bank are concerned.
I think, however, that we should tackle this stage of the dialogue, which is absolutely fundamental, via joint action which, so far, has been practically unprecedented.
Following all the positive energy that had been put into this, however, Turkey's dark side then reared its head again, as the ruling of the Turkish Constitutional Court brought renewed terrorist attacks.
There are now, however, perhaps two areas of concern.
As has been mentioned, some progress has been made in Turkey; regrettably, however, the situation is far from unambiguous.
I know we are living in days when security is paramount; however, citizens' freedoms should not suffer because of this.
The Danube Strategy will facilitate, through a coordinated approach, a more efficient use and higher absorption of European funds, without however being restricted to these.
When formulating the strategy, however, we must not forget the issue of transport safety, environmental safety, flood protection and the fight against cross-border crime.
In political terms, it could be said that Tunisia is a country in which democracy is still relatively young; however, the action plan set out appears to be in line with the European Union's expectations.
I would like to say, however, that yesterday it was brought to Parliament's attention that 33 human rights defenders were arbitrarily arrested when they tried to support the Coptic Christians referred to in this resolution and who were suffering violence against them.
This resolution also speaks of human rights dialogues between the EU and China, and however optimistic we would like to be, the end result is that they have hardly been of any benefit.
A great deal of effort has been made over recent years and laws have been passed in Europe which give this sector certain facilities and specific tools; however, the Community directives on equal treatment for men and women are not being transposed into national law.
Of great significance, however, is the fact that this policy is having an overwhelming influence on the economies of Member States.
It is now time, however, to move from declarations to actions, coinciding with the VI International Congress on Victims of Terrorism, due to be held in Salamanca on 11th, 12th and 13th of this month.
There are, however, two specific areas where I do not entirely agree with you.
I regret, however, that their struggle for citizens' freedoms is changeable and inconsistent.
The precedent of taxation on savings should, however, serve as a warning to you.
We have to wait and see, however, whether or not this procedure will generate the desired increase in VAT receipts and deter new cases of fraud.
Member States quite rightly see taxes as being primarily a national matter; in the wake of the financial crisis, however, more and more countries are realising that cooperation within the EU must improve.
Here in the European Union, however, we should be thinking of how we are going to sustain the internal market, in particular, the four freedoms, in the future.
Cooperation between Member States is the foundation of this Union; however, that cooperation has always been based on mutual consent.
Recently, however, the German chemical company Bayer decided to relocate from Antwerp, and that is a bad omen.
What Mr Verhofstadt cannot deny, however, is that recent years have seen a decline in the car industry in Europe and also in Flanders, and Mr Noels, the economist to whom I referred, has said that high labour costs were one of the reasons for the Americans closing Opel Antwerp instead of one of the others.
What is fundamentally unacceptable, however, is the fact that wage differences show up not in the case of those who are at the start of their careers, but when mothers return to the labour market after maternity or parental leaves.
I cannot help thinking, however, that our European policy suffers from a serious, a very serious form of schizophrenia.
First and foremost, however, we need to effectively put all the equality laws into practice.
There are, however, two critical remarks that I feel I should make.
Paragraph 38, however, fails to respect the subsidiarity clause in relation to abortion, and I think it needs amending.
Today, however, I would like to focus on two points.
Despite this, however, I believe that emphasising the full application of current valid legislation should remain a priority.
What I would like for once, however, is for us to stop all the trite comments, to stop all the meaningless statements.
The manner in which Commissioners are nominated and elected, however, ensures that this positive outcome is achieved only incidentally.
This parliament is now a full legislative partner, as per the resolution, to be treated on an equal, inclusive and informed basis with Council and not to be by-passed by resorting to soft law or other instruments, however worthy; a parliament fully and rightly able to hold your Commission, as executive, to account.
In my group, however, we completely disagree with this political project.
In one respect, however, there is some hope, since during the meeting with our group, Mr Barroso took great pains to stress how great a supporter he was of equality between the sexes.
The peoples of Europe, however - the Finns, the Germans, the British, the Danes - where have they been able to vote for and elect these commissioners?
You are going to have the new - and permanent - President of the Union, whose appointment has not, however, spelt the end of the rotating presidents.
It is disgraceful, however, that, despite this, politically weak representatives are placed at the top of the EU institutions.
I must, however, make it clear that we need to think more deeply about the nature of the relationship between these two institutions.
At the same time, however, we must be much more forceful with regard to the external challenges: security and defence, but also trade, technological and industrial standards, and environmental standards.
We are, however, conscious of the weak sides of the newly-appointed Commission and of the reservations expressed over the competence of some Commissioners.
It should, however, be admitted that the new Commission did receive the overwhelming majority of the votes.
I note with great disappointment, however, the fact that in Mr Barroso's speech, there was no specific information about reform of the common agricultural policy or cohesion policy.
It is, however, true that job creation is falling behind.
In my opinion, however, countries that have been particularly hard hit need to take more extensive measures than those that have not been affected as badly.
Whoever believes, however, that monetary union is a project which is now complete is making an unpardonable mistake.
Unfortunately, however, nothing of that was heard here.
My own country and others, however, lost as a result of those statements and the policies which are currently in place.
Let us not forget, however, that the statistics were also European.
Behind them, however, the entire euro area is at risk.
I do think, however, that in the next few years, we will see them abandoning their opt-outs and wanting to join the Economic and Monetary Union too.
I can tell you, however, that I believe that the Greek Government, the Commission, the Eurogroup and Ecofin acted swiftly.
It is true, however, that there are difficulties, and we can give some examples, such as former prisoners in Yemen not being able to return there immediately.
In essence, however, we first need to clarify three points.
Everyone knows, however, that the closure of Guantánamo will not stop questions being asked about human rights and counterterrorism, either in the United States or in Europe.
This should not, however, cause us to forget that this prison also existed to a large extent because it was encouraged by Europe.
I can take this outrage seriously, however, only if you finally make a commitment, in response to my numerous statements to this effect, to examine the matter of the Guantánamo that exists right here within the EU, in Hungary.
This cannot, however, be a reason for including bluefin tuna in Appendix I.
We can support this motion but ask, however, that this inclusion be conditional on the implementation of the decision being deferred for 12-18 months and the provision of compensation for the sector.
I am also glad and content, however, that the projects that were originally intended for problem groups in urban areas can now also be set up for implementation in rural areas. Furthermore, the arrangement will apply to every country in the European Union.
On the other hand, however, it introduces an element which is also very important for the economy, I mean the possibility of finance from the European Regional Development Fund for the construction of housing, which caused a very serious controversy in the last term of the European Parliament.
I firmly believe, however, that mere physical investment in infrastructure will not solve the problems of ghettos.
(EL) Mr President, I do not overlook the fact that Turkey is a large country which, however, apart from the internal social problems noted in the report, acts - in my opinion - in a contradictory manner in its foreign policy.
I know, however, that the Turkish Government is still committed to the democratic opening.
These documents do not oppose Turkey's theoretical future entry into the EU; however, I am very happy to welcome the findings that Parliament intends to make known regarding Turkey's supposed lack of progress.
I am disturbed, however, about the media reports today that Haitians are protesting because, despite all efforts, they still have no tents over their heads or enough food and water.
We have taken a strong stance, however, and we have to proceed from that.
I cannot, however, accept that abortion is treated in the report as a specifically understood entitlement, and - as Mrs Lulling said - a method of birth control.
For all its good points, however, it was not effective enough to tackle so-called 'carousel fraud' in VAT.
It is important, however, that we make sure that intervention strategies within the European Union do not make any distinctions on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity.
The ECR Group have, however, along with the EPP, signed a resolution calling for enhanced cooperation between Member States, police and border control agencies where personal data can be safeguarded and where the care of a victim can be decided by individual Member States.
My vote in favour should not, however, be seen as support for the amendments in the resolution which involve the transfer of more power from the Member States to the EU, such as:
They are not enough, however, and the praise for the carbon market means that they lose all plausibility.
To date, however, it alone proposes to the peoples of the world that they recognise their rights to the ecosystem and establish a court of climate justice.
At the moment, however, the international situation looks as if only the EU can provide the impetus for more significant reductions.
Such statements must, however, be followed by the conclusion of legally binding agreements.
Apart from that, there are a number of EU policies aimed at assisting families with children that do not, however, mention single mothers or fathers living with children.
It is a shame, however, that the text does not focus on the intrinsically unequal nature of neoliberalism.
The inclusion of provisions relating to 'sexual and reproductive rights' is, however, unfortunate in a report which appears within a context of economic crisis and which concerns itself mainly with the impact of this crisis on working conditions for women and the place of women in society.
The urgency is there, however, and only radical measures can enable stocks to be replenished.
What is certain, however, is that in this process, the Council has learned lessons and taken due note of Parliament's concerns.
The agreement being drawn up at the moment, however, does not indicate that we are an equal partner but rather that the United States is making demands of us and is expecting that we will comply with its views.
Following the Lisbon Treaty, however, the European Parliament has much more power and the task as MEPs sitting here is really to defend the interests and rights, the fundamental rights, of the 500 million citizens of the EU Member States.
It has not been said, and it should be stated clearly however, that this is not the logic behind the agreement, and that bulk transfer is only allowed by the SWIFT agreement in exceptional cases, always and only when there are legal suspicions (Article 4(6) of the agreement).
I will, however, refer your request to the Conference of Presidents which will meet later this afternoon.
It would, however, be a mistake to view acts of terror exclusively as the deeds of desperate individuals.
We must not forget, however, that our primary objective should be to limit terrorism, because terrorism is still a real threat, including in Europe.
It seems, however, that certain Member States are implementing the 'no check, no fly' principle as obligatory.
Unless we are to end up with a European space that applies non-uniform standards, however, we must obtain the results of the studies under way as soon as possible.
Before taking a decision, however, we must make sure that these machines do not infringe individual liberties and that they are not harmful to the health of travellers or of airport staff.
It seems to me that this is not, however, a correct understanding of the matter.
Regrettably, however, the overall reform process - which is vital for Ukraine - has significantly slowed.
We also have to mention shortcomings, however: corruption has already been mentioned, and there are entrenched special interest groups and nepotistic practices.
In order to precisely avoid the risk of this happening, however small, we must be proactive in handling relations with Ukraine, which is the only country able to guarantee stability in the area.
That is the idea which we believe each country should put into practice; however, we must coordinate this among all European countries.
In certain cases, we have not had this evidence, although it has been talked about, or there have been specific references made in the media; however, on some occasions, there has been a lack of proven and thorough knowledge of the existence of these cases.
In fact, however, even after that statement in July, there were new discoveries.
Europe cannot however, fail to take responsibility for European interests in the world, particularly today.
Perhaps, however, for this very reason, there has been a certain amount of haste in sealing the agreement.
I also recall, however, sectors such as electronics and the component manufacturing industry in the automotive sector, already mentioned here.
Leaving aside the expected positive effects, however, have the negative effects also been taken into account?
I would, however, like to point out that Europe's employment problem will not be solved by palliative measures taken on a case-by-case basis.
Therefore, we are not against the South Korea free trade agreement; however, we do want certain paragraphs to be studied more rigorously, which we believe create unfair competitive disadvantages for certain European industrial sectors and give Korean producers an unfair advantage.
What I do not understand, however, is when people say 'look, there is a direct link between the free trade agreement with South Korea and the fact that there are plans to make closures at Opel in Europe'.
It is also the case, however, that the decision to actually produce the SUVs in South Korea came, at any event, after the agreement with Magna had been reached but before the conclusion of the negotiations over a free trade agreement between the European Union and South Korea.
If you turn this argument on its head, however, the logical conclusion would be that we are in a situation where Europe is much less capable than individual Member States of finding appropriate solutions to the more unfortunate criminal activities which happen on the Internet and other things which take place online.
As it is, however, online gambling is a hidden problem and it is a problem that is growing.
In terms of its content, however, the freedom to provide services also includes a prohibition on discrimination, which means that the State is not allowed to put foreign service providers in a less favourable position than domestic ones.
Since the immense boom in the amount of online gambling on offer, however, the addiction problem has, indeed, been increasingly moving to the Internet.
I am surprised, however, at the very varied view that the PPE Group has of that freedom of expression.
I think, however, that we should be very careful about forming unequivocal, categorical and final judgments.
The international community, however, has been sparing in its efforts, refusing to recognise that this is in fact a coup d'état and that the government put in place by Andry Rajoelina in Madagascar is in fact a military government.
It is true that last year, in 2009, hundreds of prisoners were released; however, very few were actually political prisoners.
We did, however, have a useful informal gathering of Heads of State or Government earlier this month at the Bibliothèque Solvay, just a few hundred metres from here.
We must, however, remain vigilant against legislation that serves to hinder these developmental processes.
For substantial investment to be possible, however, Europe must equip itself with Eurobonds and with a system of rewards and penalties so that it can achieve its economic objectives.
I will say this, however: we need some major reforms, or important reforms, and these important reforms, at European level and nationally, will demand budgetary choices.
This is regrettable, particularly on Israel's part, because, however controversial the Goldstone report might be, any state that calls itself a democratic state based on the rule of law is obliged to allow such serious accusations to be subjected to an independent investigation.
We must not forget, however, that it was a final response to years of Palestinian attacks on a densely populated area of Israel.
Of course we are not public prosecutors, however, nor does the role of Pontius Pilate become us.
The very regrettable backtracking of the advancement of democracy in Belarus in the last years is a very serious matter but, that being said, we must also remain engaged with Belarus and we must keep channels of communication open, however difficult this may be, not necessarily only through government channels - we can, of course, build on the Eastern Partnership and use it - but also through people-to-people contacts.
Minority rights are an integral part of universal human rights, however, as confirmed by the Framework Convention of the Council of Europe.
This wording is a minimum, however, and should be able to be supported by everyone.
Point 9 of the Beijing Platform for Action, however, declares as its goal the empowerment of all women.
The Commission does, however, have a new mandate to negotiate.
In the case of Madeira, however, we must also take account of the fact that the economic base of Madeira has been affected due its dependence on tourism, so it has suffered a double blow.
When drafting the 2011 budget, however, we will have to set out the new formula carefully, in order to ensure the sustainability of the budget in the subsequent period.
I think, however, that the agreement is a good one and that we will be able to adopt it tomorrow without any problems.
At the same time, however, the increase in its range of activities has created additional requirements in terms of more personnel, both in the administration of the European Parliament and in the political groups and offices of MEPs.
Today, however, the European Parliament finds itself in a different position.
This report is, however, only the basis for building future common fisheries policy, which requires thorough reconstruction and fundamental changes so that care for the natural environment can be reconciled with development of the historical heritage of fishing.
What is sustainable fishing, however, is recreational sea angling, which is enjoyed by around a million people in the UK and which supports business thought to be worth around EUR 2 billion in tackle trade alone across the continent.
At the same time, however, it is important to ensure a viable and sustainable way of life for Europe's fishermen.
We believe, however, that it is essential to provide for greater investment in scientific research, especially in the fisheries sector, including within the next framework programme.
It is true, however, that Belgium lags behind the European average in terms of tracks equipped with an automatic train protection system, be it the national or the European one.
It must be said that such accidents, however exceptional, remind us that there is always room for improvement where safety is concerned, and I would like to make some proposals in this regard.
Ultimately, however, it is a different rail policy that we need in Europe.
It would appear, however, that the train was not fitted with an automatic braking system.
Parliament has, however, accepted an initiative that is diametrically opposed to this, and even goes so far as to regard that as being the political aim of the regulation.
Increasing MEPs' funds for hiring assistants by EUR 8 million, however, means that next year, it will not be 8 million, but 16 million, and this is clearly excessive, as in the coming year, a new increase of EUR 1 500 per month is planned for Members, which amounts to not 16, but EUR 32 million.
In its current form, however, neither market interventions nor excessive administrative costs for business can be ruled out.
This increase in funds must not, however, jeopardise budgetary sustainability and the accuracy of financial statements, as this is crucial in any institution.
This new budget must, however, respect the utilisation rates of the values under heading 5 (administrative provisions) of the multiannual financial framework (MFF), which were fixed at 20% of the value of that heading, so as to maintain budgetary sustainability.
On the other hand, however, mothers who wish to remain at home with their children should also have the opportunity to do this, for example, by a suitable system of taxation based on the whole family, and not only on the two spouses.
We need to do our best now, however, if we are to make the world a better place in the near future.
Since this is Commissioner Reding's first act as the Commissioner responsible for equal opportunities, however, I am more than willing to give her the benefit of the doubt.
At present, however, the Castro brothers' dictatorship is characterised by a lack of compassion for political prisoners and prisoners of conscience, and for their own people.
It would be better, however, if they complained about themselves, if they complained about the European leaders.
It will not, however, be beneficial for the island of Formentera, because it requires the elimination of most of the island's tourist facilities, which means small family businesses will be seized.
It is necessary, however, because some countries are fighting a hard, long-fought battle against uncontrollable animal diseases.
For that reason, however, in Europe, we must have regulations to prevent the spread of animal epidemics.
Now, however, we are talking about people travelling.
Members who have spoken before me have talked about this. Not all of them, however, have drawn attention to the fact that the scope of the directive needs to be defined clearly.
It is, however, all the more important that, if they can afford a proper holiday during the crisis, our citizens can also return from this holiday satisfied.
There are, however, two specific issues that I would like to raise.
It should, however, be stressed - as you have done - that this measure will have to be approached in a realistic and pragmatic way.
We will see, however, which is why we have the Commission looking at this.
If, however, you demonstrate that same courage regarding the tax on financial transactions, we will not get very far.
The number of global policy objectives has, however, increased.
I note, however, that more than 70% of withdrawals in Europe are now carried out without the imposition of any multilateral interchange fee on the transaction.
The other side of the euro coin is, however, the lack of consistency and the lack of accountability, and here there are, of course, some questions for the Commission.
In principle, however, we support the approach of the rapporteur, including with regard to the internal market check, and we will vote in favour of the report.
I cannot but notice, however, a certain absurdity.
The report does, however, pose a problem on one point: this relates to paragraph 10, which did not initially appear in Mrs Thun Und Hohenstein's draft report.
The main problem, however, has more to do with the application of EU law than with its transposition.
I think, however, that we should make amendments to the proposal to guarantee security.
On the other, however, we must always be careful to ensure that the expenditure is proportional to the benefits.
The internal market will not work properly, however, unless the provisions of the Union affecting its operation are adopted by all its Member States.
In the case of the report of Countess von Thun Und Hohenstein, however, the Socialists and the Greens have taken exception to the proposal for the performance of regular checks into the functioning of the internal market.
We all know, however, that these standards come at a price, and we also know that they make possible a higher quality of life in the European Union.
I would, however, welcome more concrete proposals for improving the current situation.
It envisages, however, a temporary system under which some Member States may impose more restrictive conditions in the case of certain illnesses such as rabies, echinococcosis and tick infestation.
I do have one regret, however: the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark have not adopted this regulation and will not be subject to its application, even though these countries attract a large number of foreign students and researchers present in the Schengen area.
Insufficient competition is, however, something which is currently being seen, especially in the pharmaceutical and telecommunications sectors.
Above all, however, the crisis has shown up the weakness of the European economy and has indicated those areas which should be strengthened.
The internal market will not, however, function properly if the legislation which is the foundation of a correctly functioning internal market is not transposed properly and on time.
It seems, however, an interesting contribution to the current debate about the euro area.
The EMF is, however, a longer term proposal which may well require a change in the treaty.
Rulings by the European Court of Justice in recent years, however, show that there is a need to strengthen the protection of fundamental trade union rights further.
This time, however, the 'finance bubble' will be significantly bigger.
The Greens differ, however, and we will not be proud if all Member States do not admit that we can do better on the Roma issue.
It is fundamental, however, for there to be a consistent and uncompromising fight against xenophobia and racism in society at large.
At the same time, however, we need to take general action that benefits the Roma population as a whole; they are one of the communities that suffers from the worst discrimination, and so any anti-discrimination policy is going to help them.
You are right, however, that the key issue lies in national and even regional or local powers in the areas of building or suitability for building.
Grassroots sporting organisations make a huge contribution to European society, culture and the health of European citizens; in the current economic climate, however, many grassroots sporting organisations are experiencing financial difficulties.
We most do more in relation to drugs, however, as it is clear that they are a major cause of road accidents and of deaths of people on the roads.
Much remains to be done, however, and I shall insist on a prudent, thorough assessment that is free from taboos so that we do not progress too quickly to the following stages.
In the meantime, however, it would also be beneficial to discuss what has been happening in recent months in these particular countries.
Such an investigation is, however, provided for in the regulation.
The new institutional framework must, however, fully include Parliament in the legislative process aimed at modifying the legislation in force.
Of course, the Generalised System of Preferences is also a good way of putting pressure on countries to get them to abide by international agreements and conventions as well as commitments concerning human rights and so on. We must not forget, however, that the aim is development.
Allow me to say a few words about the External Action Service, however, about which I really had expected to hear something much more tangible from you.
We do need to consider, however, that, in its history, the Union has been successful where the Community method was applied and that, where it has acted intergovernmentally, it has rarely or never succeeded.
You also said, however, that Bosnia has stabilised.
At the same time, however, I consider that the European Parliament should take a clearer stand and ask the Member States to provide real support for the Obama initiative for a world without nuclear weapons.
In addition, the Commission's proposal assigns the Council and Member States the main task of implementing and managing the policies arising from this strategy, while overlooking, however, the important role played by local authorities in achieving concrete results at regional and local level.
I believe that this vote is a vote for solidarity because, looking ahead to EU 2020, the established priorities must be pursued in a much more rigorous way, which allows, however, the specific features of each region to be utilised and the problems that each of them are facing to be resolved.
At the moment, however, it is more like a wish list.
Our voting choice does not mean, however, that we would reject an investigation into the events connected with Operation Cast Lead.
The top priority, however, must continue to be the security of the supply of high-quality foods for 500 million Europeans, in particular, against the backdrop of the doubling of food production by 2050.
The unifying strategy tends to seek institutional integrity in everything to do with market forces; however, it would appear to be imperfect in terms of policy to regulate the impact of de-unification phenomena (such as unemployment, regional inequalities and lack of social cohesion).
Here, however, an identical approach must be used for all the sides of the conflict.
The international community must not, however, turn its back on the conflict.
At stake, however, is the credibility of the conclusions of the investigation.
It is, however, my conviction as a supporter of the market economy that development assistance can (and must) be provided by means of trade policies which benefit developing countries.
If we are to avoid unfairness, it is, however, crucial that the new list of countries which will benefit from this system are realistic about their economic situation.
In so doing, however, it does not give any clear specification of objectives or direction to the common foreign and security policy (CFSP).
The position of the Spanish socialist delegation is, however, positive with regard to the stabilisation and enlargement process in which the countries of the western Balkans, Turkey and Iceland are now involved.
This could, however, give rise to a potential security threat to relations between the European Union and other countries.
The Arctic region, however, needs a comprehensive approach, as the High Representative said here.
I would like to say it should be noted that the five Arctic countries are not specially interested in legal regulations, but the Union should, however, be playing an important role in this part of the world, not only by its presence, but principally by its involvement and knowledge.
The most important thing, however, is to protect the water from pollution, while the nuclear waste in the Russian Arctic is also a key issue.
This potential peaceful use, however, is far less problematic than, for example, the intensified desire of the United States to station military early warning systems in the Arctic region.
This text does, however, have significant added value.
More than ever, I remain convinced that we would be wrong not to preserve the advantages and advances, however modest, of a dialogue sustained by particular historical, cultural and linguistic links.
Many of us, however, are going further than this statement: you can rest assured that we will remain vigilant in order to secure the unconditional release of all political prisoners on the island.
That is not all, however: we need to work effectively and be effective, achieve results that improve the well-being and living conditions of prisoners of conscience or even make it possible for them to be released.
In this case, however, the Council says that the responsibility for organising environmental assessment lies largely with the developers of the projects.
It is clear to all, however, that that is not enough.
Let us not forget, however, that these investments come with a responsibility: a responsibility to ensure that many of the people who are currently employed in the energy sector are given the opportunity to retrain and upskill themselves.
The financial means are supposed, however, to come from the sale of 300 million allowances for CO2 emissions in the New Entrants' Reserve, or what is known as NER300.
It is, however, essential to increase public funding for scientific research into the field of clean technologies.
I believe, however, that the vital task of putting this complex partnership together belongs to the European Union.
Let us for once, however, come up with a question together that the Council and the Commission must answer.
In particular, however, it is important for countries whose energy industry - for historical reasons - emits large amounts of CO2.
Please be aware, however, that aid from the Solidarity Fund cannot be paid out immediately.
The Commission is, however, making every effort to keep this time span as short as possible.
France and the Commission have, however, started discussing the options and possible necessary programme modifications which might be instrumental for longer-term reconstruction and for investment in businesses affected by the flood.
Fortunately, Chile is a country with a far-reaching capacity to respond in such times of natural disaster; however, large areas of the world do not have that same capacity.
There will be lessons that we, too, must learn from this, however, namely that in emergencies the veneer of civilisation soon peels and that 24 hours can be too long.
Irrespective of that, however, it is important for the EU and also the United States to apply the same standards everywhere.
The fact however is that we in the EU cannot afford not to use it if we want to take climate change seriously.
Our efforts, however, must not concentrate only on giving help after the event.
Today in the European Parliament, however, we are talking about Mexico in the context of human rights, because there has been and continues to be a marked increase in violence, which affects Mexican people in particular, and because there have been repeated, serious complaints about human rights violations.
We cannot do that, however, by freezing or abandoning our contacts; rather, we must strengthen them.
This, however, is probably not the key argument, here.
That the political elites in Europe, in our name, have abandoned this path does not mean, however, that we have become better people or that our society is more humane.
We note, however, that this case revolved around the interpretation of the Korean Constitution; this was not a political decision on retention of the death penalty.
It is a motion by the PPE Group, but some of the committees want more time on this very important and complicated matter, however urgent it may be.
In order to help you, however, we need to know what it is you expect and want, because in this House, vague, vacuous and empty ideas get very short shrift.
An economic growth based on social and environmental grounds is crucial to kick-start Europe, but I am afraid that the Council and Commission's proposals for governance - however welcome - will be too vague and will not help to achieve the set targets.
I understand that in one minute, you cannot say very much; however, I will now give the floor to Mr Borghezio for another minute.
From my point of view, however, it has also been stated quite clearly that there must be solidarity.
When I look at the Council's conclusions, however, I see that they are much more narrowly focused and reduced to the classical growth strategy - a strategy that has failed and that did not get us very far.
At the same time, however, I am struck that those who say they want to combat financial speculation intend to replace financial speculation with political speculation.
Now, however, it has fully assumed its responsibilities.
There has, however, been too little mention in this debate of the fact that Greece itself must also do something.
We do, however, say a definitive 'no' to fines and to expelling a country from the euro area.
In my view, however, nuclear power is little suited to leading Europe into a sustainable energy future.
A European citizens' initiative of this kind could help to bring such debates about, however, and it could help to overcome, to some extent, Europeans' feelings that Brussels is a long way away and that they - the citizens - have no voice in Brussels.
The crucial thing, however, is what form we give it.
We do have an opportunity, here, however, to perhaps briefly put a couple of points on record together.
It is necessary, however, to show the people that we want them to participate in this shared Europe of ours and to hold a real European debate.
It should be pointed out, however, that the right to a citizens' initiative may be a democratic instrument, but it also opens the door to a federalised EU.
We do, however, need to seek a solution that will encourage and stimulate public involvement.
It would be my wish, however, for us to also have referendums, as we have in my home region of Bavaria, at the European level in future.
The results of the consultation do, however, show the direction which the Commission should take in framing appropriate executive legislation.
On the other hand, however, this has real possibilities for citizens.
I do believe, however, that the EU learnt from this to have respect for the political opinion of others and for the national sovereignty of the Member States and their citizens, and that is certainly a good thing.
There is, however, another irregular situation, because the Slovak national law on which the registration is based does not exist, since Slovakia has repealed it.
We must protect the development cooperation budget, however hard that may be.
We also know, however, that these reforms cannot be put through within the framework of a one-year budget.
In all other respects, however, we need to look for ways to make savings and increase efficiency.
We should not forget, however, that we are operating in a united Europe, where mobility of thought and the mobility of people is, in fact, one of our more important values, and we should look after it continually.
The priorities contained in the proposed budget for 2011 cannot, however, lead to a modification of the EU's basic policies.
One thing must be clear, however, and that is that consumers must have this freedom and they must genuinely be able to make a decision on the basis of objective and transparent criteria.
It is regrettable, however, that Parliament cannot adopt a position and submit it to the G20 meeting, but can only send our verbal messages.
In some countries, however, it has recently been shown that the disease is resurgent.
These countries had already been suffering in the years prior to the crisis, however: firstly, the food crisis, which endangered the survival of hundreds of millions of people; then, the energy crisis, which used up many of the resources of those that did not produce oil or gas; finally, the climate crisis, the effects of which on harvests and infrastructure harm the poorest countries most of all.
They might, however, have become somewhat too topical recently.
Today, however, it is calling on the workers to pay for the damage and to repay that money.
What sort of signal would it be, however, for the new Member States, such as my country, Latvia, which is under an IMF programme and maintains a fixed rate of exchange against the euro, and which, in order to introduce the euro, devalues its economy with a double-digit fall in GDP and extraordinarily high unemployment?
At the same time, however, it is also important to increase revenue via positive growth, by getting more people into work and paying taxes.
This is, however, a strategic question, in which the Council's committed support is indispensable.
From the moment when an economic crisis erupts, however, it is a very different story.
Anyone, however corrupt or immoral, could stand for public office.
The European Union is currently aware of the problems faced by the Roma minority, as is also highlighted by the number of reports discussed and implemented, including substantial funding for Roma social inclusion programmes which, however, have not had the anticipated impact.
There is a real risk, however, with this result that we will not be able to push for binding measures in the Frontex mandate being revised right now, but of course, we cannot give up and must try our best to obtain a better result in the future work on this.
The Danish Social Democrats would like to emphasise, however, that the purpose of the EU's common agricultural policy must continue to be to guarantee market stabilisation and we therefore cannot support permanent subsidies from the EU for the likes of milk and dairy products.
These considerations must not, however, jeopardise budgetary sustainability and rigorous book-keeping, which are crucial in any institution.
I would remind you, however, that agricultural product quality policy cannot be so demanding that it endangers small and medium-sized farmers, or the existence of traditional products that are typical of certain regions and whose manufacture cannot be subject to rules that are blindly uniform.
We must, however, point out some features of the report that are negative and even contradictory.
I think, however, that this instability can be explained by the surprise which the crisis caused.
Also, however, concern for the lack of understanding of the fundamental problem, which we here in Parliament have underlined.
In addition, however, a commitment to high-quality employment and, above all, egalitarian employment that will better prepare us to face the future, without neglecting the fight against poverty.
This seems patently impossible, however, since we have not even received the draft text.
I would have one suggestion in this regard, however: in any event, quantitative objectives ought to be set - as this was indicated in relation to the fight against poverty - and some sort of index should be developed in order to enable us to track progress or, for that matter, delays.
It does, however, coordinate, monitor, provide a certain impetus and, as the Treaty clearly states, give guidance.
Their functioning today, however, is still marked by contradiction.
Flexibility cannot, however, mean unpredictability and cannot create opportunities for abuse.
I would, however, ask that the people in the back rows also be taken into account in connection with points of order.
I am a realist, however, and I would say that now we have to live with it.
Above all, however, they must have adequate access to documents, analyses and contributions prepared during preparatory work on drafts of delegated acts.
The sportspeople concerned often speak excellent English; however, it is often not easy to understand a subject which is already complex in itself in a subject-specific jargon in another language.
At the same time, however, we must also help third countries improve their civil aviation safety standards.
It is obvious, however, that air transport is not restricted exclusively to European Union air space.
We want security to be in place; however, we also want consumers to know how much they are paying for what.
We do, however, want there to be transparency on how the costs are put together and on the proportion that is to be paid by the consumer.
Passengers are the ones, however, who ultimately pay for security measures through the price of their ticket.
Member States can also apply tighter security measures, the cost of which, however, will be borne entirely by Member States.
In this case, however, I feel that we might be falling prey to a degree of naivety and maximalism, and that by seeking perfection, we are running the risk of not achieving the best outcome.
I would, however, advise against creating a new authority to deal with these questions.
It is important, however, that there is a clear connection between the security charge levied and the services which are actually provided.
For this, however, we need independent regulatory authorities in order to be able to counteract any distortion of competition quickly and efficiently.
I also generally think, however, that we should apply ourselves with particular care to revising the trans-European networks, and we should consider a point which is particularly important to me.
At the same time, however, State aid is often needed, because we frequently have to cope with unfair competition from third countries.
On the other hand, however, increasingly strong competition from third countries can be observed, and particularly from what are known as flags of convenience.
We must make it clear, however, that we need to raise awareness among our citizens and, above all, among young people, that this resource exists.
I do have, however, a simple question: what is the real responsibility, influence and impact of agriculture on climate change?
The crucial point, however, is whether the eight criteria that have been developed to do this will actually be sufficient.
The alternative thresholds, however, must lead to the conclusion that an area in question is affected by a significant handicap, as desired by the Council.
This, however, is only a means, not an end.
It is a common sense decision in a context already marked by crisis; this assistance must, however, be considered as exceptional.
Finally, if this lasts, gets worse or happens again - which is likely - the management method put in place must provide for greater coordination among Member States and special operational procedures based on real data and better coordination of other means of transport in exceptional circumstances. It must also take account, however, of the need to coordinate assistance so that we can get the tens of thousands of stranded passengers home; they too are entitled to information and assistance.
So far, however, only isolated and national initiatives have been taken.
I do hope, however, that we are able to draw several constructive conclusions.
There are, however, lessons to be learnt, and the first is that no sufficiently strong and politically responsible European voice has been heard for five days.
The governments of these countries are responsible for these crises; however, in the interest of the common good, we should have raised our voices louder and more decisively in order to see results.
We all know that climate change is a phenomenon which we, the developed countries, have caused; unfortunately, however, it is often the poor countries that feel the impact.
Even more important, however, was the guiding principle behind the use of the funds, namely not just to build back, but to build back better.
The cataclysm in Haiti has, however, made me stop and think about a country which, actually, collapsed a long time ago.
At the same time, however, people in some Member States are saying that we must lengthen the period of time spent working, that we must raise the retirement age, and people are also saying that we need more workers from overseas.
It is clear, however, that a great deal still remains to be done.
This summit is not, however, just another summit, Mrs Ashton.
I do, however, admit that we have succeeded in some aspects.
What is clear, however, is the role of the Russian Ministry of Defence in facilitating the flight of former President Bakiyev after people took to the streets calling for his resignation.
Is the present method the best one, however, in view of the time that the negotiations have taken?
Banking sector vulnerability has increased, however, due to the exposure of the banks to Greek government bonds and, more importantly, due to low economic growth prospects.
We need to be careful however, that the supermarket does not also continue slashing the prices going to our farmers.
(FR) Mr President, I should like to say to you that, without knowing the reason why, we understand that the Court of Auditors is absent, that it does an outstanding job of auditing the European institutions. I do, however, object to the Council's absence because we need debates with it, particularly where discharges relating to its activities are concerned.
In terms of the discharge, we are, however, considering the 2008 budget, which was under the responsibility of the previous Commission.
What will not do, however, is the fact that the goal of the accession process is effectively being torpedoed through the back door.
On the one hand, we have the chance to improve substantially the application and effectiveness of our external aid; on the other, however, there are also major question marks, because we are concerned at the high risk that the growing effectiveness that we have achieved with difficulty for European development aid, in conjunction with the Court of Auditors and the Commission, may be undermined by further reorganisation, ambiguity in decision making and the chain of responsibility, and, especially, by fragmented management.
The scope of the tasks entrusted to the agencies and the increase in their number, size and budgets does, however, require the institutions to fulfil their own budgetary authority responsibilities.
All in all, I can, however, recommend discharge for the financial year 2008 for the area of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Commission's Directorate-General for Mobility and Transport has informed us, however, that this will be brought up to date.
We know that, however small the amounts of money we are talking about, if malpractice starts to appear, our reputation will be damaged for a long time.
The standards in themselves do not, however, guarantee an effective internal control system.
Fair is fair, however, and greater transparency is also needed in our own Parliament.
As I see it, however, a more important point is that the Council and Parliament are now strong, mature institutions and, as such, should be able to monitor each other in a mature way even without a gentlemen's agreement.
I do, however, wish to publicly acknowledge the progress that has been made in improving the financial management standards by this past Commission.
Up until today, however - though this may change - the Council has refused to answer openly and publicly.
Precisely because our criticism is so clear, however, we also have a duty to be critical of ourselves as regards our own - Parliament's - financial administration.
There are many good proposals in this report that were, however, all adopted.
In the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, however, this has long been a reality, precisely for that reason.
I do think, however - and let us be fair - that in what the Council representative said, there was one very important proposal.
I am, however, heartened that the new American Ambassador to the EU, William Kennard, seems to appreciate MEPs' importance, and this is now being conveyed back to Washington.
While I am not an enthusiast of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, I would, however, like to ask if it is true that this mandate does not respect the provisions of the Charter.
We must also be aware, however, that in this age of mobility, there cannot be adequate security in Europe and worldwide without effective and rapid data exchange.
Now however, it is also about serious crime.
What I do object to, however, is the fact that PNR agreements do not set predetermined conditions and criteria for all countries equally, that they do not specify the data we need to disclose and that we do not know the exact purposes for which such data will be used by the authorities.
There are disparities, however, with the rules in the different Member States, particularly as far as e-invoicing is concerned.
It noted, however, that certain aspects of the public procurement process could be improved.
There has, however, been a standstill in the area of staff management, given that the objectives for staff and the performance indicators were neither measurable nor focused on results.
As the rapporteur points out, however, the mechanisms for setting the Agency's objectives need to be strengthened in order to make it easier to evaluate their attainment, and a new methodology for staff management, from recruitment to performance evaluation, should be introduced.
I deplore the fact, however, that the Centre has not comprehensively fulfilled its obligation to send to the authority responsible for discharge a report drawn up by its Director summarising the number of internal audits conducted by the internal auditor.
It is a highly positive development, however, that the Authority has succeeded in substantially and consistently improving its performance indicators in recent years.
The Agency is, however, finalising a five-year strategy and developing Key Performance Indicators, which will have to be submitted to Parliament for scrutiny.
This may have been a one-off event, however, due to the move to the Agency's long-term office building.
Amongst the four recommendations which are still in progress, however, one is critical and three are very important, and I urge the Agency, therefore, to implement certain internal control standards relating to bank signatures, segregation of duties, sensitive posts and maintenance of delegation powers, as mentioned in those recommendations.
It should be noted, however, that the Foundation says that it has undertaken a thorough review of its recruitment procedures in response to the Court of Auditors' findings, although we have not yet been informed about it.
These rules, however, are in breach of international rules on the transport of dangerous goods, which is why the Commission has put forward a proposal for a revised directive.
The additional costs of stricter security measures must be borne by the Member States, as they exist to prevent terrorist acts; however, they are being borne by passengers.
The important thing for us, however, has been that our two aims of 'linking costs for security screening and scanning with liberalised groundhandling services' and 'intermodal fair treatment of financing security measures' were both rejected by the EPP and ALDE (RCV).
The present document, however, proposes that, where stricter measures result in additional costs, they should be financed by the Member State.
Let us not forget, however, that there is still a great deal to do in terms of simplification.
The Council's position is different, however, and merely points out that 'an additional pre-financing instalment [...] is needed for the Member States worst hit by the crisis'.
The Commission went against this, however, and drew up guidelines establishing that it was not necessary to have a permanent representative.
The permanent pre-eminence of free and undistorted competition, however, and the subordination of seafarers' rights to competitiveness mean that this report goes against seafarers' interests and the general interest.
On the other hand, however, human health must be protected from diseases transmitted by animals (whether wild animals, pets, or animals for human consumption), and this requires scientific research to show us how to better regulate and protect public health.
At the same time, however, it is directly associated with the objectives for mitigating the impact of climate change, whether by helping to cut greenhouse gas emissions, retain and ensure satisfactory management of water resources, or by boosting production and decentralising sustainable, renewable energy sources.
Although the Court of Auditors believes that the revenue and commitments are free from material error, it is, however, concerned about the high incidence of non-quantifiable errors in budget support commitments and the material level of error in the payments.
Security, however, should not override but rather be compatible with other rights, freedoms and guarantees.
It was adopted, however, by a very large majority (no roll-call vote).
The Union will not, however, endanger civil liberties and fundamental rights.
In the last few months France has sold six frigates to Greece for EUR 2.5 billion, helicopters for more than EUR 400 million, and some Rafale jets (one Rafale jet costs EUR 100 million). Unfortunately, however, my spying efforts do not allow me to say whether it was 10, 20 or 30 Rafale jets.
As I see it, however, we also need an exit procedure for countries that can no longer cope in the euro area.
I do hope, however, that the Council will give its assent to the European Commission proposals by the end of the year.
They are also disappointing because they ignore the crisis: 10 points are set out in a general fashion, with no logical connection between them; they are the sum of good intentions which do not, however, appear to form a policy.
I would like to make two remarks, however, about the new strategy which I believe covers the basics, but it is important to mention two things.
It is, however, clear from the debate which has taken place here across the political spectrum that this document has not aroused any great enthusiasm in the European Parliament.
Development, however, must not mean merely aiding those European regions that already perform above average.
It should, however, be said that as the European Union we are unable to cope with obvious violations of these fundamental rights in Member States of the European Union.
We must, however, be aware that we have a great deal of work ahead of us before the Union becomes a party to the Convention.
The prerequisite for this, however, is that there must be no revival of the hazardous nuclear energy, which is why the production of renewable energy is the conditio sine qua non.
There are, however, two points that appear to be absolutely fundamental to me.
Any concessions must not, however, penalise the traditional car industry, which has done and continues to do a great deal to promote sustainable mobility.
We must not, however, forget that Europe is currently the world leader in the automotive sector, and we cannot put this competitive advantage at risk.
These vehicles are, however, an important alternative that must be given due consideration, despite these problems.
Today, however, they are commemorated as heroes in Latvia.
In this context, however, I would also like to mention the pre-accession aid for Turkey referred to in the discharge report.
On the other hand, however, I can see the objective limits to absolute freedom in this area.
It remains to be seen, however, whether this new means of cooperation will result in more sustainable action to tackle cancer.
I would like, however, to mention one other very important aspect of this disease: the families of patients who are losing the fight against cancer.
In the future, however, it will be important to spend more money, particularly on research.
From head to foot I had 14 tubes dangling out from me, and spent weeks in intensive care; however, I am now here, I am a Member of the European Parliament, I am raising my three children and I am able to live a full life.
This report, however, is about much more than the analysis of the European Investment Bank's activities of two years ago.
In another respect, however, the current economic situation in Europe means that the European Investment Bank needs to carry out a wide-ranging review of its mission.
We are, however - I believe - wasting this valuable resource by not drawing on its expertise in the wider financial crisis.
It is apparent, however, that the conflict always involves extremely poor people.
Let us remember, however, that the densely populated African state, which for years has also been the victim of ongoing political instability, has played host over the years to a wave of Islamic extremism that we must not ignore.
In any case, however, we must applaud the work of Mr Peterle in the hope that the EU will take more extensive measures in the fight against this disease.
For this reason, I agree that the Intergovernmental Conference, which will be convened just to adopt the transitional provisions relating to the remainder of this parliamentary term, should not be preceded by a Convention; this must not, however, constitute a precedent for the future.
We must not, however, forget that Europe is currently the world leader in the automotive sector, and we cannot put this competitive advantage at risk.
Today, however, the Commission is proposing to abolish the existing exemption for the sale of new vehicles.
It is, however, important to continue to make use of the opportunities for innovation that ICT offer us.
The ECR group cannot, however, endorse the concept of a European Public Prosecutor.
That does not, however, mean that responsibility for the country's conflicts lies essentially with Europeans.
What we really need, however, is a fundamental debate on the current monetary system.
This will only be possible, however, if we have strong and, above all, independent policies.
It is regrettable, however, that the Council did not agree to compulsory membership, but simply adopted the system of voluntary membership.
There is, however, a prerequisite to contribute to social security.
In these areas, however, energy saving methods will be rather more difficult and more complicated.
Extending this exemption to all textile products offered to consumers as one-off products would, however, mean that an arguably excessive number of clothing products would be exempt from labelling.
This directive has a different aim and purpose, however, and that is to ensure transparency and offer consumers certainty in the naming of novel fibres and novel materials.
Not just anyhow, however; the fibres must be tested if citizens are genuinely to enjoy the consumer protection that we are always talking about.
I am pleased, however, that there is less of a dispute over country-of-origin labelling for products and their conditions of use.
Perhaps in future, however, people will simply need to delete their RFID number from Google Street View.
Mr President, I think, in finding reasons for the economic recession we find ourselves in, the finger is pointed - and rightly so - at bankers, builders, regulators, speculators, etc. I think, however, the area of public procurement has led to a lot of the problems as well, where there was an element of 'jobs for the boys', a lack of transparency and a lack of integrity.
In many cases, however, it is up to us - the Members of Parliament - to provide coherence for development.
One thing is clear, however: such an office must exist.
The majority in the Committee on Budgets believe, however, that that cannot apply to the same degree to 2011, as the reality has changed.
On the other hand, however, we must give Parliament the opportunity to fulfil all its duties and responsibilities which these same taxpayers have entrusted to it through the Treaty of Lisbon.
Most importantly, however, citizens themselves must be able to take such decisions.
It must be clear, however - and we have established this in the Committee on Budgets and are also recommending it to the plenary - that contributions for SIS II be placed in the reserve, so that we can have more control over the use of these funds.
We regret, however, that certain divergences and procedural issues are hampering the rapid adoption of this proposal.
They must, however, give the Member States freedom to respond to situations in the rest of the world that are priority in humanitarian terms.
I firmly believe, however, that given sufficient political will, we Europeans will be capable of creating an effective, fair and unified resettlement programme.
I would like to declare here, however, that I support shared responsibility for more dignified conditions for legitimate asylum seekers and that I was in favour.
At the same time, however, I would like to point out that until the Commission introduces a public portal with information on the circumstances of suspicious contracts funded by the Union, not much will change.
I still believe, however, that the directive sets very ambitious targets that local administrations will struggle to achieve unless they are given financial aid, including EU aid.
Resettlement cannot and must not, however, be divorced from a shared line of action against illegal immigration.
This must be done, however, without neglecting the legitimate limits set by the Member States.
It has, however, required adjustment and adaptation during the course of its development, and also in view of further requirements that have become apparent.
At the same time, however, I regret the fact that my amendment, which would have made this an obligation, was not included in the final resolution.
The Council is now submitting to us a new type of directive whose scope of application, however, is confined only to agriculture.
Since it was not a codecision procedure, however, it was not possible to do very much against the opposition of some national governments.
The problem does, however, remain open for textile products coming from third countries, our trading partners.
Should this be the case, the solution in these times of exploding state debts, however, can only be more efficiency, not more bureaucracy.
Public authorities are not typical market participants, however; since they manage public funds, they bear a particular responsibility.'
The only long-term guarantee for public services is real European legislation, not judicial decisions, however well-founded they may be.
We would like to stress, however, that there are elements in the report which are in line with our thinking, for example, the point that EU export subsidies for European agricultural products have had a disastrous effect on food security and the development of a viable agricultural sector in developing countries.
Large parts of the report - which was voted through in plenary - are very sound, however, and my 'no' vote should not be interpreted as an unwillingness to participate in the work on Policy Coherence for Development.
Parliament emphasises, however, that living donations must be considered complementary to donations after death.
We must, however, be careful not to introduce pointlessly rigid rules or create further bureaucratic burdens which compromise a process that is currently taking place correctly and efficiently.
I trust, however, that Mr Duff's influence in the new Liberal Democrat-Conservative coalition government will improve this situation.
Accession to the convention, however, does not increase protection for human rights.
What is paramount today, however, is to make it clear that the European Parliament wishes to stress that heinous crimes against humanity cannot go unpunished.
From now on, however, EU laws will be subject to external judicial checks, which will monitor compliance with the convention.
I think, however, that what we have achieved after those 10 years can mean complementarity of the two systems, so perhaps we should depart from such hierarchical thinking.
What is really important, however, is that the Commission now has five years of work ahead of it to implement each of the links in the action plan for the Stockholm Programme step by step.
Achieving these aims, however, requires a method of cooperation between European institutions, and between these institutions and the Member States, which are an indispensable instrument of true cooperation.
At the same time, however, we have given the go-ahead in this Parliament for the European Asylum Support Office to start operating in Malta.
I do not, however, think that anybody can give an answer at this stage as to exactly how we would do that if we were to go to a 30% reduction by 2020.
If it should transpire, however, that a regulatory response is needed, I can assure you that the Commission will waste no time in submitting proposals for European legislation to you.
At the same time, however, oil platforms are still being commissioned, mainly in the North Sea.
It is clear, however, that we have been going down the oil route for generations and this applies to the industrialised nations of Europe in particular.
The airspace closure has, however, raised important questions about airlines fulfilling their obligations when it comes to air passengers' rights, especially in the light of any compensation afforded to the aviation industry.
A 20-day break, however, could perhaps have caused a collapse of the entire industry lasting quite some time.
If we are mean, however, this volcano could do more damage to the European economy than is being forecast.
It is very important, however, that we define our object correctly, because an equation that is poorly expressed is impossible to solve.
That also means, however, that the Member States cannot give the EU significant additional responsibilities without providing the necessary resources.
We are justified in our concern, however, that the current budget does not adequately cover the monetary needs to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
We cannot take it for granted, however, that the young people who are unemployed now will be able to meet this future need for workers.
One might wonder, however, if this procedure will not result in a certain kind of overlap.
At the final vote, however, I voted in favour of the Maňka report, amending Parliament's budget for 2010.
This exchange, however, requires quality and safety standards across the board, as set out in the present directive by Parliament and the Council.
Whilst the draft Commission directive would not permit the use of thrombin as a food additive in meat products served in restaurants or other public establishments serving food, there is, however, a clear risk that meat containing thrombin would find its way into meat products served in restaurants or other public establishments serving food, given the higher prices that can be obtained for pieces of meat served as a single meat product.
There is, however, a considerable discrepancy between the number of patients waiting for a transplant and the number of patients who actually receive one.
To seek to address these problems by creating an EU-wide database is, however, a mistake.
The convention, while not altering the institutional construction of the EU, does, however, add another court, the European Court of Human Rights, which will keep watch over the way in which the Union fulfils its obligations in relation to the provisions of the ECHR.
In any case, however, I anticipate that Parliament will be able to adopt a final position on the EU 2020 strategy in June.
In my opinion, however, we should first have put the question of desirable future development to our citizens and to those it concerns most closely, in other words, mayors and local councillors.
There is a danger now, however, that we will lose jobs on account of administrative decisions.
Worse still, however, the credibility of the euro area has gone up in smoke.
The young generation of Europeans pays the price of the crisis, however, as youth unemployment grows and education and innovation budgets are frozen or cut.
We should not, however, make a mystery out of debt.
There is, however, one area - a quite significant one - that still remains unclear, namely the delivery mechanism.
The first is certainly a stable currency and stable national budgets, which, however, must not be divorced from development and economic growth.
This is also why I fully support the Commission's proposal to have the national budgets inspected in advance by the EU, with the proviso, however, that the national parliaments and the European Parliament are involved in these inspection arrangements.
We must, however, carefully consider how and on what terms we want to improve cooperation between companies and universities.
The key issue, however, is how to achieve these links.
I would like, however, to point out several flaws in the Commission's proposal.
The most important roles, however, fall to the Member States, which have to ensure effective implementation of the proposals if we want to achieve the intended plans.
I must say to you, however, that your speech seemed entirely improper to me.
The remaining units, however, were closed under the agreement, the region suffered power cuts and the substitute plants resulted in an increase in greenhouse gases.
The answer was no, however, and instead, the EU showed its solidarity with Bulgaria in the form of considerable sums in financial assistance.
At the same time, however, we need to recognise that there are some ongoing issues of a political nature, especially the Palestinian question and the undefined status of Western Sahara, and that they have hampered the requisite progress.
We all know that the Mediterranean basin is a point at which many cultures meet; at the same time, however, it is a nerve centre and a 'boiler' which has been bubbling for many years now.
All due respect to Mr Albertini, however, for taking a brave position.
At the same time, however, it does not include any concrete proposal to combat the existing political problems that beset the area.
On the other hand, however, to turn a blind eye and pretend that nothing is 'going on' in Gaza, for example, is a huge mistake that prevents us from dusting down the problems.
Just one town, however, out of these thousands of towns and villages on the shores of the Mediterranean, just one town is uninhabited.
Let me stress, however, that the responsibility for the establishment of a constructive framework for engagement is a joint effort.
As regards nuclear energy in general, however, I would like to say that many citizens are confused by it, and in my own country, almost everyone is against nuclear energy due to the terrible disasters which occurred in Sellafield and in Chernobyl.
Parliament, however, rejected financing by these funds for polluting lignite power plants.
After that, however, an inverse logic is introduced in specific proposals.
I would like to emphasise, however, the concerns arising from situations relating to women's rights, gender equality and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation: areas where the strengthening of European influence may be a factor for positive change.
At the same time, however, we are keen to acknowledge the excellent developments that have taken place under the present government in Pakistan, and we encourage the country to continue with the democratic policy of reform that respects the rights of minorities.
The Commission draft does not live up to these requirements, however, since it is based on assumptions and suppositions concerning consumers' wishes and requirements, imposes unrealistic labelling requirements - such as the 3 mm font size, which does not even ensure that the information is legible, and favours big business to the detriment of SMEs - which actually make up 80% of the food sector.
In the final event, however, consumers will no longer bother reading if we in fact overload the front of the products with further information.
There is no College decision, however, and consequently, we need this to be clarified once and for all.
What I think we need is a good dose of common sense in labelling so that consumers receive the right information. More importantly, however, I believe that colour coding will also have the effect of stigmatising produce.
On the other hand, however, we also still need nutritional profiles, because only these can ensure that consumers are not misled as to whether a food is healthy and whether the ingredients really promote health and a good diet.
In addition to this, however, we definitely need clarification and education in the area of nutrition. That includes wholesome food from a healthy environment as well as the requisite amount of exercise.
What really does not belong in this regulation, however, is responsibility for the origin of the ingredients of a product.
At present, however, no coordinated labelling requirement exists among the Member States.
Unfortunately, however, it was not clear from Mr Rehn's statement why such an audit was necessary.
(FR) Mr President, please excuse me but I am speaking again following the question asked by Mr Schulz and your very clear reply, which, however, is contrary to what I am told by Parliament's services.
The final results show, however, 'in favour', 'abstentions' and 'against'.
To hand responsibility over to the President of Parliament, however impartial he may be, for selecting a Member to represent the non-attached Members at the Conference of Presidents, based on goodness only knows what criteria, instead of to the non-attached Members themselves, I truly think goes against the general principles of law and against the case-law of the European Court of Justice.
Providing clear and more detailed common rules that do not, however, adversely affect administrative efficiency will reward the virtuous regions and penalise those that do not define their requirements and projects with sufficient accuracy.
Greater transparency, in my opinion, requires the introduction of clear rules on the publication of information, which must not, however, result in an excessive administrative burden for potential recipients, who are already struggling with the complicated administrative requirements.
This international support will, however, be coming to an end in 2010.
Therefore, without undermining the objectives of this regulation, if we are to approve it, we should not, however, forget that the present climate of austerity will naturally have a bearing on any other plan.
This vote does not, however, concern deregulation, which is already in the treaty.
There are, however, serious doubts over the interpretation of Article 12(2a), which provides for the establishment of one-stop shops.
It is to be feared, however, that all the advantages of the new technology will be outweighed by the disadvantages.
For democratic values to be promoted, however, it is vital that governments refrain from imposing censorship and I therefore welcome the provisions of paragraph 13.
The risk of unanimity around this concept is, however, that it will become deflated, as has happened with other fads such as the environment, economic sustainability or supporting entrepreneurship.
It is up to us, however, to make the world a fairer and safer place where everyone can live with a modicum of dignity.
I am, however, disappointed that this report has mixed noble objectives with sensitive issues relating to individual conscience, such as abortion.
The significance of climate change among the problems that the developing countries face should not, however, be exaggerated.
Little has been achieved in recent decades, however; rather, development policy initiatives have often moved in the opposite direction.
We should also be able to expect, however, that states which receive development aid take back migrants who have entered our countries illegally.
So far, however, the EU and its Member States have not met their obligations.
At a time when we are seeking to strengthen economic governance, however, we need to see more of the Community method.
Mr Gauzès just pre-empted me by saying that there is a difference between the rating of private businesses and that of sovereign debt. In both cases, however, the problem is the same; in other words, is the methodology right?
I do wonder, however, if a thermometer is really a suitable metaphor for rating agencies.
The solutions, however, appear less straightforward, so let us keep level-headed and find the right solution, being careful not to overreact with serious consequences.
At the same time, however, we have made sure that we have a document detailing basic information so that those employees who benefit from this form of participation can have an idea about what it is they are getting.
This initial position does not, however, mean that a review cannot be considered if exceptional circumstances exist or arise, as has happened in the past on several occasions, in this planning period.
This can, however, only be done if the other financing options have been considered.
I do, however, think it is important to point out something else.
In actual fact, however, they have not been fully realised because the political force needed has not been there.
In this regard however, there are, unfortunately, also some negative anomalies, like Austria, my home country.
At the same time, however, there have been no improvements with regard to closing the gap between women's and men's pay.
I believe, however, that there are three issues that should be emphasised by the Commission, by us in our work and by the Member States.
We need to remember, however, that research cannot solve everything.
We have to remember, however, that these regions must be connected with one another.
Above all, however, it must be a European system of evaluation which does not operate according to two standards.
On a serious note, however, we have the Treaty of Lisbon, which obliges us to take very serious action in a situation which is wrong and which it has not been possible to solve for years.
You can, however, rest assured of the support of this House in maintaining a workable CAP and a workable budget, and this forms a good basis for ongoing discussion.
The military have a phrase 'no names, no pack-drill'; however, a member of the PPE Group voted against this report in committee.
It is, however, way too early to discuss what these measures could cover.
Now, however, we all know that it will cost European taxpayers a great deal.
This agreement, however, continues to allow the mass transfer of data (bulk data).
After long and careful consideration, however, we are now able to vote in favour of the agreement: the Social Democrats have succeeded in providing for the establishment of permanent European monitoring in connection with the extraction of the data directly on the ground in the US Treasury Department - including the facility to stop the extraction of data.
The continued monitoring of this agreement will be crucial, however, to ensure the terms remain acceptable to this Parliament and European citizens.
Each country's progress towards EU membership depends, however, on its efforts to meet the Copenhagen criteria and comply with the conditions attached to the stabilisation and association process, which I hope are successfully achieved by the country.
I fear, however, that the willingness of politicians and the ratification of the Convention by several States might not be enough to readily achieve the desired results.
In general, however, the report represents the consolidation and further development of the reforms of the EU's agricultural policy that have been carried out over the last few years.
With imports, however, adherence to our own rules can hardly be monitored.
Today, however, we are talking about someone for whom diamonds may become a curse.
Well, there are reports that during North Korea's previous appearance in the World Cup finals 40 years ago, when the country's players achieved great success, their performance was not, however, satisfactory to the authorities of the Korean regime. Afterwards, the players met with repression, and they were held in forced labour camps.
I would like to underline, however, that of all those violations, the public executions where children are present are perhaps the most disgusting.
This is, however, at complete variance with the eye-witness reports of refugees and defectors.
We must not, however, delude ourselves: all sanctions which strike at the regime inevitably leave their mark on society.
We should not forget, however, that the global fight against the death penalty is a success story.
In doing that, however, we must take into account what the actual situation is here.
Given the need for the vehicle density of some states to catch up, it will instead tend to increase slightly - however efficient we make it.
As the Commissioner has just said, however, we cannot simply wave a magic wand and get rid of oil within the next 10 years.
These amendments should, however, be the responsibility of the democratic institutions of Scotland - and knee jerk reactions from this Parliament are unlikely to solve any problems.
It should be, however, because we are underestimating the importance of this matter.
In order to achieve this, however, the European Union does need to speak with one voice.
One thing is clear, however, and that is that we have to halt the loss of biodiversity no matter what.
It has also been said, however - and there are studies demonstrating it - that by 2050, these costs may have increased to 7% of gross domestic product, but the return from investment in preserving biodiversity is 100 times greater.
These are very important objectives and we should not undermine these important objectives, particularly transparency, when we try to pursue other objectives, however important or relevant those might be.
Europe must be more competitive and able to face up to the challenges of globalisation without, however, refraining from being inclusive and aiming for development that is sustainable and which guarantees social integration.
This work must continue, however, and the advantages of visa-free movement around the European must also be granted to the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania and, in the future, perhaps Kosovo as well.
What I am worried about, however, is the Council of Ministers.
What worries me, however - and I want to make this point - is that we are compelling the introduction, at the same time, of biometric data.
The proposal was not, however, taken forward due to Albania's shortcomings with regard to reintegrating repatriated Albanians.
This year, however, the parliaments and governments of these countries have successfully passed their resits.
As the rapporteur for Kosovo, I also have to say, however - and this point is partly addressed to Mrs Flašíková Beňová, who, I think, is unfortunately no longer in the Chamber - that Kosovo is an independent State. This is true despite the five EU Member States that have not yet recognised it, that do not want to see the reality.
What we are offering them, however, is the fundamental right of every European citizen, the right to travel freely.
In particular, however, this will be important as regards relations between the peoples who are living, I might say, only a few kilometres from us.
Returning to today's debate, however, I would like to discuss three issues, with regard to which I share Mr Karas's concerns.
Mr Schmidt also raised the issue of a cumulative effect; however, I have answered this question in my point about the three-way balance, which is something we are going to be watching very closely.
On the other hand, however, we must be aware that financial security also costs.
Irrespective of this welcome flexibility on the Commission's part, however, there is nonetheless clearly a need to ask the fundamental question of whether the system of determining penalties that we are currently looking at still, in any way, corresponds to the principles of the rule of law.
Regional policy, cohesion policy, however, is a kind of policy that is capable, including under the auspices of shared management, of making European policy something that European citizens can see and grasp.
I must warn, however, that the plan is to achieve this efficiency by applying one and the same set of rules to everyone.
The cohesion policy should, however, become one of the main spending priorities of the European budget.
This does, however, have to be done within the overall structure, working in a balanced way with synergies within territorial cohesion policy.
In other words, you - the Commission, the IMF and the European Central Bank - have imposed a miserable memorandum on Greece, which cuts public spending, cuts wages, cuts incomes; at the same time, however, in response to my questions to the Commission about why there is a delay in the take-up of Community funds by Greece, the reply was: the inadequate liquidity of public finances; in other words, the essence of its political memorandum.
The debate that has taken place subsequently, however, has been dominated by talk of budgetary discipline and little else.
It is possible, however, to discuss the addition of other measurable indicators for determining eligibility for assistance within the framework of regional policy, insofar as their significance can be proven.
EU 2020 will be an important component of the future cohesion policy; however, it cannot become its substitute.
It is, however, regrettable that the situation of illegal immigrants is totally ignored.
I would, however, stress the fact that, following successive warnings and reports, an alternative source of payment appropriations to unused ESF funds has been set up.
I voted against the joint motion for a resolution, however, because, to a large extent, Congolese military and police units trained by the EU's EUPOL and EUSEC missions since 2005 were, and are, also involved in these crimes.
Our efforts towards peace and stability in the region, however, have so far brought no tangible results.
Europe must, however, remain competitive in this sector and continue prospecting for gas so that it can diversify its energy sources.
We have to criticise the fact, however, that a resolution on this subject should completely ignore the issues of the physical limits of oil reserves, humanity's extreme and worrying dependence on this primary energy source, the need for fair and careful management of existing reserves, and the need to seek other, alternative sources of energy supply.
I think, however, that a significantly greater threat to the environment is the discontinuation of agricultural activity.
In our opinion, however, this report does not have the answer to the question of how this should be provided.
It is, however, unacceptable to use this cause in order to force the introduction of fundamental and non-negotiable human values, as is the case with the right to life.
In my opinion, however, this report does not have acceptable answers to the question of how this should be done.
The European Social Fund's role could, however, be strengthened further.
We need much more than ESF funds, however. We need to change policies.
There is, however, a need for increased flexibility and a simplification of the rules surrounding the fund.
We must succeed, however, and there is no doubt that good facilities for childcare are the way forward.
A second and equally important initiative, however, is full pay during maternity leave.
Mothers, however, do not have to take any responsibility for it.
These changes, however well-meaning, will actually have the effect of setting back the process of achieving equality for working mothers.
At the same time, however, we must be practical and realistic.
Precarious work has long been a cause of concern; however, the current economic and financial crisis has made the issue of precarious work and especially the issue of women in precarious employment very urgent, and I would urge the Commission to act to protect women in a vulnerable situation employed in precarious circumstances.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, however, has adopted amendments that do not respect the differences between national systems or financial realities.
However, there is another side to this. The Parliament's equality with the Council must involve a relative reduction in the power of that body, which represents - however badly in the case of my own country - the interests of nation states.
In the meantime, however, the Member States are negotiating bilaterally with the United States about the transfer of personal data, or rather, giving the United States access to European databases, including passenger data.
We all know, however, that things should be quite different.
If the situation is already bad, however, it is becoming even worse if reports are confirmed that certain Member States have been negotiating Memoranda of Understanding with the US which allow the direct transfer of data regarding passengers who are travelling from those Member States to the US.
I am, however, complaining about the Member States that are breaking with the negotiations that we should be having at European level.
On the other hand, however, it then says that the Commission asked the US Government not to request data which undermine access to European databases.
To be honest, however, I think we are not working from the same facts.
If there is no such proposal, however, please understand that we, too, are very sensitive about citizens' data and are trying to protect them, but we also try to respect the Member States and to respect the Council.
It is no secret, however, that the Commission is not very happy with the result achieved here.
In the case of migratory species such as mackerel, however, we also need an agreement that applies in territorial waters.
In the context of inspections, it should, however, be pointed out that there is no uniform system of distributing quotas or reporting catches by individual Member States.
Today, however, these mechanisms must be simpler and more effective.
In our view, however, there is no point in doing so now.
None of that, however, can take precedence over the criteria of merit and professional excellence.
As always, however, it will be the taxpayer who pays for these 'efficiencies'.
My second comment, however, is one that I would like to reiterate with regard to what has repeatedly been at the centre of this debate, namely, the question of geographical balance.
In contrast to these people, however, as the European institutions, we remain vague and inconsistent in all of our strategies and we create framework conditions that, in turn, hamper the fight against poverty.
That, however, would be questionable, even from the perspective of social entitlement.
The minimum income, however, varies by nearly 50%.
Even in the countries that are doing better, however, such as Belgium, integration incomes still often fall below the poverty threshold.
I am quite sure, however, that when these changes are transposed, some compromise solutions will need to be evaluated, and it will be essential to carry out any resulting adjustments so long as they are considered feasible in terms of the convention itself.
The European institutions, however, suffer from the major fault of not practising what they preach.
We must, however, do whatever is required to speed up the mobilisation of this instrument, particularly in view of its positive role in tackling the economic crisis.
At the same time, however, it is appropriate to question Parliament's role in this review.
I believe, however, that in the light of the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Parliament should be represented in future discussions on international conventions.
In this case, however, we have a proposed amendment which strengthens the fishing opportunities for the European Union, under the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, which is to be welcomed.
We cannot, however, fail to point out the regrettable delay in calling Parliament to rule on this matter.
Such change should, however, be managed to avoid speculation to the detriment of the weakest individuals in contractual terms, particularly those who find themselves in disadvantaged situations.
As usual, however, this type of report is full of rather vague, blanket proposals that are actually unacceptable, and is rooted in strong leftist, ecological and pro-immigration connotations.
The local social systems and social measures are, however, designed to cushion the hardworking local population if the need arises.
in writing. - This was a crucial report and I am glad the EP has adopted it, mainly because it points out the gendered nature of precarious employment and recalls the shift in the labour market from standard to non-standard types of employment, making it necessary to prevent non-standard types of employment from becoming precarious work; considers that, in order to combat these problems, the Member States and social partners must be asked to align to a large extent their legislative and contractual rules on standard work and atypical work, so as to prevent the most convenient and least expensive forms of work from taking precedence, taking into account, however, the risks of a possible increase in undeclared work; and urges the Council and the Commission to identify the characteristics of precarious employment in the guidelines for the Member States' employment policies and in the new gender equality strategy.
On the other hand, however, we cannot, of course, remain indifferent in the face of the facts about which I spoke earlier, namely, that we have new areas for which the European Union has to take up responsibility, but that these areas do not have appropriate financial provision.
We cannot reach an agreement with the Council, however, because in our view, this is, in fact, a new task which is not included in the preliminary draft budget, and we invented an instrument called the flexibility instrument for precisely this type of situation.
The Council has taken note, however, of the European Parliament's priorities on youth, education and mobility and may consider these priorities in the context of a global agreement.
What this can achieve, however, is to ruin solidarity between Member States and make deployed programmes impossible.
Above all, however, there were attempts to take that money from agricultural policy; fortunately, it was not taken from there, but from research, which is not much better.
The real rationale at stake is, however, this one.
We all, however, know we have to be careful with EU spending and therefore we need to make sure that the EU spends its money wisely.
We cannot, however, content ourselves with a recession budget, in which we would have to go back on our common commitments, and possibly our international commitments too.
What we do want, however, is for the funds to be spent much more shrewdly, in a way that enables us to really achieve European added value.
According to its own benchmark, however, it is only permitted to have 87.
By 2012, however, that number will have risen to 3 million and, for 2020, we are planning some 15 million student exchange opportunities.
Still, however, it is in this document, stating that maybe these kinds of incomes can be used.
The ACP countries, however, have estimated the necessary accompanying measures at far more than EUR 190 million.
The Commission is fully aware, however, of the need to ensure a high level of protection of children who are a particularly vulnerable category of users.
I have not, however, received any signals concerning this problem of road safety that school buses is an issue that is badly handled.
The second aspect to the new path, however, is the positive incentives and the new instruments, for example, the naming of customers with good payment practices, more information provided to small businesses concerning their rights, payment in instalments and the promotion of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms.
We cannot sit back, however, as someone suggested, but must make sure that these rules are adopted quickly by the Member States, which have 24 months at most to do so, although we hope some of them may take less time.
At the same time, however, I would like to ask the Commission to be much more stringent and much swifter in calling to account the Member States that do not transpose the law that we lay down here.
The intention and the aim, however, must be to bring about long-term changes and to put preventative measures in place.
These claims, however, cannot both be true at the same time.
The French authorities, however, deny the existence of such a database.
In the interests of decency, however, it must be said that France has to put a stop to the deportations of Roma, and it is also important for those Roma who have been unjustly deported to have their return to France facilitated.
What should be pointed out, however, is that this work has not been completed, because it also involves Parliament remaining vigilant against the temptation of populism, which looks for scapegoats for the problems of social exclusion rather than solutions or responses.
It could, however, envisage a second period of commitment under the Kyoto Protocol on several conditions.
We also, however, know that we have been able to find answers as the European Union.
There is one more thing, however: if our fine couple had glanced across the channel from Deauville, they would have seen the white cliffs of the British coast, where a referendum is required for their amendments to the treaty - at least, if Mr Cameron is to be believed.
The best way to combat a crisis, however, is through policies of growth.
Above all, however, it is also being conducted to the detriment of wages.
Economics, however, is not an exact science and it is not just about numbers.
A perfect example, once again, is the 'Deauville deal', which undermines the Community method and is a reflection of the delusions of grandeur still had by some Member States. At the end of the day, however, which of us is still great?
Under the new rules of the internal financial market, however, it is high time that the currency union were strengthened and, at the same time, public debt, in particular, reduced in order to secure the future of the European economic area.
We should be pleased, however, that we have taken an important step towards a unified and effective foreign representation of the EU, since given the current and future challenges, this is one of the most important aspects of EU policy.
The EU, however, must have the ability to react to policy changes caused by major challenges.
This increased power must, however, be accompanied by a high sense of responsibility and realism imposed by the persistent economic crisis.
Redirecting money into nuclear research, however, cannot be in the interests of the people of Europe and this money would be better spent, for example, on renewable energy sources.
I agree with extending the period of maternity leave to a minimum of 20 weeks with full pay, while providing, however, a certain flexibility to the states which already have provisions for this kind of leave.
Policies that support families and the birth rate, like those that we advocate, are, however, cross-sectional and are not confined to extending maternity leave.
These and other aspects persuade me to support the need, however, to leave Member States plenty of room for flexibility in establishing rules on leave when necessary.
We must not, however, forget that motherhood and fatherhood are essential rights if we are to ensure the possibility of achieving a work-life balance.
A system like ours is not, however, available to everyone in Europe.
In other countries, however, this finally means laying the basis for guaranteeing dignity to mothers.
In the final vote, however, we did not want to vote in favour of Parliament's legislative proposal because it went against several principles that are very important to us.
Above all, however, Member States should be encouraged to make better use of the Structural Funds at their disposal.
The ultimate objective, however, is full integration into the labour market, which is what enables genuine social cohesion.
I have always called for, and I already included this in my election programme for the 2009 European elections, the introduction of a minimum income equivalent to 60% of the average income for each citizen of the Union. Today, however, this House has unfortunately voted against this legislative proposal at Community level.
The minimum income is, however, calculated for each country, and thus does not contribute to social convergence within Europe.
There is one thing, however, that is quite unconvincing: the real, deep-seated cause that unleashed the economic crisis we find ourselves in was not given adequate attention, although it is included in the recitals of the text.
Before this, however, I consider it necessary to review the financial regulation sector that has proved not only fallacious but one of the main causes of the crisis.
There is, however, a need for continued detailed debate on one issue in particular, a CCCTB.
There is, however, a need for continued, detailed debate on one issue in particular, a CCCTB.
In the light of recent agreements, I do not, however, support the introduction of numerical rules that could prove too mechanistic for some Member States and difficult to achieve.
There is also a need, however, to keep a closer eye on the national budgets and the competitiveness of the Member States.
If Parliament and the Commission prevail, however, the biggest innovation in the content of the text in the mid-term review will be the explicit expansion of the remit to include small arms and light weapons (SALWs).
It can already be said, however, that it does a lot of meaningful and important work.
In a few years' time, however, we need to very intensively devote ourselves to a comprehensive evaluation of this kind.
Strong mechanisms to prevent corruption and misuse of EU money are, however, fundamental and we should also be careful not to force our own western liberal values, in particular, so-called reproductory rights, on to others ill-equipped or reluctant to absorb them under the guise of human rights.
Worst of all, however, is the Brantner report.
Is, however, democracy as we know it the democracy that we want to - and must - export?
Surely, however, this should be done with caution, following lengthy investigation of any potential negative, rather than positive, results?
Above and beyond the flexibility given to these instruments, however, I would like to stress the importance of really ensuring that small organisations and structures, too, can benefit from these grants, because nowadays, we are unfortunately too often faced with situations in which only large NGOs benefit from them, and only for a short period.
That does not mean, however, that we can rule out occasional problems in application in future.
Disturbing reports from Ukraine, however, indicate developments that distance the country from Europe.
We must, however, continue to stress the importance of cooperation with Ukraine and monitor the implementation of agreements that have been concluded.
We also see, however, that the Council is silent on the question of the massive north/south divide in the European Union.
There are many unanswered questions, however, such as what will the impact on industries in the European Union really be?
Exceptional measures in favour of one country should not, however, cause a crisis in other countries.
On the other hand, however, members have also raised this point.
I must say, however, that I do see merit in third-country labelling when it comes to food products.
More often than not, however, they have no way of knowing where the product was made, where the materials from which it is made came from, and what technological procedures the manufacturer used for its processing.
You raised a question in relation to patents: on the one hand, the title of this agreement clearly points in a different direction; however, on the other hand, our businesses are experiencing enormous problems in this regard and I would suggest that perhaps we could discuss this issue with you in detail on Monday when you attend the meeting of the Committee on International Trade.
I understand from speaking to legal experts, however, that it is very difficult to codify that in an agreement.
Firstly, you say, Commissioner, that this text will not change the EU acquis, but what about the new criminal sanctions for the crime of aiding and abetting copyright infringements, which, however, you wish to distinguish from counterfeiting?
Does it really wish to surrender its independence to the EU, however much it might receive in pieces of silver?
Let me say first, however, that this debate is proof that maritime policy matters.
At the same time, however, as an ardent advocate of the competitiveness of European shipping, I personally have serious reservations and grave concerns about the amendment which Mrs Meissner tabled a few days ago.
I do not, however, support the resurrection of the concept of a European coastguard.
For inland regions, however, the priority is to connect maritime policy with a policy of better, rational use of the main European waterways; see point 40 of the report.
It must be said, however, that the resolution does not go very far in this direction.
Parliament, however, did not find any major shortcomings in the provisions of the instrument as such.
Although it is acknowledged that small and medium-sized enterprises are the backbone of the European economy, the measures provided for in the report will, however, create difficult conditions precisely for these small and medium-sized enterprises.
It is necessary, however, not to forget the outermost regions of Europe that may be affected by the importing of certain agricultural products, particularly the Portuguese region of Madeira with respect to banana imports.
I will, however, take note of what you said.
I would be really saddened, however, if Parliament did not complete this enquiry and I propose that, above all, you do not close the accounts, Mr President and ladies and gentlemen.
What is important, however, is that we can guarantee that the civil rights contained in the future agreement are enforceable, and are enforceable in favour of everyone concerned.
At the same time, however, we need to tell the US that we also have other partners.
I am convinced, however, that the United States was founded on the principles of freedom, democracy and fundamental rights and shares our respect for individual rights in relation to state authorities.
I should like to conclude, however, by mentioning one more aspect that is particularly important to us as Parliament: only when we succeed in creating a uniform framework within the EU will we gain the trust of our citizens in respect of transatlantic data protection.
These values could, however, end up being diluted in rhetoric and languishing if we do not move from words to actions.
It does not mean, however, that the opportunities are not there.
If we want Europe's voice to be heard on the major issues, however, it really has to take the initiative and to speak with one voice.
I am very pleased, however, that President Obama has brought a breath of fresh air into the US, even if his position may appear to have been weakened somewhat recently.
The economic recovery, however, has to be issue number one on the agenda.
It is time, however, that we reviewed this image.
We need to be quite clear about this: we will never achieve one hundred percent security, however many measures we take and however much data we collect.
Commissioner, in the negotiations with our American friends, however, we must insist that the new framework agreement is balanced and correct with regard to the rights of EU citizens in the area of personal data protection.
Security is, however, now one of the European Union's objectives, as the Commissioner herself acknowledged.
When it comes to defending human rights, however, the United States is far from being a model, and we know that European citizens do not enjoy the same protection there as in Europe and that a number of them are regularly subjected to what I would call administrative harassment - and what is worse - on the grounds that they are suspected of being terrorists.
It must be said, however, that this strategy has a number of shortcomings, particularly in the area of personal data protection, as has been mentioned here several times.
It is important to bear in mind, however, that its effectiveness depends solely on the exchange of data with the US being entirely reciprocal.
Above all, however, we have been working to convince others for years.
At the same time, however, I do not like the idea of us turning Europe into a fortress or even a prison or of European institutions seeking to invest not being able to do so outside Europe.
Unfortunately, however, a major opportunity has been missed once again.
Secondly, there are, however, also many proposals which are worded in too vague a manner for us to be able to assess them yet.
For me, however, achieving free movement of services remains a priority, and this, in turn, requires further work on implementation of the Services Directive.
I must, however, agree with the statement made yesterday by Professor Mario Monti.
There are, however, many aspects that remain to be determined, particularly when it comes to clarifying and defining future projects and setting priorities.
We cannot, however, carry on this way, leaving small businesses out.
We need to remember, however, that it does not provide instant relief for the situation as it is now.
We do, however, realise there is a deficit regarding respect for human rights in Kazakhstan, something which is being reported, among others, by organisations which monitor human rights.
Despite this, however, not all the objectives of the Helsinki Process have been fully achieved.
Today, however, products manufactured in Taiwan account for more than 97% of the country's exports.
Elderly people who can and wish to remain active on the labour market can still make a contribution to the development of society without, however, feeling obliged to do so.
Otherwise, however, we were in agreement in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Simplification of sectoral legislation remains, however, an important route to a significant improvement in the quality of spending.
In other areas, however, there has actually been a rise, which is quite simply not good enough.
In that case, however, it is also clear who will be responsible if the error rate increases next year.
We must still see what we can do to improve, however, because there are still too many things that are not right, particularly in very sensitive sectors such as agriculture and cohesion, with often worrying error rates in sectors where fraud in areas such as contracts and over-invoicing is rife.
In my opinion, however, this is not enough.
The falling error rate, however, means nothing less than that, according to the Court of Auditors, several billion euro of EU funds have been used incorrectly or irregularly, which may even give rise to the suspicion of crime.
This year's report, however, also shows that we cannot rest on our laurels, and that we need to remain vigilant.
I am also interested, however, in the fact that we have had information that a case has been passed on to the European Anti-Fraud Office in relation to the Economic and Social Committee.
While we are talking about important measures related to green energy, let us, however, remember that the idea that green energy will solve our energy problems is an illusion.
In the face of all this, however, picking up on an objection raised by many Members, including Mr Geier, Mr Turmes and Mr Cancian, I wish to say to the Commissioner that the sticking point will be the implementation, the choice of financial intermediaries, the relationship with local authorities and how their financial difficulties are dealt with.
Let us remember, however, that it is our unconditional obligation to guarantee farmers permanent access to feed.
Even with this transfer, however, I can assure you that we have the budget we need to be able to apply the requisite measures.
Economic recovery, however, has to be the number one issue on the agenda.
It must be stressed, however, that this provision is very urgently needed.
That, however, will require the vision, capacity and courage of a new strategy.
Finally, now that the terrorist threat is appearing to get clearer, I hope that the EU and the United States will collaborate fully in this domain, without, however, taking measures that might be too intrusive of the private lives of individuals.
On account of the new global scenario and balance of power, however, I think we need to make our collaboration with Washington more operational, and for the EU to assert itself as a credible partner, it is vital to put across not just an image of cohesion but also the ability to take on concrete commitments.
The Union will not, however, endanger civil liberties and fundamental rights.
In the digital age, however, it is crucial to pay particular attention to the enforcement and protection of civil liberties and fundamental rights, including the right to privacy and data protection.
On the other hand, however, it puts forward basic measures that, in practice, put the rights of older people and of workers in general at risk.
We voted against the report for all these reasons, although we acknowledge that it has certain positive aspects, which are, however, threatened by the neoliberal policies that the report advocates.
That, however, is not enough at a time of intense international competition like the present.
It has become obvious that research is vital for improving people's lives, provided, however, that there is a visible link.
They have also done so, however, at the cost of such complexity in the rules for participation that the cooperation of our best researchers is at serious risk.
Secondly, however, Mr Daul suggested it in a comment made at the Conference of Presidents.
This means that we must proceed properly, however. Proceeding properly includes discussing the events this week.
In the final event, however, the structural reform process - combined with the revision of the regulatory framework for financial policy - may strengthen the euro area.
What really helps, however, are stringent, strict budgetary discipline and the accompanying automatic penalties.
Make no mistake, however: we cannot continue like this in the medium term.
What I would like, however, and I believe I am expressing the viewpoint of the Members in this Chamber, is for this new system to be up and running before the end of this legislature, so that the current transitory system need not be re-extended.
There is only one exception, however. It relates to reducing the delay for notifying entry into port from four hours to one hour.
There is one amendment, however, that does not go in the right direction, namely, your acceptance of the Council Presidency's compromise of around 5 000 tonnes.
I would, however, like a clearer answer, Commissioner.
I should like to reiterate, however, that the doctor must continue to be the trusted point of contact for the patient and must undoubtedly have an influence over decisions.
That is why we have various channels, however, and I think it is so widespread that we do not need to worry about that.
It is, however, not easy to regulate web content in a globalised digital environment.
In that case, however, we must vote for the doctor himself to be able to decide and not for this directive to govern what doctors are to give to patients.
Instead of supporting these manufacturers with good initiatives, however, the EU is behind the times.
On the one hand, this agreement strengthens environmental protection needs, by banning substances which are deemed to be hazardous following reliable scientific tests; on the other hand, however, it prevents other materials, the risks of which have not been scientifically proven, from being blacklisted to the detriment of producers and researchers, but, above all, to the detriment of consumers.
Condemnation aside, however, we must go beyond mere declarations, otherwise they just become a mantra.
These are not, however, the only issues that should be considered.
Our rules state, however, that unless the Council decides unanimously, the Commission proposal cannot be legally modified.
These will merely be words, however, if, in the future, Parliament allows the Member States to squander billions on its coal mines.
Future requests for aid, and the number is growing steadily, risk being blocked, however, due to failure to approve the 2011 budget.
The European Commission gave its approval to the EUR 13 million going to Ireland, however, because the Commission recognised that the flooding that hit Ireland at the end of 2009 was a unique regional disaster.
Fortunately, however, we have this resource available to us.
There are some specific aspects of these six applications that is important to point out, in addition to the delay in the process of approval by the European Commission, which, however, is now the norm unfortunately.
I do, however, have certain doubts as to whether one Member State supporting its economy in this way will not reduce stability in the European market.
It is true, however, that a clause has been included allowing the introduction of new fishing opportunities where necessary.
At this time of financial struggle across Europe, we question, however, the need for the establishment of a permanent EU operational headquarters and what added value it would bring to the positive work already being done.
The fishery has, however, been closed for five years, and this has directly affected fishermen and their families, as well as the income that revolved around that employment sector, which includes net menders and the canning industry.
I think, however, that we should elaborate and clarify the formula for these meetings.
When developing European areas of freedom, security and justice, however, respect must always be shown for the principle of subsidiarity, which encourages respect for individuals and for the traditions that form an integral part of their history.
There are several problems in the commercial areas, however, and it would probably be more important to ensure trademark protection by recourse to civil jurisdiction rather than criminal.
Once again, however, we will hear a whole host of reasons for not wanting an agreement.
This does not, however, benefit anyone, nor does it benefit the 'cohesion countries'.
Unfortunately, however, this will also come into play to a certain extent.
It is depressing, however, that despite agreeing the numbers, there is still no agreement on the budget.
We all agree, however, as the Commission also affirmed today, that we should ask for greater flexibility to meet the needs of Europe.
Europe, however, is not solely made up of the European market but of the European citizen, too.
One significant element is the virtual market, which still has huge potential for development - on condition, however, of the establishment of a truly single market in the Internet.
When the Barroso Commission was created, it promised that the submission of its proposals will, in each case, be preceded by an evaluation of their social impact; however, I do not see any trace of this in the current work programme.
But - however nice things are, there is always a 'but' - I first of all want to raise the question of security.
The Commission should be alert, however, to the increasing phenomenon of external migration that is being recorded in Greece; young, skilled and highly skilled members of the labour force are emigrating to Canada, Australia and the Emirates.
During this phase, we have just gathered details of the national programmes developed by the Member States, and after analysing these and looking at the practical solutions and undertakings they made, we will be able to come forward with further suggestions. The most important one here, however, is to shape a macro-economic environment in Europe that will facilitate a continued, robust recovery.
It also serves, however, as a reminder to the international community of the need for reform in China.
Another explanation, however, might be that the European Commission auditors were due to come and inspect Scotland both in October and last week in November.
I fear, however, that what we are getting is not that.
On the other hand, however, it is important to ensure fair transparency in aid distribution and guarantee more resources to states that actually need them.
What I feel is very much lacking, however, and was not adopted from my amendments, is the financial recognition of apiculture's effect of creating common good.
If I listen to Mr Barroso, however, I get more of an impression that - and I quote - 'some of the more recent positioning has not contributed to coherence'.
On the other hand, however, you yourself are proposing to amend the treaty to enable the creation of the permanent crisis mechanism, a mechanism we need.
It is a fact, however, that all the governments that are an expression of our political families put spanners in the works every day, so that these grand political projects can be realised.
On the subject of cooperation, however, allow me to make a comment.
(EL) Mr President, the announcements of the results of the G20 summit were important, there can be no doubt of that; however, a second reading raises important questions on certain points.
Once again, however, we would like to criticise the delays in mobilising the fund.
Political stability and democratic development in Moldova are, however, essential for the implementation of the protocol.
There is therefore a very good intention behind this; however, it must be part of a more comprehensive health education strategy, which focuses on the patient and not on the pharmaceutical company.
They do, however, have the virtue of seeking to enable the Member States to regulate as far as possible the dissemination of information published by those companies.
I cannot, however, vote for such a weak text.
Now that Parliament has made major changes, however, I can support the proposal.
A major drawback, however, is the long list of exclusions, including photovoltaic panels.
At national level, however, regulatory measures are essential, particularly in the context of cross-border projects.
I would like, however, to see similar action in the case of other pipelines, including Nord Stream.
In opening up energy markets, however, we have ignored the issues of market transparency and comprehensiveness.
At the same time, however, we must not stop using old energy sources either, which can certainly be improved using innovative technologies, according to the possibilities and needs of each Member State.
Both the European Parliament and the Commission are faced by the necessity to guarantee that solidarity is, however, victorious over individual national interests at future meetings of the European Council.
The level of commitment, however, cannot stop at creating a strategy alone.
Poland - and many other Member States - recognises the need to build a low emission economy, but is not, however, able to achieve this objective without European aid.
In terms of mitigation, progress is expected, however, especially in setting ambitious and binding targets for reducing emissions and transferring processes, particularly monitoring, providing information and checking.
Nature, however, can take no account of every-day political necessities.
Some Member States have tried to resolve these problems by working with the UN, but these efforts, however, have proved unsuccessful.
They are not, however, a substitute for a policy of information transparency ensuring the presence of all media in the area.
We do, however, know that there were deaths, injuries and hundreds of people detained.
Uganda's proposal at the UN Security Council meeting on 16 November was however both legitimate and desirable.
(FR) Madam President, firstly, I would like to say that it is true that we could have debated longer and come up with a different text. At the same time, however, the text was given more or less the same time that is usually devoted to emergency resolutions.
In economic terms, however, Ukraine has a similarly important weight and a number of EU and Balkan countries are dependent on transport routes supplying them with Central Asian and Siberian oil and natural gas through Ukrainian territory.
The Ukrainians, however, would no doubt like to be regarded as equal partners, by the EU as well as by Russia.
I do, however, find two issues missing from the report.
I would like, however, to express the hope that the resolution will be an encouragement to Ukraine to continue the path, which has now begun, of economic and institutional reforms.
Ukraine knows, however, that the European Union will make no concessions on this issue.
This is understandable, because trade agreements concern legal rules that are binding among the States, whereas corporate social responsibility concerns voluntary commitments by undertakings. At the same time, however, it is paradoxical, because CSR and the social and environmental clauses pull in the same direction, namely, towards globalisation which is more respectful of human rights and the environment and which is conducive to sustainable development.
Where I think we must be careful, however, is in recognising that the many elements which need to come into play to provide a satisfactory response to the climate change challenge - from emission caps to financing - cannot be translated into provisions in our trade agreements.
This is, however, qualified by the need to genuinely take greater account of the social and environmental dimensions in trade policy, in the agreements we negotiate.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there are only a few of us here this evening to talk about anti-dumping, which is, however, an issue we speak about a great deal in our own countries.
In this regard, however, I would like to stress that the actual costs must include environmental dumping.
The most serious aspect of this case, however, is the Commission's lack of loyal cooperation with the Ombudsman.
This role will not be correctly performed, however, if appropriate training is not given, meetings are not held and an EU legal culture is not created.
It is, however, interesting to look at why there are not more complaints.
The Ombudsman, however, must react quicker to the needs of citizens.
In actual fact, however, since 1 January 2007, when Mr Apsītis took office as Ombudsman, he has, in point of fact, never got down to work.
Now, however, we need to think about how we can act responsibly.
What is important, however, is the message that Europe as a whole and Parliament will no longer stand for its violence.
The overriding significance of environmental protection is an undeniable fact, however, which is why we should make every effort to make the European economy sustainable - industry, agriculture and transport.
I certainly agree, however, with those who believe we should perhaps consider distributing them differently, so as to prevent some countries from being merely net contributors and obtaining far fewer benefits.
Cooperation between international organisations should be stepped up as part of a global agreement on climate, especially at the level of carbon inclusion mechanisms for the EU's emissions trading scheme, while ensuring, however, that existing leakage is stopped.
At the same time, however, as is common knowledge, we are not in a position to impose these standards or to make such demands.
I would like to draw attention, however, to the need for them to be implemented and to the fact that countries that do not adhere to established rules will need to face possible economic consequences.
While I approve the report, however, I think the European Ombudsman himself and the work he does should be more widely publicised, especially in the Member States where he is not immediately recognisable.
Part of the context for that cooperation is, however, the power to present a special report to Parliament.
The sector cannot, however, continue to produce such results if the European Union does not help to fund it, in conjunction with national, regional and local authorities.
On the other hand, however, it is important to guarantee fair transparency in aid distribution and guarantee more resources to States that actually need them.
It should be stressed, however, that particular emphasis has been placed on certain projects, without explicitly mentioning others, that are also in the European interest and contribute to the aim of achieving energy security.
This report strengthens competitiveness and market instruments, without, however, being ambitious with regard to renewable forms of energy or reduced energy consumption.
A unilateral commitment is a positive sign, however, and is therefore desirable, but it is not enough.
For once, however, we do not want the name of a place to hold the fate of its people.
He considers CSR to be an effective tool for improving competitiveness, skills and training opportunities, occupational safety and the working environment, protecting workers' rights and the rights of local and indigenous communities, promoting a sustainable environmental policy and encouraging exchanges of good practice at local, national, European and world level. He does, however, make it clear that they cannot supplant labour regulations or general or sectoral collective agreements.
Such monitoring, however, cannot take the ideological form of a set of parameters applying to everyone.
I also take the view that such an approach should not, however, lead to a more complicated regulatory framework.
We must, however, bear in mind that the purpose of this type of cooperation is not to flout competition rules.
In Iraq, however, being open about your Christian faith has almost become a mark of exceptional courage.
We have constructed an impressive framework of high-level interactions where we regularly address the global challenges that our citizens are facing without, however, neglecting the issues where our views may differ.
The fact is, however, that at this point in the debate in Iraq, there is a proposal on the table to concentrate all the Christians into a single province.
I would just like to say, however, that some discussions are still ongoing and I cannot say in advance whether or not our group will be voting in favour.
At the same time, however, we have seen a package of subsidies and insulting tax breaks ...
It is a pity, however, that airBaltic failed to inform passengers that they were participating in tests.
When it comes to visa facilitation, however, one cannot stop at one country; we have to view the area as a whole.
I believe, however, that our own responsibility in this is also quite considerable.
It must be ensured, however, that the information and assessments provided by liaison officers are made available to Frontex and the national authorities as quickly as possible and without any red tape.
On a positive note, however, the report provides for the creation of a network of immigration liaison officers posted to consular authorities and to international organisations, with responsibility for preventing illegal immigration and facilitating the repatriation of illegal immigrants.
Providing a full assessment of the human rights situation in the host country, however, is not within their competence, although it is high on the agenda.
Let us take care, however, and not deceive ourselves.
Our governments have worked in various ways to regulate economic immigration: by means of bilateral agreements, quotas, regulatory measures. Not one of these measures, however, has shown itself to be truly effective in managing legal migration flows while, at the same time, combating illegal immigration.
Unfortunately, however, Commissioner, the directive is not the one that we were promised.
In my opinion, however, the Commission's approach is rather less judicious, because it has chosen one that is sector specific.
Along with the migrants who come to EU countries legally, however, in accordance with their laws and regulations, there are many illegal migrants, who are often exposed to discrimination or even persecution, as employers frequently take advantage of their lack of a legitimate residency status.
It may improve the current employment system for migrants, however, and eliminate some of the undesirable developments we have seen in this area.
We cannot, however, welcome everybody under any conditions.
There are, however, a few difficulties in this report.
So far, however, we have seen little commitment on the part of the Commission.
It also includes, however, involving the local and regional administrations in this process as early as possible.
In principle, however, I am absolutely with you.
There is one further player, however, and that is the Member States; we need to convince the Member States that they, too, will benefit from an added value if they involve more people in programme planning and these people thereby come to identify with it far more.
Along with the new possibilities for advertising, however, come new problems with hard sell, deception and the exploitation of gullible children and young people in the face of powerful assaults on their feelings.
(HU) Mr President, the European Union has always been ready to criticise countries outside its borders in order to promote fundamental rights. In the case of its own Member States, however, it has often been powerless following their accession.
It is less often, however, that we respond with similar determination to infringements within the borders of the EU, even though this would be the most effective way to send out a message to those countries around the world that do not respect human rights.
Not all of these commitments last long, however, and the children often then become hostages to disputes between their parents.
Experience shows, however, that the current legal framework is not sufficiently effective and we must do even more to protect human rights.
We will, however, ask the Commissioner to clarify the Commission's position.
Recently, however, there have been worrying examples of our failures in some aspects of immigration policy.
I firmly believe, however, that the text can be modified, and I believe that this obviously good idea will be fully implemented.
At this point in time, however, I have abstained from the vote for these reasons.
The competitiveness of the EU as a whole, however, can be secured only if economic growth is genuinely sustainable.
Cohesion policy, however, has also proved its worth in a time of financial crisis as an effective instrument for responding flexibly to new socio-economic challenges.
The reconstruction process aside, however, how many other tragedies will there have to be before we finally have a Community approach to preventing natural disasters?
I would, however, like to highlight the delay in mobilising this type of support.
It should be noted, however, that the Union support now made available will only cover 2.89% of the total damage caused by the disaster.
I would, however, like to highlight the delay in mobilising this type of support.
In this case, however, it is a matter of an adjustment on account of storm damage in France and Portugal caused by storm Xynthia.
It must, however, remain clear that these actions must not substitute those that the businesses are obliged to adopt under national legislation or collective agreements.
Each Member State sends its own staff, its own rescue dogs, its own aeroplanes, and so on. Taken together, however, the hastily organised individual responses will never beat a planned and organised European response.
Market fragmentation has, however, led to poor post-trade transparency in over-the-counter (OTC) trades and this situation means a more effective regulatory framework for consolidated post-trade information is required.
I agree, however, that the adopted EU CBRN Action Plan is weak and lacks coherence on several points.
In return for what sort of 'appreciation', however, is it possible to find out about the European Commission's plans in relation to Latvia and, possibly, receive funding?
We should remember, however, that international police cooperation existed way back in the 19th century, long before European integration.
On the other hand, however, we cannot forget that, during a period of economic crisis and vulnerability, when unemployment is growing, labour migration policy must be flexible, as argued by the Commission, but also sustainable and reasonable.
This proposal has a criminal law basis; however, some of the offences that this proposal intends to cover are civil law matters, yet there is an absence of the use of Article 81 of the TFEU.
Victims, however, may move from one Member State to another for many reasons, not least to escape crime.
Protection should not, however, be limited to the victim's physical protection.
Victims, however, may move from one Member State to another for many reasons, not least to escape crime.
Above all, however, it is important to increase the penalties for traffickers and employers who take advantage of the vulnerability of their victims, who are sometimes minors.
Unofficially, however, it is very much in existence in the form of human trafficking.
It is, however, essential that there continue to be incentives for reform in the spheres of security, freedom and justice in Georgia.
According to the information available to the Commission, however, the German Stralsund mining authority included a requirement for the Nord Stream company in its permit to prepare a revised risk analysis for a section of the pipeline in German territory, as plans were presented at that stage by the Polish side to adapt both ports for ships that would need a deeper water depth to float.
We also believe, however, that our partners have to respect some basic rules.
In spite of that, however, we have been able to make sure that the European External Action Service can see the light of day.
It is true, however, that this has allowed us to have a number of meetings and discussions - sometimes heated ones - but once again, we can say today that we have reached an agreement.
I have to say to you, however, that I considered this provocation necessary.
When I proposed that we should tackle Parliament's own budget, however, these gentlemen and their groups did not appear to have heard me.
Now, however, we can probably be satisfied that there is a budget in place for 2011.
Auditors, however, seem to be subject to far stricter rules than the rating agencies.
There is hope, however, particularly if there is someone who will show leadership.
This has left a bitter aftertaste, however, because the actual process of negotiation in the international community is far too slow and we should have adopted such an agreement at least a year ago.
The whole thing, however, is moving at a terribly slow and tiring pace.
Too many are on short-term contracts which offer slim opportunities for improvement, however well qualified the individuals might be.
On the other hand, however, the reason for my question today was primarily the fact that, objectively speaking, there has been an outbreak of nationalism in Albania.
We are currently using the 2020 forecasts for this purpose; however, it would not be sensible to adopt binding legal goals based on these forecasts.
There is one issue that I would like to raise, however, which is the role of the regional funds.
Ultimately, however, ordinary people will have to spend less on energy.
We must succeed, however, in reducing our energy bills despite stronger economic growth.
Allow me, however, to make three points: my first point concerns national energy efficiency action plans.
I have to disagree, however: it is not clear.
If the EU were to achieve its target by 2020, however, that would mean financial savings of up to EUR 78 billion a year.
If binding targets were set, however, households could save up to EUR 1 000 annually, according to figures from the European Commission.
We have managed, however, to reach a reasonable compromise between the Council and Parliament in the informal trialogue, and even to do so at first reading - which is always the exception rather than the rule for us.
We fought for stricter wordings in future, however, and we achieved our goal in this regard.
We can only check that, however, if we have the information, and we only get the information from these correlation tables.
This compromise has a time limit on it, however, and in future, the Council must react much more strongly.
Despite everything, however, I would like to thank the rapporteur very much for the effort she has devoted to finding a common compromise solution.
In general, however, we need to review all hazardous substances, and we should not, therefore, restrict ourselves to the heavy metals.
It is not, however, as the Commission itself says.
We cannot leave parents of young children in doubt over the possible health risks of toys made from synthetic materials, however, and I would therefore like to ask whether the Commission intends to continue its investigation by starting experiments on mice, for example, as was the case when investigating the effects of bisphenol, which is released from baby feeding bottles made from synthetic materials and which will now be banned throughout the EU from March.
These are far from exhausted and can be improved and adapted far more quickly than any alternatives, however interesting they may be.
I believe that it will create more confidence if we explain what the real situation is, however bad it might be.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (FR) Mr President, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, there is, however, something strange in all of this.
I would, however, point out that what we are doing is lending money, and lending money at rates that are particularly favourable to the lenders.
A mechanism based solely on pro-rata contributions made by simply appropriating reserves would amount to a great burden for the Member States, which would have to find resources and capital to deposit that would not, however, bring any yield or return.
While I understand the need for exceptional measures which has been brought about by the economic crisis, I do, however, have concerns over the speed of the changes and the way in which some Member States are trying to impose certain solutions on others.
I am sure we will do it in the prescribed time, however, and European citizens will have a chance to use this initiative as soon as possible.
The partner here, however, is none other than our citizens.
If we point out that a decision to accept or reject an initiative is, however, going to be dependent to a great extent on an arbitrary evaluation, this, too, may attract serious criticism from the citizens themselves.
I would, however, like to emphasise another one, to which our group made a significant contribution: European political parties will also be able to promote a citizens' initiative.
The scope of the citizens' initiative, however, is not yet cut and dried.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today's vote on the 2011 budget confirms the closing of a new procedure, which, however painful it may have been, showed the responsible and steadfast attitude of the budgetary authorities.
We hope, however, that the cure does not turn out to be worse than the disease.
How will it react, however, to proposals for less Europe, or perhaps for Europe to do things better, or to waste less money, or perhaps a declaration that there would never be any European taxation?
In recent years, however, this practice has fallen by the wayside, as we can see, for example, in how children are used as well as in advertising targeted at children.
We have to remember, however, that when we set these sorts of targets for ourselves, everyone has to commit to them.
The truth is that they only have power because the markets are not regulated, and your texts, which I have however voted for, will not do much to improve things.
The Commission was favouring the complete revocation of all eight directives relating to metrology; however, the rapporteur's position is more balanced, giving Member States more time to investigate whether revocation of the directives will lead to legal uncertainty, making it necessary for there to be European harmonisation of the rules relating to metrology.
The initiatives will only be able to be implemented, however, if they meets certain procedural requirements or requirements on compliance with the European Union's fundamental values, in order to prevent the instrument from being used for non-democratic purposes.
We also like to talk about European integration. What unites people from different countries, however, more than the need to look for a common view, to formulate a common proposal and to seek the support of people speaking various different languages?
We believe that the EU has a role to play in the defence of fundamental rights; however, it is the Member States who carry the first responsibility, in line with their traditions of democracy and the rule of law.
in writing. - (LT) A lot has been achieved since the adoption of the Energy Efficiency Action Plan in 2006; however, the political and economic context has changed quite a lot since then.
We must, however, remember that each of the Member States is at a different stage of development of energy policy.
ECR MEPs do not, however, support binding energy efficiency targets.
In other words, it is undermining the role of the elected representatives of EU institutions, which should, however, demonstrate greater awareness in their demands of the citizens' fight.
For me, however, this report falls within the same two-speed vision, the same narrow prism through which some fellow Members regrettably view human rights.
If the Union also wants to play a significant role in the promotion of human rights worldwide, however, it is essential that it develops a coherent foreign policy, to which all Member States should make a determined contribution.
I firmly believe, however, that creating the role of special representative for human rights would contribute towards greater cohesion, and above all to the necessary visibility of the external actions of the EU in this area.
In general, however, I would like to call for the need for strong and ongoing condemnation of brutal violations of women's rights.
It matters to me, however, that this Parliament understands what I am trying to do and that I am trying to make sure that it is everybody's responsibility.
All this, however, should not mean that the international community abandons the Afghan cause.
(RO) Madam President, while both women and children are undoubtedly an important topic, what is important, however, in Mr Arlacchi's report is its clarity.
There are still, however, problems and contradictions that this far from new concept does nothing to dispel.
What is not clear, however, is how this cooperation with the Alliance is going to be organised in order for it to be genuinely effective.
It is necessary, however, for these resources to be used as efficiently as possible, and mainly for securing peace.
It is not possible, however, for a presidential election to produce two winners in one country.
We must not forget the local population, however, and we must try to help improve their security, so that they can live in a free and democratic country.
The fundamental importance of the Regulation has made the legislative procedure complicated both at inter-institutional level and within Parliament where, however, because of the involvement - albeit belated - of all committees, I hope it will be possible to adopt the proposal at first reading.
It is also linked, however, with the common history of movements for civil and social rights.
The opportunities for adult education are still not being fully exploited, however, even though there is enormous potential in this area.
It has also, however, increased the capital of nations.
At the same time, however, we must support producers who undertake to comply, but who are unable to afford the high cost of adapting by the deadline set.
At the same time, however, products produced to lower animal welfare standards will continue to be imported from third countries.
There is, however, a massive market for processed eggs for the confectionery sector and we need to know what sort of labelling requirements there will be for that product.
The new label must, however, focus on symbolism and educational value, rather than on the beauty of a site, and must insist on close cooperation among the labelled sites so as to share best practices and initiate common research and development projects.
In this case, however, we must preserve the tradition of giving this award to values actually located within the EU.
The situation in Cuba is, however, still a cause for concern, as demonstrated by the prize giving ceremony for the 2010 Sakharov Prize.
Unfortunately, however, amendments by the conservative forces which contradict the original text have altered it.
I cannot agree, however, with the statement that military personnel died 'defending freedom'.
An amendment to the resolution, however, meant that a possible alternative solution was reached for those producers who have started to replace their systems of rearing in favour of the new cages.
At the same time, however, we are incredulous at Amnesty International's report describing the widespread use of the punishment of caning in Malaysia.
The ruthless nature of this punishment, however, conceals the unspoken truth regarding the traditional conditions and nature of the punishment of caning as practised in Malaysia.
After the announcement of the punishment, however, which was to have been performed with a rattan cane in a women's prison, the punishment of six blows of the cane, handed down to a 32 year old mother of two children, was commuted to three months' community service on the basis of a ruling by the Malaysian sultan, Ahmed Shah, who supervises compliance with Islamic rules in Malaysia.
Things went rather worse, however, for 46 year old Indonesian, Nasarudin Kamaruddin, who got 6 blows of the cane and one year in prison for the same offence.
This tiger faces a major problem, however; namely, the use of caning as a punishment.
In this case, however, we really are talking about human rights, which are indivisible and transcend the borders of continents, races and religions.
The country's authorities do not see any need to change the law, however, as they regard caning as an effective way to fight crime.
In this case, however, this is not true, because while David Bahati's project was not voted for, it was not withdrawn, either.
In their illegal pilgrimage for freedom, however, they are dependent on the assistance of smugglers who are willing, at a price, to help the refugees across the Sinai border, even without the necessary papers.
When considering this tragedy, however, we should also remember the reason for this state of affairs.
It is, however, only the beginning of a long road.
In my view, however, this is not a matter for the EU.
The most important thing, however, is to turn our attention to the farmers who have unfairly suffered damage.
Thanks to the Treaty of Lisbon, this procedure allows the European Parliament to express its view. At the same time, however, it can only say yes or no.
As I was saying just now, however, a number of questions and requests remain. Commissioner, are you ready to come, for example, every six months, or six months after the signing of an agreement, to update us on the implementation of the agreement?
All these problems suggest that voluntary partnerships, however good our intentions, will have difficulty delivering the goals.
Currently, however, there is a problem with the provisional agreement, and it must be rectified.
In this regard, I have to say, however, that during the debate on this agreement, we have been presented with very contradictory information regarding the question of the extent to which investments are being made in Papua New Guinea and which states are profiting indirectly from the relaxation of the rules of origin.
At the moment, however, the statistics speak for themselves.
We must not forget, however, that efforts for the good of the child come first.
We must not, however, forget to put in place systems for protection and monitoring, in order to prevent child trafficking.
We cannot prevent them, however much we must try to limit them, but we can - and we must - be prepared for them.
Restrictive measures are still in place, however, on the borders between old and new Member States.
The report also points out specific weak points in the system, however, and other obstacles preventing the effective and rapid movement of humanitarian goods and services for the most vulnerable people in crisis areas.
To be effective, however, this review must be carried out simultaneously at international level.
That alone, however, will not ensure a successful completion of the ratification process.
I would also like to say, however, that it is necessary to cooperate with Serbia.
Most of these problems are not unique to Serbia, however, but are also shared by the other Balkan countries.
The European Union, however, must learn from the accessions of 2004 and 2007 that these ...
The citizens of this country, however, have, for many long years, been paying for the mistakes of their political leaders, who got the country into a difficult political situation through their risky decisions.
If we want to stabilise the political situation in the Balkans on a long-term basis, however, we must have open and correct relations with all countries in the region.
The violations of human rights in Turkey, however, where simply discussing the Armenian genocide is enough to merit punishment, are apparently something that can be overlooked.
2010 was an often difficult and, at times, extremely demanding year. Ultimately, however, it was very productive.
There is, however, a downside to that role, especially the Belgian Presidency's lack of political leadership on some really critical dossiers.
What agriculture is most in need of in the future, however, is regulation that manages to contain the volatility of the markets within certain limits.
In the whole debate about the euro rescue package, however, there is a significant aspect that must not be forgotten, namely, that both the rescue package for the euro area countries and the loans for Greece violate the Treaty of Lisbon.
We do, however, have to allow future presidencies to decide their own priorities.
I would like to express the hope that future presidencies, including the Polish one, will try to set their own, clear priorities to a greater extent, while still placing them, however, within our common, European objectives.
There was one point where I did not vote with the report, however, and this concerned the creation of a European food aid programme within the European Union.
In general, however, we need to consider whether such a multitude of rules and regulations is necessary at all.
It will also contribute to the abandonment, however gradual, of practices that are damaging to the environment.
I have doubts over the legislative method of Amendment proposal No 45, however, which relates to Article 17.
Even more important, however, is the ability to produce food.
I am, however, opposed to the development of GMOs and their use as feed variants until such time as they are deemed safe for livestock and European consumers.
Article 31 of the Russian Constitution, however, guarantees the freedom of assembly.
I can reassure you, however, that we are following this matter very attentively.
We have the suspicion, however, that Hungary may not have provided the full text of the Act, that it is playing for time.
If you look behind the façade of environmental protection, however, a different energy strategy very quickly emerges: atomic energy as a so-called less polluting energy source.
There are, however, additional important factors which could contribute to patients having easier access to cross-border healthcare services in the future.
Fortunately, however, there are some Member States with which we can work well and we have demonstrated that today.
I am sure, however, that Parliament would have supported a more ambitious result.
This proposal, however, will maintain the existing two-tier healthcare system.
We should not, however, confuse patient mobility with the medical tourism that has developed over recent years.
The level of funding and provision for medical needs in countries which are undergoing transformation is, however, far, far lower.
It is, however, extremely important not to call into question the Member States' obligation to provide primary care.
The complexity of the discussions, however, has made clear not only the differences between health systems in the various Member States, but also the different financial terms under which healthcare is provided to European citizens.
The credit, however, does not go to us but to our predecessors, Belgium and Spain, as well as to the Members of this House.
There are, however, still major deficiencies: the lack of consideration given to the mobility of professionals, medical demography and the ageing population.
The petitioner had clear legal avenues which he could pursue at national level and, indeed, he has made use of these opportunities. His claims, however, were rejected by the German courts.
Most of all, however, before we talk about resources, we need to talk about the use of these resources.
What must also be taken into account here, however, is that naturally - and this has always been a matter for discussion, including during the preparations for all this - the overheads are relatively high in relation to the actual loans, and therefore, costs are incurred which need to be covered.
If this is the case and it becomes ingrained and established, however, then it will be necessary to carry out information activities in this area as appropriate.
The important thing, however, is that Parliament brings the problem to light, because it is difficult to give concrete answers if the economic instruments are not in place.
Humanitarian agencies, however, cannot continue to compensate for the weaknesses of the Haitian State.
We must not, however, subcontract all public services to NGOs.
It is not money that is the problem, however, but the unstable political circumstances.
There have been no miracles, however; responsibility has simply been assumed for a drastic situation that has been consolidated over 15 years of ineffective or non-existent action.
Most of us, however, ultimately take the view that, before getting involved in it, we should give the Hungarian Government time to amend the law, if necessary.
Mr Trichet himself, who has denied the danger of the European Central Bank becoming insolvent, does, however, admit that one of the reasons behind increasing its capital is to face up to the credit risk, in other words, the insolvency of the bonds purchased.
I would remind you, however, that some major countries that are now coming out of the economic crisis more quickly took measures four, five, even six years ago, very tough measures at home which, at that time, met very stiff resistance on the social side.
From our point of view, the Hungarians' point of view, however, this is far more significant than a six-monthly routine.
The disease, however, is a dangerous one, and our time is short.
At the same time, however, I ask you to preserve the rules of democracy and protect the values of the European social model.
It is not such good news, however, that Hungary has been subject to unfair, ideologically-motivated attacks on the eve of its Presidency.
Your speech also included a call for a strong Europe, however, and I must say that it is not entirely clear to me where your European-ness begins and what its limits are, because I cannot otherwise explain why your government has begun its Presidency with the presentation of a non-existent territorial unit, instead of presenting, as the presiding country, a new vision of Europe.
The economic crisis, however, has clearly demonstrated that what is most important is accessibility and affordability.
The strong reaction of my political group, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, is not, however, meant as criticism of the Hungarian nation, but of the state holding the EU Presidency.
We cannot, however, allow interference in the shape of the Member States' health policies.
To get to this point, however, is too often a long road, in many instances taking many years.
Paramount in all of this, however, are the needs and safety of the children, many of whom are in great need.
I firmly believe, however, that Serbia must continue to strengthen democracy and the legal state, put greater effort into reforming the judiciary and public administration, applying the principles of justice, while strengthening administrative and judicial structures overall.
If a patient is facing an unreasonably long waiting time in his home country, however, we should not be surprised if he wants to travel to a place where he will receive more rapid and also perhaps better quality healthcare.
In countries to which foreigners travel in greater numbers for medical treatment and operations, however, there is a risk that domestic patients will be treated only after the demand from foreign patients has been met.
The Council has, however, vastly improved the draft legislation and moved its legal basis away from being a purely internal market issue.
The aim of this directive is for all patients - not just the best informed ones - to benefit from a certain number of healthcare rights, which were, however, already recognised by the Court of Justice of the European Union.
There are, however, serious problems of governance (corruption), resulting in environmental degradation.
The interim agreement covers rules of origin in relation to fisheries, textiles and agriculture whilst, however, establishing derogations that could threaten the competitiveness of some EU industries.
We must remember, however, that a precondition for full cooperation is that Serbia should meet the political condition set by the Council when adopting the negotiating directives, namely, full cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
I must, however, stress how important it is that all medical devices brought onto the market in the EU comply with all Union safety standards.
The exercise of these freedoms, however, carries with it duties and responsibilities and may be subject to such penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary for the protection of public morals.
In this case, however, entire communities are being denied the right to live in their own country.
In the West however, whatever Mrs Kiil-Nielsen may say, people are not prevented from converting to Islam if they so wish.
These views can be incompatible with each other, however, and then governments have a duty to promote tolerance and stand up for those who face discrimination and violence because of their beliefs.
For many years, however, serious and often tragic reports have been coming in from reliable and indisputable sources about the persecution of Christians on several continents.
Secondly, however, it is also a tragedy to see how too often they go unnoticed in our society.
When I look at Baghdad and Alexandria, however, I see that they are merely gross expressions of a life that exists under the surface in many countries.
The problem becomes a political one, however, when religious differences are used as a means to prevent growth and development.
Anther element, however, is what we can do in the medium and long term.
I agree too, however, that there should be harder-hitting measures, such as those proposed by Mr Protasiewicz or Mrs Ojuland.
Conversely, however, we should cold-shoulder representatives of the Lukashenko totalitarian regime, and we should be very tough on them.
At the same time, however, we must ensure that help reaches the ordinary people who have lost their jobs and student places while hoping for democracy to come along.
This is not, however, the specific issue being debated today, which is the Framework Agreement with Libya.
The report that the Commission presented to us last year, however, recognises that the Member States have adopted divergent practices and that considerable variation exists between the procedural guarantees provided in each Member State.
I shall remind you, however, that this work does not end with this, and that we have to extend the spheres where competition needs to be present.
That is a big question to answer in just thirty seconds; however, I have every confidence in Mr Lambert's powers of summation.
Finding an answer to this is not simple; however, in any case, the first step is to have transparency as regards those assets.
In this, however, I request the Commission's cooperation.
This, however, is the responsibility of the Commission.
We should not just barge our way in, however, but exercise diplomacy, negotiate, engage in sound political cooperation and, above all, be at the forefront when it comes to assessing environmental impact.
I was, however, really quite disappointed with Commissioner Füle's appraisal that cooperation in the Arctic region was progressing gradually.
The question remains, however: Who was consulted?
One thing is clear, however, and that is that we have created a currency, a common currency, that is proving disastrous for the economy in the whole of southern Europe.
Today, however, they are fleeing the region en masse.
Such relations should, however, be subject to strict controls, in order to maintain effective coordination of activities and the subdivision of responsibilities.
We should, however, require courage from Pakistani politicians and, in particular, from the opposition, for example, the Pakistan Muslim League, which is blocking government reform of the code.
It is being violated, however, around the world almost daily.
The fact remains, however, that religions are often misused for ideological purposes, which is something that we need to combat. This is the case in Pakistan, for example.
It does not, however, reduce the seriousness of Battisti's crimes.
It can be seen clearly that respect for one's own traditions and customs does not, however, go together with the acceptance of certain declared standards or European standards - I am thinking, here, of human rights.
There is still a question, however, about political pressure, because that is, as it were, the next matter on which the European Parliament speaks, when we are talking about Iran, and is not achieving any great success.
The aim of the current discussions, however, is not to prejudge the debate to be launched at the end of June on the multiannual financial framework.
The European Council, however, must also deal with current economic and financial issues, as we all know that the crisis is not completely behind us yet.
There is one thing I am sure of, however, and that is that your party is a right-wing extremist, neo-fascist party.
At the same time, however, we believe that the process of energy integration should respect specific national factors, in other words national energy mixes, including the use of nuclear energy.
This does not mean, however, that we wish to see a weak, fragile and unstable eurozone, or that we would like the euro to fail.
At the same time, however, we should take care that the justified efforts and calls of the people in these countries do not, on the other hand, go awry and do not lead to undemocratic, authoritarian, religious dictatorships.
Economic policy and energy policy should have a central goal: social progress and improving our peoples' living conditions; however, what is happening is the opposite.
To quote my colleague Mr Gahler, however, the US is one step behind the events, the Member States are one step behind the US, and Brussels is one step behind the Member States.
We did miss something, however, which nobody has noticed.
I have the impression, however, that the summit, which has been convened under the slogans of energy and innovation, will turn into a conference on current affairs - both those within the European Union (economic policy) and those seemingly further away (the political situation in Tunisia, Egypt and Belarus).
It is my opinion that we should not be looking for culprits in this House as this crisis has caught the European Union on the wrong foot, however I feel that we ought to draw some conclusions on the matter.
In the case of Tunisia, however, we still have time.
A word of warning, however: faced with this legitimate democratic movement, Europe must strike a balance between non-interference in internal affairs, support for the legitimate aspirations of these peoples and stability.
That, however, is not the point I want to make right now.
The ostrich-like policy we have displayed so far in relation to the civil unrest in African countries, however, gives rise to doubts over the ability of our foreign service to take action.
In the case of Tunisia, however, the instruments at our disposal are perhaps less spectacular, but they are capable of producing very tangible results.
At the same time, the other countries that have signed the agreements will be able to export bananas to the EU subject to the payment of import duties, which however will be gradually reduced over the period 2011-2017 from the current rate of EUR 176 per tonne to EUR 114 per tonne.
Until now, financial support for our banana producers has been provided through the POSEI (Programme of Options Specifically Relating to Remoteness and Insularity) grants, however the latest reform of POSEI back in 2006 does not cater in any way for these latest agreements.
A good part of the compensation needed has, however, already been covered.
In conclusion, rest assured that, in the POSEI discussions, I am always ready to look at how, based on the figures on the table, existing compensation, or possibly other types of compensation, can respond to these provocations. All in all, however, I think that this is an agreement which, as the rapporteur also said, helps us in many ways and ends a historic dispute.
I would like to draw your attention, however, to those simple heroes who are fighting tuberculosis, enabling us to continue treating the sick, to resist the hardships created by combined infections of tuberculosis and AIDS, and to help all countries meet the millennium challenges.
As the Commission has just stated, however, we do not yet have these new vaccines, of course, as we are still in the pre-clinical stages, and we are still just testing their effectiveness when given to humans.
Development cooperation and aid policy plays a crucial role here, which, naturally, must involve aid to vaccination programmes; however, more is needed.
I have however drawn attention to the fact that this policy is also giving rise to very adverse economic changes.
In foreign policy, however, this is seen as highly contentious.
It is very important, however - particularly post the Treaty of Lisbon - that we as Parliament also have codecision rights in foreign policy, at the level of the strategic focus of financing instrument programmes.
I was, however, elected by people in Britain, not by people anywhere else, so I regard my prime responsibility as being to represent the British taxpayer.
Above all, however, what we need is to encourage the production of long-lasting appliances.
I do think, however, that new regulations in this area should place greater emphasis on effective inspection of collections and the enforcement of legislation.
I am also convinced, however, that we need more detail on certain aspects and I hope that will be possible at second reading.
None of this, however, is of any consolation to those of my constituents who are wondering how to get rid of their white goods.
The demonstrations by the citizens of these countries against the ossified regimes which hold power have, however, brought hope for permanent political change.
There are still countries, however, where human rights are not respected and democracy does not play a significant role, and where the people live in a state of slavery and submission with no freedom of expression.
More is at stake in the discussion on the financing instrument for development cooperation, however, than just the matter of delegated acts.
It can only be done, however, with our direct involvement: as co-legislator, Parliament must be able to directly control decisions on external development spending.
Since Parliament and the Council make decisions together with regard to objectives and content, and taking into account the fact that the Council adopted its position on 10 December 2010 without, however, having taken into consideration Parliament's amendments relating to the procedures applicable to the adoption of programming documents and those relating to functioning, I agree that the position adopted by Parliament at first reading should be restored in order to make sure that Parliament is treated on an equal footing with the Council/Member States and that the programming structure of the industrialised countries instrument recognises the changes introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon.
This adaptation is necessary, however, because the ACP countries will otherwise run the risk of remaining with the narrow production of bananas, which despite preferential treatment has not succeeded in becoming competitive on the EU's internal market.
Even after commercial conditions have been put on an even footing, however, the hitherto favoured farmers from Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific will not cease to receive preferential treatment. As a compensation measure, support of EUR 200 million has been drawn up, which is supposed to help them prepare for the tougher competition.
I fear that we will sooner or later have to accept the fact that African bananas simply cannot compete against Latin American ones, however, because of lower quality and higher production costs.
The basis, however, should continue to be an assessment of the impacts on affected countries, together with an estimate of possible development in the longer term.
Bananas are the world's fourth most important crop, after rice, wheat and maize, and so I have to welcome the end of one of the most technically complex, politically sensitive and commercially meaningful legal disputes ever brought to the World Trade Organisation. I also believe, however, that this agreement is not perfect and may lead to future problems.
Further conflicts are to be expected, however, because the Latin American countries have demanded a significantly greater reduction in customs duties.
We cannot ignore the possibility, however, that the tariff changes resulting from implementation of the agreement will have a negative impact on the livelihoods of the Union's own banana producers.
I am sure, however, that there is room for changing details that I think could be improved, and in particular I am referring to the additional burden that collecting small appliances for disposal will place on retailers.
It is clear to us, however, that interference in the internal affairs of Tunisia must be avoided.
None of this, however, has resulted in an analysis capable of preventing what has happened and is still happening in various African countries.
The tone used in the resolution, however, is unacceptable and tramples on the principle of subsidiarity, particularly since Commissioner Potočnik said that there is no case for imposing further penalties on Italy.
I oppose, however, politicising the matter and using it as an excuse to attack the Italian Government.
We regret, however, that this has not taken place without loss of life.
In that regard, however, I would quite simply like to make it very clear to the Member States once again that they were the ones that wanted this, not Parliament!
We should not forget, however, that the starting points for the various Member States were different.
Unfortunately, however, these thousands of changes are clearly not enough.
In my opinion, however, it is just as important for small and medium-sized firms to know that there are places capable of assisting them with their business activities in the area of services.
It makes no deep analysis, however, of what the Services Directive has ultimately done for enterprises of different sizes and different sectors.
The Commission, however, wants to forge ahead with this. The fact that it does so is just another example of EU empire-building.
In my opinion, the best solution would be to use English alone; however, if other languages are to be included, then Portuguese should also be considered.
The final round of negotiations, however, which took place in December last year, confirmed that many Member States have serious reservations over the proposed translation arrangements for EU patents, which are based on the current language regime of the European Patent Office.
We should not forget, however, that enhanced cooperation on patents is not, after all, the most advantageous solution from the point of view of the common European market.
I have a provocative question, however. What impact would a trilingual regime have on the work of this Parliament?
Let us remember, however, that to use it, specific conditions have to be met, and that applications are always considered individually in accordance with the subject of each application.
With a view to the future, however, I believe that the acceptable solution would be to place the emphasis on renewable energy sources, and not to increase, by any means, but rather reduce the role of nuclear energy in energy supply to the fullest extent possible.
I should, however, like to clarify the fact that in the meantime, the Commission has not been idle.
In practice, however, small and medium-sized enterprises find themselves unable to access capital as a result of the provisions of Basel II, and now Basel III.
The most important point, however, is that such cooperation should primarily aim to avert destructive flooding.
At the same time, however, a specific question arises for the Commission over these objectives.
On the other hand, however, it is good that multimodal transport is one of the main focuses.
There are also autologous therapy techniques, however, where the child from whom the cord blood is obtained can already benefit from this today in a small number of narrowly restricted areas.
It should also be said, however, that the exceptional criminal criteria applied in Spain against ETA have, on occasions, resulted in serious violations of fundamental rights.
That was not true, however, as we now know.
In our rush to cut emissions, however, we should not undermine the competitiveness of European car manufacturers.
I am going to vote for this text because I believe that this compromise is a step in the right direction. At the same time, however, I regret that it has not gone as far as the proposal made by Mrs Hedegaard.
At the same time, however, we very much intended to provide additional rights to passengers.
The compromise reached after much wrangling is, however, better than nothing at all.
Unfortunately, however, the real aim appears to have been to beat down and attack our small and medium-sized enterprises.
I am, however, pleased to see that some of the basic rights in the regulation apply to passengers travelling over shorter distances.
For small countries in particular, however, the 250 km minimum is rather extreme.
The EU patent system, however, suffers from many deficiencies, preventing the establishment of unitary patent protection, but also the development of the internal market, thereby reducing legal certainty for inventors and innovative firms.
Getting to the heart of the matter, I do, however, think that more could be done to bring in compulsory immediate notification, which would allow all risk factors to be dealt with together.
In order to bring about an ever more united Europe that does not, however, lose sight of practicality, their participation will be regulated by supplementary rules that will also ensure the protection of the European Union's financial interests and the power of audit of the Court of Auditors.
Although Brazilian citizens can travel to all EU Member States without having to obtain a visa, in the case of a short stay, there are, however, four EU Member States - Estonia, Cyprus, Malta and Latvia - whose citizens require a visa in order to enter Brazilian territory.
Although all the other Member States have negotiated bilateral agreements with Brazil so as to ensure a short-stay visa waiver, at present, however, it is no longer possible for the Member States to conclude this type of agreement on an individual basis.
The Greens, however, did request a review of the ban on Member States imposing additional requirements on service providers, but that request was rejected.
Parliament has, however, settled for a cut-price, poorly drawn-up agreement.
What is positive, however, is that this legislation provides a list of 12 basic rules - valid for any distance - which are focused on the needs of disabled people and other individuals with reduced mobility.
Behind this 'battle of numbers', however, there is a balance to be struck between the environmental challenges that everyone recognises and certain social and industrial requirements which must not be forgotten.
In terms of global prominence, however, Portuguese is a much more important language than French or German.
One year later, however, the Council confirmed that there were insurmountable difficulties regarding translation arrangements which required unanimity.
As the proposal stands, however, it clearly falls short of what is required to protect the European public, particularly children, from radioactive contamination through foodstuffs.
We are all very much aware that this is an extremely important debate, however, and so it is one to which we attach a great deal of importance.
In these six proposals, however, we still need the green light from the Council so that the procedures can be initiated by the Commission.
As we know, however, some of the great steps forward for Europe in the history of European integration have begun with intergovernmental initiatives, such as Schengen or the area of freedom and justice, for example.
One cannot help but notice, however, that this European asylum system and the harmonisation process are struggling somewhat to see the light of day.
Aside from this particular situation, however, this decision more generally calls into question the European asylum system as a whole, particularly regarding one of its fundamental components - the Dublin regulation - and its main premise, the equivalence of national asylum systems within the Union.
It is also the time, however, to say that we are not talking about the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders, which is an operational agency, or about the European Asylum Support Office, but about the level of political decision making.
The necessary resources also need to be invested, however, in assisting EU Member States with the challenge of primary care in response to immigration and with the challenge of managing the joint borders.
What is needed is not complaints, however, but effective cooperation to tackle the current crisis in a constructive and far-sighted manner.
Above all, however, how will we feel if we repatriate these people, in the knowledge that they will be thrown into prison as soon as they arrive?
I still think that we have been successful, however, because we have now come up with something concrete in response to the Green Paper.
It is not as simple as that, however, as pensions are, and will remain, the responsibility of Member States.
Extended working lives should, however, be associated with corresponding labour market reforms, including the provision of appropriate training and healthcare for employees.
I welcome, however, the invitation to the Commission to introduce guidelines and to encourage the exchange of best practice.
Whatever the nature of the change may be, however, it is very important to make the sustainability of pensions, stability, and a dignified old age the top priorities.
The EU can, however, add value by providing coordination between the various pension schemes and sharing best practice.
I do think, however, that some further modifications are needed, because we do not yet have cast-iron guarantees of safety.
We are voting in favour, however, since measures are being introduced to make sure that imported pharmaceutical products are safer, including traceability, a ban on repackaging, compliance with EU safety standards, the partial regulation of Internet sales, and the possibility of extending similar measures to over-the-counter medicinal products as well.
We are aware, however, that even the best regulations will not bring about the anticipated effect if they include no provisions for appropriate penalties for entities which put counterfeit medicines into circulation.
We have to realise, however, that, for example, 80% of the ingredients that we use in what we produce in the European pharma industry come from third countries.
It should be noted, however, that the compromise text establishes that there will be regular inspections at production sites in third countries, but that they will be carried out by the authorities of the third country in question.
First of all, however, we must ensure that the CE mark becomes common practice for all EU companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, which probably require more information.
The sanction must hit the political leaders, however, and not the citizens.
One idea we could start considering, however, is withdrawing the control of IPA funds from Albania and putting it back in the hands of the EU.
The situation in Bulgaria, however, is particularly strange.
Today's debate, however, can serve as a good example of how the European scene can become a tool for selfish, national political interests.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am a liberal democrat both in Europe and in Italy. Sometimes, however, in my country, my fellow party members and I are called communists merely for opposing the current government.
At the same time, however, financing for fossil fuel projects has risen by 430%.
Sometimes, however, you need to take your courage in both hands and anticipate the real challenges.
There are two issues, however, which I am still seriously concerned about.
That is my sincere wish. What will prove possible, however, depends on the Croatian Government and the cooperation between it, that is the ruling coalition, and the opposition in the Croatian Parliament.
An enlargement policy which facilitates the consolidation of democracy, particularly in the Balkan countries, should however also be in the interests of the European Union.
Equally, however, we should not allow ourselves to revert back to a two-speed Europe.
At the moment, however, the crisis is instead being used to attack trade unions, employees and free wage formation and to strike at unemployment benefits and pensions.
(DE) Madam President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, we are in the midst of a major economic crisis - we have been talking about this for months and everything we have said is true - as a rule, however, we tend to talk in very broad terms and then cheerfully continue to make decisions here as if nothing is happening.
Mrs Matias's report rightly points out, however, the negative aspects and points on which we are bound to reassure our citizens.
This does not, however, mean that forms of health protection and medical prescriptions are cancelled out.
Monitoring must not, however, only be carried out when products are placed on the market.
I do have one concern, however, which I must voice: I would have preferred the regulation to have regulated matters more effectively, by harmonising the various national laws, including online sales, in order to fully protect European consumers.
I would however like to make three criticisms, which I hope the European Commission will implement in the coming White Paper.
We basically have to ensure, however, that pension income is adequate in the different Member States.
We should, however, be careful about the different structures of pension systems in different Member States.
The biggest challenge, however, may prove to be the scepticism of Croatian society towards accession to the EU.
Following the crisis, however, these enterprises are increasingly faced with the problem of financing, as most of them are externally financed.
I am very concerned, however, about the serious impact that the measures called for in this document may have on the Member States' coffers, many of which are already under great pressure as a result of the tough economic crisis.
The deletion of paragraph 24 on the link between life expectancy and the retirement age is, however, a major victory for the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, who thus wished to defend the European social model, contrary to what this measure advocated.
We do not, however, want any tampering whatsoever with the Dutch pension system.
What I do find sensible, however, is that Member States should share information about their pension systems with each other and that they should make efforts to address specific problems by that means.
The Commission's progress report clearly shows, however, that there is still work to be done in some areas.
The biggest challenge, however, could be that of explaining the benefits of EU membership to a somewhat sceptical population.
It is, however, the agricultural industry which has been dealing with this for some time, as well as rising feed prices and rising fertiliser prices.
(CS) Madam President, if we are to have a genuinely serious discussion about rising food prices, we cannot avoid the issue of how the European Union is itself contributing to this unwelcome trend, however uncomfortable that may be for some.
The observation is that, it is impossible to prevent volatility, especially on agricultural markets, extreme volatility is not inevitable and it can be combated, however difficult this may be.
Member of the Commission. - (FR) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, an intense debate has been conducted on an issue which clearly causes us concern and which is highlighted when the situation so requires. It is, however, a permanent concern of the Commission and the European institutions, since we are lucky enough to have a common agricultural policy, which needs adapting, but which is an important tool in enabling us to manage these issues.
At the same time, our common agricultural policy must guarantee the sustainable development of agriculture. It may be necessary to review the instruments at our disposal for managing these extreme market situations, while allowing the market to play its role without, however, being deprived of the necessary instruments to enable us to act and to avoid being caught unprepared for crisis situations.
In so doing, however, we must not forget to work together with civil society.
We want to believe in the great Egyptian people, who have not, however, ever experienced democracy.
I am aware, however, that we are players in a hysteria-mongering left-liberal political campaign, and what form the law itself will eventually take is perhaps no longer of any significance.
In this context we recall that the Council can only act in its legislative capacity upon proposals submitted by the Commission, however, we of course always keep an eye on Parliament, but this is how legislation works in the EU.
That alone, however, is not enough; what we want is real transparency.
Now, however, the Commission wants to increase the EIB' s financial ceiling.
A high level of coordination between the European Commission, the new External Action Service and the EIB is needed, however, in order to achieve these aims.
In our view, however, there are still major shortcomings which undermine people's confidence.
The Commission, however, selects only experts from organizations such as the European Women's Lobby or the Family platform, which seek to break this family model.
Indeed, members representing an interest, who are chosen according to their specific tasks and their type of expertise, may represent the same interests without, however, reflecting the general interest.
Policy, however, is made up of decisions and choices, and these remain fully in the hands of politicians.
The fact that I supported the report, however, does not prevent me from offering the advice that greater attention should be given to the farming sector.
It assumes, however, that any opening must be balanced and gradual and takes account of the European Union's internal requirements.
This solidarity, however, is directly derived from Christian teachings on the dignity of every human being and the moral imperative to help those in need.
It will be important, however, to carefully monitor the volume of goods coming from that country, so that we can make use of the safeguard clause in the event that it increases excessively and threatens European jobs.
It fills me with hope, however, that Parliament has found the political will to address critical words to a country on which Europe is largely dependent for the supply of raw materials.
Reality is demonstrating that it is not enough to make statements of intent, however modest in social terms, in order for those goals to be achieved.
In the opinion of the rapporteur, Mrs Berès, we need to provide the Member States with policy advice without, however, interfering too much in national policy, and to supply guidelines so that the interested parties can all work to the same plan.
In the worst situation, however, are the female residents of rural areas, who very rarely are the owners of farms, but despite this they work very hard on their husband's farm.
Above all, however, I think this example should raise the question of responsibility.
In earlier times, however, cases were largely unknown and civil society was not as active.
We must not forget, however, that this violent act is just a single episode in a wider state of affairs, in which cultural, ethnic or religious minorities suffer discrimination in various parts of the world.
It is very important, however, to eliminate the possibility of charging these costs to consumers and to analyse risks to the competitiveness of Europe's industries on the single market.
Just five years ago, however, hardly anyone would have thought that it might be possible to implement it in the foreseeable future.
They will do more to reduce debt than all the sanctions and advice put together, however well meant.
There are some taboos in Europe; however, it is my belief that we will be unable to have a comprehensive discussion on how to end the crisis if we cannot tackle this topic without taboos, and so I welcome the work carried out by Commissioner Šemeta on alternative taxation.
Unfortunately, however, this report takes us in precisely that direction.
If this is to be a truly valid exercise, however, realism should never give way to idealism.
I would, however, like to add one more comment regarding the transaction tax.
Avoiding possible effects on SMEs and individual investments are, however, two very important aspects.
I have also heard talk of a study: however, when I hear proposals for a study, I know in advance that the answer is 'no' and that we are just buying time.
The permanent nature of this recommendation, however, requires a more stable legal instrument for their transposition into Community law.
Due to the long period involved, the ordinary legislative procedure, however, seems to be on too large a scale in this specific instance for the issues involved in transposing amendments to the provisions of Article 28, which I do not believe to be essential and which had already been discussed and agreed with the Member States, in the working group, in the Council, and during the session itself, before being proposed or adopted at the annual session of the GFCM.
On the other hand, however, the EU fleet is also a significant element of the European economy.
Admittedly, the initiators of the pact did invite states from outside the euro area to participate; however, there is no doubt that this is a purely tactical move.
There is, however, no left-wing or right-wing H1N1 virus; it must be fought with a joint effort.
The attempt to eliminate inequality in the area of healthcare, however, has more to do with humanity than the economy.
If we make a mistake, however, we must undo it.
At the same time, however, the diversity of agriculture in the EU's 27 Member States should be fully appreciated.
Having stated this as a central objective, however, we need to be aware that certain matters included in the vote in the report are questionable; namely, the creation of import concessions for soya by questioning the zero tolerance policy.
Austerity, however, cannot mean that expenditure rises in line with inflation.
I believe, however, that we should avoid false economies, which may result in an economic slowdown and a reduction in economic competitiveness.
As I also pointed out, however, we need to stop feeling sorry for ourselves, get a move on and come up with the answers!
Lastly, we should, however, celebrate the fact that after 100 years, we are half way down the path to gender equality thanks to European and national laws.
However, we must not forget that legislation - however well implemented - is not the answer to everything.
I believe that it is a shame that there is still no place at the table for women, however well qualified they may be, when managerial decisions are made and when strategic policies are planned.
Let us not be overzealous, however, and let us instead give calm consideration to a definition of a hazardous product.
The permanent character of these recommendations, however, requires a more stable legal instrument for their transposition into EU law.
These regulatory settings are not static, however; they create hierarchies and evolve through negotiations.
Unfortunately, however, I feel that that is precisely the direction in which things are going.
The women were found, however, and practice has shown that, in Finland at least, these quotas at local government level work very well.
There have, however, been an alarming number of notifications made via the RAPEX system, with the overwhelming majority of them relating to products originating from China.
Finally, the H1NI influenza taught us that, in France, however error-prone, negligent or incompetent a minister, nothing would force him or her to resign.
In contrast to the approved report, however, I do not see market pressures in this, but rather the irresponsible budgetary policy of many national governments that are unwilling to reform their pension, health and employment systems.
This report talks about 'innovative financing'. In truth, however, it does not escape from the tired old positions rejecting the most elementary justice.
The introduction of a tax on financial transactions, the issuance of common European bonds and the anticipation of a carbon tax, are some of the proposals geared to the creation of new processes, which are needed for our economy but must not, however, have a negative impact on the most vulnerable consumers.
Unfortunately, however, Mrs Podimata's report takes us in precisely that direction.
We cannot, however, help but express some reservations stemming from contradictions inherent in the document itself, which have triggered a wide debate.
Interventions to tackle health inequalities, however, vary widely from state to state.
We do believe, however, that it is a human right to receive emergency treatment, irrespective of a person's status in society.
All these provisions must not, however, lead to a fall in official development assistance.
Let us remember, however, that we should not, under any circumstances, impose taxation policies on others, since every country must decide for itself on its own taxation systems, taking into account its current social, political and economic conditions.
For that to happen, however, the European Union has to pay more attention to safeguarding quality, traditional and certified products, so that they can be protected internationally to avoid fraud on foreign markets involving products that have been falsely attributed to our countries.
At the same time, however, I believe that agricultural policy should be included in the negotiation of the agreements for monitoring the quality of products exported to or imported by our markets and protecting European producers and our food supplies.
In order to change people's mentalities, however, there is no doubt that quotas are necessary.
Having said that, however, I cannot support paragraphs which make reference to the promotion of abortion.
Equality, however, is a prerequisite for realising the EU's objectives of growth, employment and social cohesion.
All forms of physical, sexual or psychological violence, however serious, must be combated and condemned.
On the other hand, however, the option of abortion must be left open.
The ECR Group, however, believes that these are policy areas which should be addressed at national level, not EU level.
As I have already said about other reports voted on today, I do, however, believe that when implementing these recommendations, it is appropriate to respect the principle of subsidiarity and certain typical national characteristics which must be defended and protected.
In the meantime, however, the content of the paper has somehow got lost.
If we now make the crisis mechanism permanent, however we may have achieved it, then we will have taken one step forward.
It should be said, however, that the change in attitude to Turkey's efforts is what matters most.
At the same time, however, Turkey continues with its occupation of northern Cyprus, its violations in the Aegean and its blatant disregard for basic human rights and democratic freedoms.
Despite all the complexity, however, we should not allow ourselves to be influenced by historically-based prejudices.
If we have an open and principled dialogue with Turkey, however, this can lead to an improved understanding of democratic rules.
To me, however, it makes sense that, if you are living in Germany, you should prioritise learning German.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I have to admit that the excellent, outstanding work done by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten sees us engaged in a debate that is, however, still accompanied by a good dose of hypocrisy when we talk about the subject of Turkey.
Despite the differences compared to European culture, tradition and values, however, Turkey is not a fundamentalist country and religion is the free expression of every individual.
There are, however, points on which we are in agreement, and in my opinion, this was also reflected in this debate.
While recognising the significant progress made by Turkey to date, it should, however, be remembered that there are many problems which are hampering its integration into the EU.
What is important, however, is the emergence of a younger élite that has committed itself to a European future, in which it was certainly helped by the unsuccessful union with Serbia.
As emerges from the Commission communication on Montenegro's application, however, continuing high levels of unemployment point to a discrepancy between the skills which are available and those which are required, thus revealing the education system's weak points.
While they had gone to school, however, the children had been sent home regularly because they turned up in muddy shoes and covered with dirt.
At the same time, however, we must be realistic and realise how many documents we have about the Roma situation which are not always reflected in the concrete results visible on the ground.
I want, however, to clarify two things very briefly.
Very often, however, victims are victimised a second time when they come to court, and nobody cares.
On the same day, however, the Europe director of the International Monetary Fund stated that the European Union's monetary policy will hold up and does not need to be tightened.
It is not, however, making a solo comeback, because it is not alone.
That is the extent of that consensus, however, because, if we were to try to establish what kind of industrial policy we mean and which of its elements should be retained in the future, then we would all disagree.
It should be noted, however, that those services linked directly or indirectly to companies are an integral part of them.
To this end, however, we will need the entire innovation chain.
Realistically, however, we have to accept that Europe has not had its own industrial policy so far.
The European Union is developing a medium-term strategy for raw materials; however, the problem of rare earth elements is much more immediate.
In Germany, however, there is also the issue of acceptance.
If we want renewable energy, then gas is its logical partner, however difficult that may be for many people to accept.
On the other hand, however, we all know how international politics works and that a wrong decision in this area can have wide-ranging and long-term consequences.
I would also observe, however, that the same governments that are discussing this will believe even 1% of the total economic output to be too high a price for the European Union.
Mr President, I can, however, understand Western reluctance to use this ultimate means.
Democracy, however, will only survive if these people are helped to achieve better living conditions at the same time.
It will take more than that, however, because - let us not forget - no-fly zones did not prevent atrocities on the ground in Bosnia and Kosovo, even when, in the case of overflying, they were applied very rigorously.
We also know, however, that this approach could possibly be harder to implement as, for reasons of politics and time, the simplified procedure should be our aim and no referendums should be held.
The issue is that although everybody is in favour of this concept, it is, however, not defined anywhere in the Council's proposal.
I am hopeful that the progress that has emerged over recent days will mean that, in the end, we will be able to give our approval. We will only give our approval, however, if this pact takes us forwards and not if it leads to backward steps in our construction of a communal, democratic and social Europe.
While we support the Treaty amendment, however, we do not support this report because what we have here is a wish list of unnecessary changes dreamt up at the last minute.
Thus far, however, this has not been made into a motion for a resolution and that, it strikes me, is something lacking.
The solution agreed on by the countries involved, however, requires an amendment and a supplement to Article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and acceptance of this solution by all EU Member States.
Do we, however, still take these thoughts which showed us the way seriously?
To eradicate poverty, however, in addition to social measures, the firm rejection of prejudices, and developing a supporting cultural and educational environment are indispensable.
The 2010 report on the progress made in the negotiations for Turkey's accession to the European Union does, however, show the sluggishness of the process and the resistance of the political forces in Turkey to some of the fundamental provisions of the association agreement.
There are, however, areas in which we should like to see greater progress.
These, however, lie very much at the heart of this European Union and community of values.
We should take the next step soon, however, and tell Turkey quite honestly, as Mr Pieper said, that as far as we are concerned Turkish accession is simply out of the question as it would overburden Turkey and overstretch the European Union.
The Commission does, however, need to take greater responsibility for an active, strategic and leading role in developing the implementation of an effective Roma inclusion strategy.
Europe, which is small by comparison, should, however, offer the world more than simply more toxic factories, so I think it is right to invest in new technologies, the development of medicine and pharmacology and innovative solutions in areas which we already know well, including agriculture.
I disagree, however, that the calendar of 2013 was put to vote together in this plenary.
This should not, however, prevent the necessary public investment which translates into medium- and long-term gain.
The resources needed for the EU institutions to be able to fulfil what is expected of them should, however, be made available, especially in view of the new institutional framework resulting from the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
At the same time, however, we are extremely critical of the investment of a total of EUR 549.6 million to extend the KAD building in Luxembourg, and we do not at all share the rapporteur's expectation that this will result in savings in the long term.
We support the protection of equal treatment of Members of all nationalities and languages in terms of the possibility for them to carry out the duties and political activity incumbent upon them in their own language, bearing in mind, however, that this means much more than ensuring interpretation in committee meetings, as the rapporteur states.
Today, the Atlantic region suffers marginalisation compared with Europe's centre, and this can and must be remedied through the understanding that the Atlantic and relationships with the more important partners bordering it, such as Brazil and the United States, can bring about the reaffirmation of a geostrategic centrality that has, however, been displaced by the emergence of the Asian countries.
Since the Atlantic Arc area is so extensive, however, an integrated strategy must be put in place to ensure better and more effective activities coordinated by Member States.
This is why it is natural to welcome the first steps which have been taken towards constitutional reform in Turkey, which highlights, however, the need for global system reforms.
The Union, however, should also take a look in the mirror.
There is worse, however: this text threatens Turkey with the cessation of its EU accession negotiations if it fails to comply immediately with the Union's neoliberal dogma, and reminds it of the Copenhagen criteria.
Given the circumstances, however, what else could be expected?
The domestic political squabbling over reforms does not ease the way to reaching European standards, but does, however, show a commitment to change and modernisation.
It is necessary, however, that Turkey be encouraged to fulfil the exemplary role that it can play in the democratisation process for the Arab world.
The idea of its full membership, however, is becoming increasingly illusory.
It also welcomes the European Council decision of 17 December 2010 to grant Montenegro the status of candidate country for accession to the European Union, but regrets, however, the decoupling of candidate status from the right to open negotiations, stressing that the decision to start them should not be unduly or unreasonably postponed, and expects the negotiations to start at the latest after the publication of the 2011 Commission Progress Report, provided Montenegro makes good progress in fulfilling the benchmarks set by the Commission.
Measures should also be adopted, however, to respond to the specific needs of the Roma and to promote their socio-economic inclusion, such as the right to work, housing, education, healthcare and others.
In my opinion, however, it is neither necessary nor appropriate to start issuing EU bonds for this purpose (Eurobonds or project bonds).
Let us not forget, however, that aside from all the fine words, the EU is at risk of a rupture between Member States, which results in a minimal desire to create an industrial future together.
I hope, however, that in our overall view of the situation, we are coming to a common way to proceed.
First of all, however, the Ahmadinejad government needs to realise this and take the necessary measures.
This test is, however, a prerequisite for study at most Anglo-American universities.
At the same time, however, all the international players need to work to eliminate the practice of double standards when it comes to citing human rights.
Over the last few decades, however, around two thirds of the condemnatory resolutions that the Human Rights Council has adopted have concerned Israel, which is nevertheless the sole democracy in that area of the Middle East.
We must not, however, repeat the mistake of deciding who is the good winner and who is the bad winner of the elections.
However, with the vision and determination to take the right turn at each of these crossroads, there is a chance that the current impasse can be overcome, however far off that might appear now.
We know, however, that recovery cannot happen without pain.
A preventative regulatory framework, however, just like systems for supervision, inspection, sanctions and repression, must be comprehensive and must be implemented with complete thoroughness and emphasis.
I myself, however, would like to take advantage of this opportunity and ask the Commissioner a question.
As we saw last April, however, the data may be contradictory and may lead each Member State to take decisions concerning the closure of their air space that are motivated less by information than by emotion.
The situation did, however, highlight the overwhelming need for a common policy.
Expressing a clear condemnation, proposing a no-fly zone, establishing an arms embargo and other sanctions, providing humanitarian aid, evacuating European citizens, ensuring assistance to civilian populations affected are, however, all ex post measures that merely seek to stem the disaster.
The European Union, however, must play a stronger political role on the international stage and be able to address major challenges.
It is not enough, however, to adopt a resolution.
Today, however, EU politicians are shaking hands with dictators and turning a blind eye to the persecution of Christians.
Unfortunately, however, in various countries in the EU, we often see attacks on these fundamental rights.
The method for doing so should, however, be chosen carefully: the request by the Libyan Interim Transitional National Council to refrain from direct military intervention must be respected also so as not to make the humanitarian situation of civilians even worse.
In the future, relations between the EU and Iran should, however, focus on analysing the numerous human rights violations.
I have the impression, however, that the messages that we send so often to the Belarusian authorities are not heard - neither those from the European Parliament, nor those from the European Council.
It may also be necessary to widen the scope of the economic sanctions we are applying, as all the evidence suggests that words, however tough, will not improve the situation for people in Belarus.
It is difficult, however, to believe that democracy could be strengthened in Belarus merely through EU coercion.
He publicised the torture he was subjected to in prison, a fact, however, which has been denied by the authorities.
It was, however, inconceivable that the amendment of the Treaties would consolidate a mechanism based solely on intergovernmental commitments.
At the same time, however, we believe that the wording of the text relating to a consolidated Eurobonds market goes too far.
At the same time, however, I expect the new mechanism to be applied cautiously, in order to avoid what we see happening today, with both Greece and Ireland requesting more aid on top of the original amount.
This economic might cannot develop, however, because it is being administered by people to whom the latest opinion poll for the next regional election is more important than the future of the European currency.
I have a band of Aries around me here; however, we all have something to say about the pact for Europe, President Barroso.
The beneficiaries, however, are the people who will be getting a free gift.
The biggest question certainly relates, however, to the situation in the Mediterranean.
The problem, however, is with the implementation of these well-intentioned rules.
At the same time, however, this is a success for Europe as well.
We must, however, also learn, and that means that this potential nuclear disaster should have an international dimension.
Mr Brock, in particular, got it right when he said that there is a mystery in our relationship with things that makes us realise that we have not mastered everything, that however advanced we may be, we have not got the answer to all problems that nature poses to humans and the magnitude of this earthquake reminds us of exactly that.
At the same time, however, I would like to voice the opinion that it is not fortunate to contrast this type of tragedy and similar tragedies with the use of nuclear power.
The accidents in this plant's reactors resulted from the combination of highly improbable factors, it is true; however, they did combine and potentially it could happen again in other nuclear plants.
Europe has reacted in a relatively swift and united manner, although there is an awareness, which is hopefully shared by all those who support nuclear technology, that radioactivity knows no national borders and that nature does not recognise safety standards, however high they may be set.
It does, however, provide the parameters for my activities, setting down the rights of the Member States.
Of course, science and technology have done the most to help make the usual important structures safe and, of course, we have very strict rules to reduce their vulnerability; however, the recent massive earthquake and catastrophic tsunami which followed, claiming thousands of lives and causing destruction on a biblical scale, and the very serious damage to the nuclear reactors in Fukushima are such that we need to review and change the prevailing opinion of the safety of nuclear plants.
Therefore, in order to avoid potential threats in the future - because even though they are unlikely they are, however, possible - and to ensure the safety of the people of Europe, it is essential to verify the safety features which are in place in nuclear power plants in the Union's Member States.
In the end, however, how urgent is the tragedy of the refugees?
I am cautious, however, that programmes in this area should not undermine a nation's right to set its own policies.
In Eastern Europe, however, it is the prevalence and ethnic ratio of the Roma that makes the reception of additional immigrants hard.
Let us, however, ask this question: what if we settle these immigrants in Europe?
Circumstances are changing constantly, however, and due to the unrest and wars in North Africa, Europe's southern borders are now under increased pressure from thousands of refugees.
We would, however, very much like to avoid becoming entrapped in legal matters.
The global dimension of data processing should not, however, imply a lowering of the level of protection for EU citizens.
This right to protection, however, is outweighed where there is a strong suspicion that the individuals who are hiding behind that data have terrorist motives.
I regret, however, that despite the fact that we have reached agreement, the text of the directive still contains certain shortcomings.
During this debate, however, we should not forget about traders, who expect regulations which do not place an excessive burden on them.
There is not yet sufficient support for this in the Council, however, and this is one of the reasons why the Council decided to omit the issue.
That said, however, I am quite worried about some of the measures and their impact on small and medium-sized enterprises.
We have to remember, however, that there are many other factors that are still hindering the growth in ecommerce in Europe.
In early drafts from the Commission, however, we saw there was a separate value for tar sands in the consultation papers, but in a later draft that value had disappeared.
At the same time, however, environmental protection requirements have become more stringent, and so there is a clash between environmental standards and the pursuit of raw materials and the desire to extract them at any cost.
It is regrettable, however, that the European Commission submitted this proposal to Parliament late, and we could not have a meaningful debate here, even though the GSP Regulation would deserve an amendment.
In the meantime, however, we are saying that this is a tool to be handled with caution, and that also applies to inter-institutional relations.
Despite this, however, I hesitated for a long time over whether to vote for the report.
The other, however, is less visible and devotes billions of dollars every year to the spreading of religious 'education' which calls for violence against Christians, Jews and all non-Muslims.
It will, however, ensure that the principles of EU law are respected bilaterally and in the case of all EU Member States.
Rejection of the agreement would however have meant sacrificing the gains made during both stages of negotiations.
I believe, however, that it is a good idea, because it will help to define the priorities that will shape the budget negotiations over the coming months.
I would like to point out, however, that they should not be regarded as an alternative to Eurobonds.
The biggest problem, however, is that it is actually hard to understand.
Clearly, its commercial purpose is important, however in doing this it is important not to forget other aspects that must be kept under consideration.
What I am not happy about, however, is the one-sided nature of this Agreement, in which the EU, on the one hand, is making numerous concessions, while the United States, on the other, is insisting on restrictions on foreign ownership, for example.
In a situation where Canada continues to impose a unilateral visa requirement on citizens of the Czech Republic, however, I regard this Agreement as the misguided accommodation on the part of the EU of a country which does not deserve such accommodation.
This text is problematic, however, since it reinforces the 'country of origin' principle for some categories of workers, a principle that was fought by the European left during the time of the famous 'Bolkestein' Directive.
In fact, however, it gives more attention to the rights of corporations than to the rights of consumers.
This issue has no bearing, however, despite what some may have us believe by means of a political salvage operation, on the opportunity to continue with the production of nuclear energy, an energy of the future that plays its part in the decarbonisation of our economy and that guarantees our energy independence.
What I consider to be even more serious, however, is the subject of disappearing.
On behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, however, I would like to say that, in any case, we still have the goal of establishing a common, EU-wide asylum system by 2012.
I too, however, shall cite an example from our experience in Greece a few months ago, during Parliament's official asylum mission.
Let me explain: of course, we need to focus on the reliability and transparency of these procedures and to protect those who are entitled to asylum; however, we also need to watch out for abuse.
On the other hand, however, we must also prevent the system from being abused, because that, of course, is always a problem that is discussed in great depth by people in the Member States.
The Commission's effort to introduce common procedures on granting and withdrawing a unitary asylum status or additional protection through improving the harmonisation of asylum hearing instruments and improving the quality of the hearings in order to cut the number of revised decisions, however, is running into numerous objections from the Council of the European Union and from some Member States.
That was not the case, however. Thus, it has also come to the European Parliament, and I think it is good that it is being debated in this House, because we see some things, which I will now come to, in a different way to the Council.
The decisive factors, however, will probably ultimately be the global economy and perhaps the price of oil.
There is, however, no comprehensive strategy at the moment, and yet we need to act urgently.
It should be emphasised, however, that violence against women is a problem that we must all address.
I believe that this first response has been comprehensive; it is clear, however, that we need to do more.
A lot of concern, however, has been voiced at the pressure on Malta and Lampedusa, and quite rightly.
I would not, however, like to ideologise this debate which is sometimes ideologised in a bipartisan manner.
It is our duty to help all our fellow men; however, this must be linked with an obligation on the part of these countries to take back everyone who has arrived in Lampedusa and everyone who arrives in the immediate or more distant future in other European countries, because the greater the pressure, the more people will arrive in other countries.
As shadow rapporteur for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) on the Provera report, however, I would like to return to this document.
In a time of economic and financial crisis, however, it is not possible for the EU to 'finance' the third world on a massive scale, at the expense of maintaining the living standards of European citizens.
What is certain, however, is that it has brought about a humanitarian crisis.
They are, however, very frequently not represented during the resource planning stage, and taking female farmers' needs into account in this respect could bring many benefits to rural communities.
It can also be noted, however, that the report focuses on the efficiency and effectiveness of EU funding in the area of decommissioning.
At the same time, however, it highlights the fact that the EU is monitoring and giving practical support, in the form of financial aid, to the necessary efforts to decommission nuclear power plants.
One result is that Europe 2020 and the Lisbon process are extremely positive developments, however they are bound to fail if we only cut budgets unilaterally in the context of Europe's economic development.
(DE) Mr President, the results of the summit meeting were an important interim step, however the true test is yet to come.
I do, however, have one concern that goes beyond technical detail and what you have told us.
What we can be sure of, however, even if these stress tests are serious, after all, is where the funds for the banks will come from.
Raising tax rates in the European Union to standard levels regardless of the Member State is however a recipe for prolonging the crisis, not for mitigating it.
Happily we have succeeded in bringing part of the dealings within the scope of the Community method, however there is still a lack of classic top-down policy.
We must, however, understand that this will present a new and formidable problem, namely political acceptance of the decisions thus taken, on two levels.
I want to advise you, however, to keep your feet on the ground.
I personally, however, would prefer to see the Commission take the initiative and be where it should be.
At the same time however, I have told you, with great transparency I think, that when we talk about ambition, the Commission would have preferred to have gone further in some areas.
In most countries, however, the required measures need to be taken for the country's own interest, for its own nationals, to safeguard its own future.
These fears were however successfully dispelled, and an uncompromising stance was taken on Parliament's behalf.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the vote has produced a result that may be the subject of debate, however we are now very close to the position of the Council and, with the agreement of the shadow rapporteurs, I would ask that the final vote should be postponed because it is very probable that we shall be able to reach complete agreement with the Council.
Unfortunately, however, it views women only as workers or entrepreneurs.
Fukushima has shown us yet again that these reactors should be shut down; however, no such financial provisions were included into the operating costs of reactors and this is a huge and scandalous subsidy for a dangerous, expensive and contaminating method of producing energy.
Now, however, we can change the political will.
However, it also recalls the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have been made redundant as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis, points out the role that the EGF can play in the reintegration of workers made redundant into the labour market and, however, calls for an evaluation on the long-term integration of these workers into the labour market as a direct result of the EGF-funded measures.
All of which cannot, however, be done without fully respecting the principle of subsidiarity.
It calls, however, for a balanced approach between promoting legal migration into the EU and ensuring that the EU has the capacity to receive and successfully integrate migrants;
Immigration is a difficult issue to resolve; however, we can manage it, if we take the right action.
I voted 'for'; however, the report is raw and unprofessional.
I would stress, however, that there is an urgent need to review the regulation of that fund as soon as possible.
2. Recalls the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have been made redundant as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis; points out the role that the EGF can play in the reintegration of workers made redundant into the labour market; however, calls for an evaluation on the long-term integration of these workers into the labour market as a direct result of the EGF-funded measures.
To this end, it is necessary to create a long list of dual-use items; however it is a topic for another report.
I shall vote against the report, however, to express my bitter regret that the Committee on International Trade is not seeking to give itself the means to keep to social and environmental targets worthy of the name.
This form of alternative treatment for men who have committed serious assaults on women, however, should never replace the penalty imposed by criminal law.
I agree with my friend and colleague Mrs Svensson when she states that women are victims of gender-based violence; however we must not view women, including those who are victims of this kind of violence, simply as victims.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - (DE) Mr Barroso, you are a very clever man, however you have not answered my question.
I consider it extremely important, however, for the EU to take on the task of coordinating national strategies and supervising them, with the aim of ensuring the quickest possible genuine integration of the Roma.
It should be emphasised, however, that similarly formulated objectives also appeared in the Decade of Roma Inclusion programme.
I fear, however, that once again this heavily burdened and complicated agenda, like previous programmes, may have to be cut back.
What he did not reveal, however, is that two thirds of these savings have simply been transferred to the 2013 or 2012 financial year, so that we will have to decide what to do about this money next year.
I do know, however, that the wider European public regards this as an outrageous waste of taxpayers' money.
Let me stress, however, that for multiannual programmes the full picture is only seen when the programmes are closed, after any irregularities have been satisfactorily dealt with by the Member States.
The matter is now under discussion, however, on the floor of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.
The reason for this is quite sad, however, as it consists of the observation that large amounts of fraud are committed within the European Union.
That is not the case, however, in cities like Misrata and other areas controlled by Gaddafi.
(EL) Madam President, I should like to thank the Commissioner for her detailed reply; however, I would note that, with a sample of 0.4%, the error rate rises to 4% or EUR 2 million in 50 billion.
In the absence of such technologies, however, separate collection at source is the cheapest and the easiest method to obtain high quality secondary raw materials from waste.
In certain cases, however, supranational structures aim to have too much influence over politics in the sovereign Member States.
In view of the fact that European political parties and their foundations should receive more than EUR 30 million from the European Parliament in 2012, however, we must ensure maximum transparency in the management of this funding.
The gap will be filled, however, by giving people their say on Lisbon, on increasing federalism, and on the litany of red tape that comes from these institutions.
Members are not nominated by EU institutions, however, but elected by the citizens of the Member States.
I would, however, like to underline here that my personal attitude and that of the services is very positive and I would like to facilitate your participation.
After the vote in committee, however, a number of positive points were included which improved the report considerably.
Recently, however, we have noticed a certain lethargy in the market's integration.
Apart from public works concessions, however, at present there is no European law on concessions, and even though the general principles of the Treaty are applicable, there is real legal uncertainty in this area, which is preventing this type of contract from developing.
This, however, will only happen if we are able to create jobs.
I am convinced, however, that we must not succumb to this temptation.
Indicating the political guidelines, however, is certainly the European Council's task.
The Commission's approach has been an ambitious one, and there are some very important projects in hand: the European patent, the common energy market, and so on. One issue, however, has remained a nagging problem: the report's social contribution is very poor.
We believe that the market is useful, that it has its virtues; however, it is not a social model per se.
The question, however, is how much purport we can really give it.
I would not like discussion on deepening the internal market to lack reference to the biggest and most ambitious plan - a plan which, despite many years of work, is not, however, a reality - the plan to create a Single Market for services.
The Commission has already completed a good part of the job. Naturally, however, they, too, still have much to do.
Just now, however, I did not have time to read the last part of my speech, which was basically to thank Commissioner Barnier.
We have to cut costs, however; that is absolutely clear.
When we talk of consumer protection, however, Amendment 3 was important in that connection.
We should, however, monitor the way in which these funds are spent, and whether they do, in fact, contribute to an improvement in the situation in the sector.
The top tier of the army, however, is deeply tied to the economic interests of the former regime and does not represent the legitimate demands and aspirations of the working people.
My one regret, however, is that the European right adopted a tightening of accelerated procedures based on the notion that asylum seekers are primarily potential fraudsters, limiting their rights.
The Commission has, however, been tabling proposals to Parliament and the Council aimed at providing suitable solutions to the problems that have been detected.
Having said that, however, when it came to the final vote, I voted in favour of the whole report which ultimately contained a number of very good clauses addressing Member States' needs and preoccupations.
Now, however, we need to revise the regulation, to ensure consistency between all the elements of the legislative framework.
I regret, however, that the proposal to increase cofinancing rates in the area of additional data collection, management and use to 60% of eligible expenditure has not been adopted.
The rapporteur considers it important, however, to table changes that bring the legislation more into line with recent trends in the sector and its future prospects, particularly with regard to fisheries management supported by scientific knowledge of stock status and to investment in aquaculture.
I believe, however, that in the climate of austerity which the EU is experiencing, it is also important for Members to moderate their spending.
I did not, however, support the Group line on issues such as freezing the allowances of MEPs and provision of business class travel for MEPs.
Given the difficult economic and budgetary conditions that the Member States are experiencing, Parliament should show budgetary responsibility and restraint in the 2012 financial year without, however, jeopardising its aim of legislative excellence.
Not all mothers, however, are able to breast-feed their children, for reasons of health, for example.
The Commission's work, however, is not exhaustive because it does not report the fraud data of individual Member States as underlined by the rapporteur.
The focus must be placed, as is well set out in the report, on cutting the red tape to do with the procedures for granting funding, combined, however, with the introduction of harsh penalties in the event of irregularities or non-compliance with existing regulations.
While making such modifications, however, we must also retain all the current transparency requirements and bring in sanctions - primarily financial ones - something which is currently lacking in the Financial Regulation.
The President of the Council of the European Union, working together with the President of the European Commission, would be authorised to coordinate and supervise this process of revitalisation while maintaining, however, the involvement of the Member States.
In addition to these positive aspects, however, there are points of significant divergence on how Member States should comply with the directives and too many references are made to social forms of entrepreneurship.
This is clearly stated in the introduction of the document; however, the proposals to implement that goal are too weak to achieve it.
We cannot afford, with regard to any energy source, however large its share in supply security may be, to put considerations of guaranteeing supply before safety aspects related to human health or environmental protection.
In addition to the freedom to determine the energy mix, however, the deepening of the internal market and increasingly close interconnections result in a growing interdependence between Member States' energy policies and energy source selection decisions.
It is estimated, however, that the affected area may, in fact, include a total of around 50 000 km2 across many provinces in Ukraine.
On the other hand, however, we must avoid the pitfall of making emotional and unfounded decisions about whether to keep or abandon nuclear energy.
Another failing is that the EU has not drawn up common standards. It is imperative, however, that these should exist.
We did, however, have ambitions to make significant progress in the creation of a common energy market.
The most important question, however, is what further measures Europe plans in order to guarantee the safety of nuclear energy production.
The very bad news, however, is that these populations are suffering an extremely tough repression, demonstrating these values and aspirations while putting their lives at risk, and that is totally unacceptable.
On the other hand, however, without growth, we will not build developing countries' economic potential.
Its economy is heavily dependent on fishing, however, having had a disastrous venture into financial services, and Iceland is therefore likely to demand a significant concession to protect its fishing industries if it ever joins the EU.
It should not be forgotten, however, that one condition for the accession of any country to the European Union is the clear commitment of both government and society.
Iceland's membership of the EU, however, may not be a matter of course.
I would like to appeal to the Members from Greece, however, to show goodwill and support not only this report, but also the amendment, which reinstates the reference to Macedonian in the text as one of the official languages.
In view of the varying political development of the individual countries, however, the EU must apply a variable approach and provide more help and EU resources to those Eastern partners that are prepared to go further and faster in fulfilling their obligations.
The inhabitants of the country must not, however, become hostage to their political representatives, who have decided to implement their own version of democracy.
I do so, however, on the understanding that the support that we offer to our neighbours must be conditional upon a demonstration of political will and concrete progress in democratisation processes.
The Council, however, seems to be finding it extremely hard to take this Parliament's proposals on the review of the external mandate seriously.
In adding my voice to that of other members of the Committee on Petitions, I would, however, like to ask whether the Commission has any intention of revising rules of this kind, and of possibly recovering the unpaid customs duties.
In my view, he enjoys a presumption of innocence; however, in light of the accusations against him, the present report on FYROM does not enjoy a presumption of credibility.
We also, however, want to show that we can continue with nuclear power when there is greater certainty over the issue.
It is a pity, however, that the majority here voted against this, and that the clear message was therefore not sent today.
Despite that, however, we now need to examine things calmly and remember that you cannot generalise on the basis of an individual case.
I am not naïve, however, and I know that in the Islamic world, it is difficult to take these values forward.
On this issue, however, there is no proposal as to how the development of international trade could help achieve stability, and with it tranquillity and peace in the Southern Mediterranean areas.
In the last few years, however, new inactivated vaccines have become available.
This ideological debate, however, must not take away from the immediate concern of assisting the Japanese people in every way possible to recover from this disaster.
Cooperation at the European level, however, is essential.
For the moment, however, we do not have any credible alternatives.
I did, however, vote against the motion as a whole, because it was merely a juxtaposition of viewpoints forming an inconsistent motion.
Where the substance of the resolution is concerned, however, I would comment that - as so often with resolutions of this type - it is a case of too little, too slowly.
This should not, however, lead to closures of existing power plants where there are no safety concerns or prevent the opening of new nuclear installations to replace out-of-date plants.
Despite this, however, many problems persist: increasing dependence on imported goods, poverty, the low level of human capital and vulnerability to climate change and natural disasters.
The economic crisis is certainly hampering negotiations; however, tough negotiations on the back of people living in absolute poverty are, at best, morally questionable.
Challenges still remain, however, and the focus should now be on the priorities for action, with more effective benchmarks, in particular, as regards the Eastern Partnership.
I would, however, draw my fellow Members' attention to the cross-border dimension of this policy.
It goes further than that, however: no one has the right to violate the dignity of women merely because they have the courage to demand the right to express their thoughts, actively participating in the construction of a peaceful and democratic world and demanding, above all, the right to gender equality.
For me, however, the issues of transparency and measurable results remain doubtful.
China has opened up to the West in economic terms without, however, linking production to respect for the environment and safety at work, and it is unable to embrace democracy and pluralism in any form whatsoever.
If we stop talking to this brick wall, however, then the dictators will have got what they wanted.
The human rights dialogue with China, however, must not simply be allowed to remain at the level of diplomatic speeches.
Right now, however, we are talking about China and there we are more or less powerless, as has already been said.
That, however, will not be without its problems.
On certain amendments, however, the Commission has to be a bit more nuanced.
Not so long ago, however, we discussed the Digital Agenda; we all agree on the Digital Agenda; and this issue is a major one for the Digital Agenda.
Given what is at stake, however, I am confident those hurdles will be taken successfully.
I believe, however, that we have to take the line that time is not on our side and that derogations should not be misused.
Both decisions are wrong; however, because of the time constraints, among other reasons, I intend to focus solely on the issue of merit, but only after voicing my full support for Mr Moreira's speech.
Let us help Pakistan, yes; not, however, with the Commission's original proposal, as it does not take into account the effects on European industry as regards implementation deadlines for sensitive products, and would even delay the implementation of these measures because it is not the same as the text awaiting WTO approval: we would miss the deadline.
That is how it is, however much the Committee on International Trade might want to sugar the pill with toothless safeguards which essentially do not change anything.
In the meantime, however, Europe has basically shown that it will go to any lengths to harm the interests of its citizens and its high quality industries, now and in the future.
I would like the exclusions to be provided either with a clear time limit or with definite benchmarks, however they are structured - perhaps the Commission could consider what proposals it intends to bring to the table to go some way towards meeting India's demands.
I would like to be very clear, however, and I have already said this on several occasions, during conferences and also directly to the NGOs concerned: we are not asking for data exclusivity; we are simply not asking for that.
In spite of the advantages to be gained from signing the agreement, we should, however, bear in mind issues where both parties to the agreement present opposing views.
The bottom line is that however important Japan may be as a trading partner, European citizens must be protected from any risk from radioactive contaminated products.
This was difficult to do with regard to the old agreements, however, and I have therefore retained the compromises that we proposed in committee, as the vote was very even.
Unfortunately, however, that would mean legal uncertainty for investors and too much work, perhaps, for the Commission.
A large number of countries - especially new Member States, including the Czech Republic - allow unsustainable forestry on their territory, however, which can be defined as the total clearance and looting of forest growth.
I should like to emphasise, however, that you have put the discharge at the top of the agenda in the College, in the Commission.
It can, however, count on the members of the European Parliament's Committee on Development when it comes to making the necessary resources available to the delegations.
Such coordination is, however, taking place at the moment in the reviews that we are carrying out.
These agencies' commitment to overcome said problems should, however, be highlighted.
One of the main causes of problems, however, is undoubtedly the lengthy decision-making on the projects themselves.
First, however, let me say one thing about the permanent debate on Strasbourg versus Brussels.
Overall, however, I consider the work of the agencies to be very positive.
There are, however, a few small areas - of seemingly little consequence - where some wanted to make cuts.
I hope, however, that the Commission will submit a report in September that sets out strategies on this issue.
Legal certainty remains, however, a relative term as long as the transition of the investment protection regime is not completed and expiry dates are not set for Member States' existing BITs.
Every time, however, Parliament pretends to see progress, and grants discharge.
The European Parliament welcomes the fact that the Centre will carry out a mid-term review of its strategy for 2008-2012; however, it invites the Centre to further develop the appraisal of its own performance, by improving the synergies between its strategic activities and the activities foreseen in its work programme and by reviewing the indicators for monitoring its performance in order to comply with SMART criteria.
I regret, however, that the principle of annuality has not been respected, and that there was a high number of carryovers.
The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control performs a very important task and has also justified its existence through its measures to combat the H1N1 pandemic; however, I would have expected the discharge to be postponed until the content of the recommendations by the Internal Audit Service (IAS) that are called for in the report is available - the IAS made one 'very important' recommendation and seven 'important' recommendations - and the Centre has presented a plan for the implementation of these recommendations.
This agency should, however, make efforts to improve its planning and monitoring policies.
Since the Agency has refused a full five of the 18 recommendations, however, it seems that even the will required for this is lacking.
Courts should have the necessary instruments available to act swiftly and freeze the assets of the debtor or alleged debtor, however not under any circumstances.
The report did, however, show that some progress is being made.
I believe, however, that the request made to the Agency to make efforts to improve its budgetary and recruitment planning is absolutely fair.
There are also, however, more equitable forms of aid.
The fact is, however, that this initiative first has to be given the green light at World Trade Organisation (WTO) level.
Legal certainty will, however, remain a relative term as long as the transition of the investment protection regime is not completed, and given validity terms of existing BITs of Member States under international public law.
In addition to this solidarity, however, I should like to stress that the second basic principle is the responsibility that the countries themselves have.
The answer, however, is greater involvement of EU mechanisms.
Two main issues, however, remain outstanding which are inextricably linked to the political discussions.
At the same time, however, we see that Europe was not ready for the growing number of immigrants from Tunisia and Libya.
You cannot stop this because it is perfectly normal - we live in a free and open society - however we need to make our voice heard within this structure and maintain our independence.
We are pleased that this has been achieved and also quite proud of the result, however I must say that we are not happy with all aspects.
I am sure this is something Mr Häfner will not want to hear, however, although Parliament has finally reached agreement on this transparency register, no doubt bowing to pressure because of the recent lobbying scandal, in my opinion, this register will lack teeth.
Apparently there are hundreds of expert groups who work on the official papers published by the Commission, however the identity of the members of these advisory bodies that meet behind closed doors remains a closely-guarded secret.
This transparency register may be just a small victory, however it can be seen as a move in the same direction as Washington D.C., where the Lobbying Act on Disclosure has existed for some time.
I can assure you, however, that we will ensure that the rules of conduct for this Parliament will be some of the most transparent and will be rules which can make our citizens and ourselves proud of being members of this extraordinary institution.
I am, however, confident that we will come to a positive conclusion.
Its actual impact, however, will depend mainly on the willingness of everyone involved to respect the more stringent rules.
Mr Oettinger, we do not yet have this competence, however you must do all you can to ensure that we are given the basis to monitor nuclear plants independently and objectively from a European perspective, enabling us to draw our own conclusions when weaknesses are pinpointed.
I therefore support the decision to conduct stress tests of nuclear power stations on EU territory. These tests will not be mandatory, however, and there will be no consequences for those who fail to participate in them.
I would claim it was originally a natural disaster - earthquake and flooding - however, human strengths and weaknesses came into play when it came to taking control of the risk and in reducing and avoiding damage.
At the same time, however, the common agricultural policy must meet the environmental and territorial challenges and objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy while also supporting the competitiveness and sustainability of agricultural industries and rural areas.
In view of the fact that we are running very late, however, I will limit myself to one consideration, if I may.
I would point out, however, that my group decided to approve the proposal in its initial version, which provides rapid benefits for business and consumers.
I must express regret, however, over the fact that the Council has so stubbornly refused to introduce country of origin labelling and to harmonise size labelling.
It is also up to us, however, to convince people about this, not only here in Brussels, but also our governments at home, if we want to achieve these goals.
The issue, however, is anything but trivial: labels with origin marking can help prevent fraud, as well as protect quality.
I should like us all to remember, however, that this is a battle we must win together and by working as a unit because, as Mrs Comi pointed out, this fight began a long time ago and today we are marking important progress.
As you noted, however, this scenario does not extend to cases in which repayment of sovereign debt is defaulted on.
Commissioner, this is, without doubt, the top priority at the stress test stage; however, I would also point out that, in the second stage, full and fundamental preventive supervision will need to include appropriate mechanisms to address what, to date, has been a particularly shadowy banking sector.
On the other hand, however, they carried out expansionist lending based on external resources assigned in the short term and providing funding in the long term.
At the end of the day, however, the main responsibility remains at national level.
I would stress, however, that care must be taken when publishing results.
Something has to be done, however, because 70 million tonnes of hazardous waste per year - and rising - is no trifling matter.
The Commission, however, has done virtually nothing, unless you count the many studies it has conducted and its proposal for a new Renewables Directive.
Along with the speakers who came before me, however, I believe there is little desire on the part of Member States, in particular, to invest in controls and to introduce sufficiently harsh penalties for breaches of the existing rules.
Others, however, cannot be dismissed out of hand and I would like to share my concerns with you.
European states are bombing their recent partners; at the same time, however, they are bombing and destroying the arms they themselves sold.
We could, however, expect one or two things from the skipper, namely, initiative and ideas, and we are still waiting.
Baroness Ashton, you have already intervened on the subject of the Egyptian Copts; however, not only has the persecution continued, but today, it is a worrying element in the so-called 'Arab Spring'.
Broad assistance should not mean interference, however, because the development of civil society, democracy and the rule of law must, in my opinion, remain in Arab and Muslim hands.
The kidnapped Estonians are, however, still at the mercy of their abductors.
The progress so far, however, has been quite slow.
At the same time, however, we cannot fail to mention the indication of the country of origin issue.
I am disappointed, however, that the Council has not signed up to the proposal.
These measures cannot, however, be considered in isolation from the situation of severe economic and social crisis that exists today in the Balkans, particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo.
The current crisis in this region is obviously part of the wider crisis of capitalism and is being aggravated by its impact: however, it is deeply rooted in a long history of interference, aggression and military occupation, promoted by the EU and its main powers, and the US, seeking to impose their economic and political dominance on the region.
These measures cannot, however, be considered in isolation from the situation of severe economic and social crisis that exists today in the Balkans, particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo.
The current crisis in this region is part of the wider crisis of capitalism and is being aggravated by its impact: however, it is deeply rooted in a long history of interference, aggression and military occupation, promoted by the EU and its main powers, and the US, seeking to impose their economic and political dominance.
The abolition of trade preferences could, however, have very negative consequences on the overall economic performance of the Western Balkans and, consequently, a negative effect on their domestic reforms and the transformation process.
It is regrettable, however, that the Council, unlike the Commission, has not joined in the initiative.
However, I do not believe that the register's primary aim is solely to combat corruption as the instances of corruption have, however, been very few and far between.
The arguments put forward this time are, however, different, focusing on the new powers of Parliament following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
It is not, however, clear that this will be the result of all the changes proposed here.
I hope, however, that representatives of the regions, for instance, will be given due recognition.
It is, however, the duty also of the representatives of the Member States to provide information and transparency in their dealings with European citizens.
We were initially opposed to the report since it applied the same rules to lobbyists as to public bodies, including the regions' representatives to the EU; following our requests, however, the report was amended.
I would, however, like to express some reservations.
I believe, however, that this register should be mandatory and extended to all the European institutions.
I have, however, fought to prevent the offices representing local authorities at the European institutions from being affected by this measure.
At the same time, however, this must be supplemented by regular external evaluation and appropriate regulatory supervision.
Amendments by the rapporteur to weaken the resolution were, however, adopted, as was the report containing very mixed messages.
By adopting this report, however, we have stressed the need for a stronger commitment to environmental protection in forest policy.
Today, however, we are still here defending certain decisions and maintaining that it was a collective failure.
Whatever all of us would like to have - and as Commissioner responsible for consumers, I am all for information to consumers - this must, however, be evidence-based and we must have an impact assessment.
The Presidency is, however, committed to doing its part to assist in ensuring that all necessary measures are in place in order to address the current problems.
You do have a chance, however, for another 30 seconds if you agree to answer a blue card question by Mr van Dalen.
First and foremost, however, we have a political crisis on our hands.
Ireland and Portugal, however, ran their affairs in a disciplined way, and got into a crisis that was not of their own making. It is the poorly regulated banks that were irresponsible.
It is true, however, that we have to see whether the costs are justified or not, and we need to approach this on a very concrete basis.
The long-term problem, however, is the slow implementation of this knowledge in practice, due to complex bureaucracy.
This, in itself, is already a major challenge. On top of this, however, for the first time in the history of mankind, we need to do this within the physical limits of the planet.
If we are among the best, our competitiveness will, however, be assured.
Let us not forget, however, that these slogans must be backed up by practical measures, and that the appropriate legislative decisions must be taken and laws implemented which will contribute to the achievement of the objectives which have been mentioned, namely, the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
I want to state, however, that, contrary to popular opinion, this is not exclusively a problem brought about by intensive agriculture.
As you all know, however, I was very critical of the original Commission initiative, and I would therefore like to emphasise several points which we have managed to include in this report.
The point I want to make, however, is that, if we want to bolster the creative industries, we have work to do, in particular, on digital development.
Now, however, we have to look to the future.
Austria itself, however, should strive to achieve a benchmark when it comes to the unsatisfactory number of highly qualified graduates there.
They do not have the freedom to choose, however, as society places little if any value on the work of women in the home and in caring for children.
I see it, however, as an important contribution to the debate on common European aims and values in pre-school education.
Special care for children from the more at-risk groups, however, must be provided in a very sensitive way, in order to avoid stigmatising these children or families, which might increase the risk of their social exclusion.
Consequently, I think that we need to ensure at the moment in Europe that there is a greater distribution of creative works and free access is provided to them online without, however, ignoring the fact that the artists and their works must be protected and receive fair remuneration.
Current practice shows, however, that at a regional and local level, access to financial support for the initial stages of innovation and for supporting start-ups and small innovative companies is still very inadequate and patchy in the EU.
I would like, however, to give my backing, in particular, to those speakers who stressed that innovation and research should and must take place in the agricultural sector, too.
I do ask, however, that attention be paid to red tape when implementing justified demands.
The Baltic countries should also, however, participate more robustly in this peace and stability development.
On the other hand, however, the resolution does not tackle - or fails to tackle sufficiently - a number of the constraints, direct and indirect, with which SMEs are currently burdened, many of which are the result of the policies dominant at EU level.
On the other hand, however, it does not criticise or propose alternatives to the neoliberal and restrictive policies of the Stability and Growth Pact, which are causing so many problems for SMEs and the general public.
It must be ensured, however, that the financial and administrative burden on farmers is not increased because of any increased surveillance and monitoring of antimicrobial resistance (AMR) in food producing and companion animals.
Resistant animal germs can be passed on to humans, however, and represent a major health risk - the result may even be antibiotic resistance in humans.
This report emphasises, however, that the cultural dimension of external actions still remains underdeveloped and undercoordinated, and that it is necessary to adopt a common and coherent strategy in this area.
The Europeana website is a move in this direction; unfortunately, however, it has not realised its potential as yet.
Otherwise, however, the situation is more than worrying in Azerbaijan.
As a country with such an exceptional status, however, it has promised, in the signing of mutual agreements as a partner of the EU, to uphold the principles of democracy, human rights and the rule of law, which are fundamental preconditions for such cooperation.
The facts reveal, however, that those words are just an empty promise.
The decisive answer to this, however, is European unification, particularly with the independent Baltic States, and a clear commitment to continuing the European unification process, which is not yet complete.
I would like to issue a word of warning, however: in our soapbox speeches, we are always talking about reducing bureaucracy.
We are against the report, however, insofar as the rapporteur wishes to add further accounting modules.
How can this be achieved, however, if the problems and the potential solutions are not fully understood?
Since then, however, the situation has changed considerably.
First of all, however, it is worth mentioning the relatively small amount of money earmarked for innovation in the new EU Member States.
I am aware, however, of some concerns about always using flat rates and lump sums, so I believe we should be looking for some flexibility and discretion in those areas.
As I said before, however, we do not know who the Nobel prizewinners will be in five or ten years' time.
At this point, however, I would like to draw attention to a major problem, which is the ratification of this agreement.
I do wonder, however, about the content of several negotiating chapters.
Now, however, the euro continues to exist and has not been abolished.
It is plain to see, however, that ILO conventions are violated in some Member States.
The problem is, however, that it cannot be enforced.
In the meantime, however, I propose to Parliament that we hold a great show of European gastronomy either in Brussels or here in Strasbourg, allowing cucumber to take centre stage.
I would like to stress, however, that it is not by pointing the finger at the causes - which then turn out not to be the causes - that we will solve the problem.
At the same time, however, we also have to say that it is our job, in the European Union, to warn consumers when there is a dangerous foodstuff on the market.
In the long term, however, it remains to be seen which other measures are adopted in this respect.
The genie was already long out of the bottle by that stage, however, and the wildest imaginable stories were already circulating in the media.
We must not forget, however, that the highest price that we paid for this epidemic was in the dozens of victims across many Member States of the European Union.
It is, however, an important part of a solution to bring about a more sustainable transport system.
The most disconcerting fact, however, is probably that this Parliament sees this proposal as just a first step.
In the case of cross-border transport, however, we also depend on the decisions of others and so we need to reach an agreement.
We must remain vigilant, however: after three years of interinstitutional negotiations, we need to convince certain Member States that a policy for genuinely protecting the environment and an economic policy for successfully developing Europe's rail network are both achievable thanks to the balance struck in this trialogue.
I do find it particularly questionable, however, that we are planning to proceed in this area according to the principle of voluntary action, in other words, such that, as before, States that do not wish to be involved in this Eurovignette simply do not have to implement it.
It does, however, also give rise to costs - infrastructure costs, but also other costs such as fine particulates in the air, noise, traffic jams and so on.
In addition, allowance has been made for the possibility of a certain dependence of tolls on vehicle movement (road congestion) at peak hours - for a maximum, however, of five hours a day.
It is regrettable, however, that it is not yet possible to monitor the path of the product from its source.
The system of import authorisations still remains in place for controls on these imports, which, however, do not pose problems with regard to the functioning of the EU market.
To complete the picture, however, I look forward to the time when the Muscardini report fully enters into force, as it will enable European consumers to be better informed about the origin of products, including textiles, from third countries.
It is suggested, however, that these efforts should be significantly improved, given that Croatia continues to be one of the main routes for drug trafficking into the EU.
To this end, however, major investment is needed in innovation and development.
If we are to achieve these objectives, however, we need adequate funding for research and development, which has been scarce until now.
The new powers given to Parliament by the Treaty of Lisbon, however, also bring new responsibilities.
The Commission, however, has reserved the right to make the carbon charge obligatory by 2013.
Under the compromise reached, however, due consideration must also be given to the protection of the haulage industry, which must not be penalised excessively.
It is, however, regrettable that the text does not go even further.
In this context, however, we must not overlook the various initiatives to pave the way for so-called giga- or megaliners, which are associated with high infrastructure costs.
How can this be achieved, however, if the problems and their potential solutions are not fully understood?
It should, however, be borne in mind that the national statistical systems and their costs will need to be adapted.
It is, however, regrettable that statistics and taxes are included indiscriminately in 'environmental accounting'.
Economists disagree on many things; however, history has taught us two things: firstly, that you cannot save a bankrupt by giving him expensive loans and, secondly, that extreme austerity can never reduce the deficit of a macro-economy in recession which is unable to depreciate its currency.
I am distressed by something that I heard today, however, although it is something that I am unable to verify, namely, that police wages in Romania are to be cut by around a third.
It is clear, however, that the number of applications to register under the protected geographical indication (PGI), protected designation of origin (PDO) and traditional specialities guaranteed (TSG) quality food schemes varies considerably from one Member State to another.
I think that in some of the Member States, however, we need some financial assistance in terms of training people and keeping them at home, because I think that, rather than feeding the jobs market within the EU, they will be feeding the job markets of Australia and other countries further afield.
The Member States have not yet expressed any support for such an approach on a general basis with, however, one notable exception - the pilot project on relocation to other Member States for persons who have received international protection on Malta.
At the same time, however, as you well know, there are unanimity issues in the Council on the issue of Bulgaria and Romania.
Since it may well prove politically too difficult to implement a Community method for both evaluations and suspension, however worthwhile, would it not be better to make European substance the priority by launching infringement proceedings when necessary against Member States in breach of Schengen rules?
Once again, however, we in the Commission cannot unilaterally alter these agreements.
One of these measures, however, was also giving Directorates-General the ability to suspend payments for up to six months in justified cases.
When it comes to the error rate, however, I would also ask you to always take into consideration that regional policy has, if you like, a kind of snowplough function in this connection, that, in relation to certain statutorily developed elements, we check how they are implemented in day-to-day practice, how effective they are and what problems result.
There is one but, however: we live in a time when all Member States are turning over every euro at least three times before spending it.
To do this, however, we also need to be able to change our view of the EU budget.
We can raise resources by using instruments such as project bonds and Eurobonds, which must, however, be managed with the utmost rigour so as not to risk the creation of further debt, which would be dangerous.
It can, however, help create jobs and growth because it is about investment.
I must point out, however, that we need to identify better ways to use the revenues, making it mandatory for the Member States to invest these resources to improve the trans-European transport network (TEN-T) and infrastructure for reducing pollution.
They have had no information, however, as to whether the funding will continue.
What is completely unacceptable, however, is the action taken by the Council on education in terms of budget cuts.
Let us bear in mind that Romania and Bulgaria adopted the Schengen acquis (data protection, Schengen Information System, air, land and sea borders, police cooperation and visas) when they joined the European Union in 2007. Now, however, all Member States need to agree on their effective participation in the area without internal borders.
In my opinion, however, Romania and Bulgaria have now proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
We cannot, however, neglect the Bulgaria-Turkey-Greece region, which is one of the EU's most sensitive external borders in terms of illegal immigration.
I would add, however, that it would be unfortunate if new conditions, which were unknown at the time of the request and evaluation, were imposed along the way.
I would underline, however, the importance of rigorous controls at external borders for the purposes of internal security.
I do, however, acknowledge that the joint technology initiatives help make European industry more competitive, although the already existing legal and administrative obstacles need to be dealt with quickly.
It must be reviewed and adapted to a changing world, however, particularly in light of the financial crisis and varying fiscal circumstances.
Now, however, action must be taken to match their words.
I welcome the level of participation and excellence in project selection but regret, however, that the success rate under this programme generally remains quite low and is a disincentive, particularly for SMEs.
This agreement could reinforce the already strong bilateral trade and investment relationship between the EU and Canada; however, it should be mutually beneficial and therefore, I have abstained from voting as yet.
I would, however, warn of the need to consider the economic impact of this opening up, especially on the Member States whose economies are more vulnerable.
Hitherto, however, these agencies have earned themselves a dishonourable reputation.
On the other hand, however, it has been noted that there is too much confidence in the ratings assigned by CRAs, which surely contributed significantly to exacerbating the financial crisis.
This is because, in my opinion, the EU should refrain from imposing social prerogatives on third countries, however correct or beneficial they may deem them to be.
This is often hindered by the country's legal order; however, weak political will and internal economic pressure are also at play.
This is a legitimate objective; however, I have certain reservations as to whether we shall be able to achieve this objective.
On the other, however, it is also clear that companies lack qualified professionals whose training is geared towards the duties they should be performing.
It is, in its own right, one of the branches of foreign policy; however, it should also be an important part in a strategy for reversing migratory flows that enables populations to remain in or return to their country of origin and live life there with dignity and increasing prosperity.
Hitherto, however, this procedure has rarely been applied.
In practice, however, this is difficult, given the multiple variables and interests involved.
Mutual assessment, however, should take into account not just financial impacts, but should also focus on other aspects, such as the economic, environmental and social aspects.
We should not forget, however, that they merely permit the technical, substantive preparation of a political decision.
Its context, however, includes dangers for both: consumers & SMEs.
On the other, however, there is a certain resistance amongst Member States to sacrificing their legal solutions, which is hardly surprising given that these have developed over centuries and that they are widely known by their respective populations.
To date, however, there has been no European-level harmonisation of the rules on contracts for consumers and businesses.
GDP has become an indicator of social development and progress generally. It is not, however, a measure of environmental sustainability or social inclusion.
The issue at stake, however, is not that of the existence of a global navigation satellite system for Europe based on use for non-military ends and not integrated into the EU's security arrangements.
It is very important, however, that continuity of service is guaranteed, as a (temporary) limitation or degradation of GPS signals will have tremendous effects on our economy and society, without other independent GNSS systems in place.
The Galileo idea is a good one in principle; however, the costs must be brought under control.
I would, however, have liked the European Parliament to move beyond the stage of legitimate demands and set a certain number of priorities.
The Commission may, however, assess the constitution - as it may any other legal act of a Member State - from the perspective of its compliance with Union law.
There is also a constitutional dimension to the European Union itself, however, insofar as not only is the architecture of its institutions subject to the law but there are also guarantees enshrined in law to protect the position of individuals with regard to the government authorities in Europe, and there exists an essential principle, that of democracy, which exalts pluralism.
I must refer, however, to what I have just heard regarding the protection of minorities under the Spanish constitution, which has been set up as an example to some other constitutions that have been mentioned by Mr Szájer.
European values are one thing; however, European values also mean, for example, that a Member State should operate on the rule of law, which entails issues such as the separation of powers and the democratic principle.
The new Hungarian constitution, however, opens up issues that are sensitive for its neighbours and which affect them.
At the same time, however, this instrument will fall into disrepute if European Arrest Warrants are used for, say, stolen bicycles, or merely in order to carry out questioning.
On the issue of proportionality and minor crimes, however, I would like to tell you, Commissioner Reding, that none of the crimes I have heard mentioned this afternoon - thefts of ties, piglets and bicycles - are covered by the arrest warrant.
In the meantime, however, it is important to ensure that the instrument is applied uniformly in all the Member States, with a real distinction between serious crimes, for which it is intended and sanctioned, and non-serious crimes.
Despite the innumerable successes that have taken place, however, the past seven years have also shown that the system is not yet perfect and that it is not being used in the way originally intended.
Unfortunately, however, they will not be completed as fast as Mrs Oomen-Ruijten imagines.
One crucial issue, however, will be how the next elections are held.
More important, however, are the political germs, or seeds, that are actually present - the weak beginnings of democracy and the rule of law.
How does our own behaviour appear, however, from outside the Union?
This also means, however, accepting the sovereign rights of neighbouring states and their decisions as regards entering into the alliances that they wish to enter into.
Citizens, however, become very restless if what is stated on paper is not implemented.
We can only successfully support such modernisation, however, if people can come together easily in order to learn from each other and exchange experiences.
At the same time, however, it will bring about innovative changes in energy, nuclear energy and international security.
There are also problems, however, in the area of the still unimplemented agreement from 2006 in respect of EU airlines.
It surely has the right, however, to safety and international security.
The basis for all EU-Russia relations in future, however, needs to be the promotion of peace and security and support for democratic values and political and economic freedom.
In this case, however, a petition was tabled, people reacted accordingly and Austria put its house in order.
The legal question arises, however, as to how the Republic of Austria has transposed the EIA Directive.
The Commission should, however, proceed with a certain amount of circumspection here.
What these swindlers mostly rely on, however, is the poor level of legal knowledge among the institutions responsible and, regrettably, their lack of willingness and courage in many cases, and a certain indolence.
The proposed stress tests are, however, too weak.
In a country such as France, however, we also know that we will need 20 to 25 years to phase out nuclear power, and the latest studies giving the statistics on serious nuclear accidents predict that there will be an accident somewhere in the world within the next fifteen years.
We can also see, however, that confidentiality is necessary in certain cases.
We are faced, however, with ageing power plants and the practice of subcontracting.
Mr Cohn-Bendit may find this ridiculous and he may be able to do it within the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance but, however, the rules in Parliament are clear.
I should note, however, that intervention in this country remains a priority for the European Union.
(IT) Mr President, I should like to emphasise how at the bilateral summit, taking place today and tomorrow, there will be an important issue to confront; an issue, however, that seems to me to be missing from our joint resolution.
I do not agree, however, with paragraph 17 of the resolution, which attacks Russia for not giving gay and lesbian people the right to marry or adopt children, and neither do I agree with the condemnation of Russia for blocking the gay pride march.
Three of the main opposition parties, however, have rejected this road map, because it would allow Rajoelina to continue in power until the next elections.
The military coup d'état of March 2009, however, saw the former mayor of the capital city install himself in the presidential palace, which had already been occupied by the army that supported him.
This must not be spoken of, however. We can lecture the entire world on human rights but we are incapable of enforcing them on our own territory.
As Amnesty suggested, however, it is vital to link these with the TDIP report and with the follow-up that the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) has agreed to take up in a new own-initiative report.
We must, however, make it much clearer that the war against terrorism cannot be waged at the expense of human rights and other basic values.
I am asking, however, if this is all we could have done?
The background and context, however, beg awkward questions and arouse concern regarding the partly politically motivated nature of the charges.
The real problem, however, lies in the continued lack of democratic reform in Ukraine.
The European Union must, however, insist that the demands it is making are met, chiefly because it is itself offering a great deal in the Eastern Partnership and Neighbourhood Policy.
This European Council should send a clear signal that if a country's position is unsustainable within the euro zone then, unless it makes dramatic changes, the euro zone should not hesitate to raise the possibility of restructuring its debt or even - however cruel it might seem - of its leaving the club.
A few hours ago, however, Mrs Malmström issued a public statement saying that when the tragedy of the Libyan exodus began everyone undertook to receive at least 800 refugees per country.
The main issue, however, lies elsewhere: unless the political nature of the European project is clarified, we will be incapable of dealing with our problems.
Nobody will be left alive, however, and above all the vital part of European society will not be left alive.
The key objective, however, would be the adoption of the 'six-pack,' the legislative package on economic governance.
Whether the government of Viktor Orbán has enough political capital to do so, however, is still in question.
We should all be aware, however, that a major battle must now be fought over the budget, which is why we are appealing to you, Commissioner, as you know it better than I or anyone else here does.
Let me close, however, by expressing my fury at Germany's attitude. It has forced us to cut food aid to Europe's poorest citizens to one-fifth of the original amount.
There are, however, a few proposals that worry me, and I will make sure I follow their progress closely.
We do need to be careful however: our farmers must not end up working as underpaid landscape gardeners, leaving us dependent on imports of food and agricultural commodities from third countries, products subject to far less stringent requirements than those imposed on our farmers.
We need a broader debate, however, to achieve the objective of environmentally friendly, resource-effective and diverse agriculture.
The CAP does, however, need to be tweaked to make it fairer.
What divides us in Parliament differs from our issues with the Council but, however difficult it may be, we have to stand up to our democratic duty.
People who are not subject to public control by voters, however good their intentions may be, cannot carry out surveillance over the heads of national political bodies or the highest national institutions.
I do not see this in the current package, however, and that is why - quite apart from individual points - it is so difficult for any responsibly-minded person to vote for it.
It has to be the right Europe, however - not the wrong package.
The sort of centralisation which takes the form of Brussels exerting budgetary authority over all the Member States represents improper intervention in the sovereignty of the Member States, however, and would moreover reduce the sound countries of Europe to mere playthings of EU bureaucracy.
It is obvious, however, that to get an agreement is one thing - and it is our duty here - but to see its practical implementation and then to benefit from new rules will be yet another challenge.
Now, however, it is for the Greeks to...
The first step, however, is to vote in favour of this package, which is a good step in the right direction.
I am sorry to say that some people have demonstrated senseless greed, especially in Greece; however, many others have demonstrated culpable greed.
To achieve all that, however, we must show a sense of responsibility at voting time tomorrow; we must necessarily vote responsibly and choose our partners very well.
In order to enforce these new rules effectively, however, it is and it will continue to be advisable for both the national parliaments and the European Parliament to be involved in the whole process more closely and at an earlier point in time.
Solidarity is possible, however, only if responsible governance is the rule for all.
In a case such as that, however, we are also talking about a unified system of health insurance contributions, social insurance and pensions throughout the EU.
I do have one concern, however, and that is underground storage.
One of its prerequisites, however, is to appoint competent authorities who can provide a strict control of nuclear waste management activities and can penalise violations in an appropriate manner, if necessary.
Sufficient funding must be secured for national programmes, however, so that the polluter pays, and that is clearly strengthened in this directive, which I am pleased about, including adequate dissuasive sanctions, which must be ensured in every system.
Last week, however, this group voted for increased penalties for those people who fail to use the official state language in the private sector.
In order to achieve that, however, we should not just talk about funding and various related matters, but, as the European Union, we should certainly invest more in education, science, research and innovation.
It is essential, however, to find solutions that maintain the competitiveness of European industry.
I should however like to highlight the fact that a characteristic feature of greenhouse gases is that they know no borders.
We accepted this challenge, however, and set about fulfilling our obligations.
The most important detail in the budget, however, is the additional EUR 1.3 billion that is required for the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) project.
I would like to begin, however, by emphasising that this does not mean we should forget about rural areas when distributing European funds.
In the real world, however, not much is happening.
With regard to the post-2013 regional policy, I endorse the idea of setting up intermediate regions, thereby enabling regions with a GDP between 75% and 90% of the EU average to receive real support, however, through finding suitable solutions.
Experience has, however, shown us the difficulties, in terms of efficiency and results, that arise from the fragmentation and complexity of this policy.
With respect to this, however, I myself would like to ask the Commission this: does creating a new structure always solve the problem itself, or could we in this case respond to similar challenges by developing the existing 'phasing in, phasing out' system?
They must be eligible for aid that is better targeted and funded, so that each region can remain at the European average, whatever its structural handicap, however far behind it is because of the past, or whatever its exposure to current or future crises.
We are all aware that one very frequent feature of cross-border areas is a higher than average unemployment rate, however, with significant interregional differences, as well as a high level of hidden unemployment caused by the lack of people out of work signing on.
I do, however, regard a specific transition mechanism between Objectives 1 and 2 as an appropriate addition.
It is, however, possible at least to try this way out, and to take a small step in this direction.
We should not, however, look for these at the cost of cities and regions.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, there is no doubt that the European Parliament is a very hard-working body, however we need to pay more attention to a balance in the voting times, so that we do not have a situation where there is nothing to vote on one day and an enormous number of votes the next.
This proposal on consumer protection, however, was specifically about more integration, and is completely relevant.
There were a couple of things I wanted to say about this point too, however I am happy overall that we have passed this directive.
What remains crucial, however, is a revision of the regulations of the EGF to deal with the problem of multinational organisations that trigger redundancies through restructurings and transfers and, consequently, trigger the intervention of the EGF.
On the other hand, however, we ought to applaud this body that allows for the vital breath of life to be brought to situations of grave crisis which would otherwise be at risk of placing industrial sectors and above all the destiny of many workers in serious danger.
Thus, we recall the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have been made redundant as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis; points out the role that the EGF can play in the reintegration of workers made redundant into the labour market; however, calls for an evaluation on the long-term integration of these workers into the labour market as a direct result of the EGF-funded measures;
Our group believes however that those type of agreement are detrimental for the stocks and for the building of a social strcuture in the thirds parties which makes them too dependent of the EU.
It is, however, desirable that the Joint Committee reconvene more frequently in future, and that representatives of the European Parliament be permitted to participate at meetings as observers.
At the same time, however, although EU-Andorra relations have developed, they are fragmented, as significant parts of the acquis applying to the internal market have not been incorporated into Andorran law, and thus cannot be applied.
However, the report rightly highlights the belated completion of strategic and operational programmes, due to the difficult negotiating procedures; however, it also mentions - and this is an important point for Greece - that the EU needs to find ways of dealing with these delays when they arise due to scarce public resources available for cofinancing projects.
The EU ETS must however remain flexible when dealing with the economic crisis by taking financial measures which promote cost-effective GHG reduction in Europe.
The development of our territories, however, cannot be considered complete unless we genuinely take the urban dimension into account at European level.
The Europe 2020 strategy, however, mainly concerns future trends.
The only relevant question at this particular moment is the question about the role of urban dimension in the future architecture of cohesion policy post 2013 - however, the report remains open in this point and does not make a clear recommendation.
I would also like to mention, however, the recent publication of the White Paper on the future of transport up to 2050, which outlines the moves towards achieving a single European transport area.
I find it deplorable, however, that the involvement of local and regional powers in the decision-making process is not being viewed as a priority.
In my opinion, however, we need to introduce an even more extensive coordination mechanism which would contribute towards aligning the instruments, policies and parties concerned.
On the other hand, however, that strategy should not result in indiscriminate interference by the EU central authority in the economies of individual Member States.
The most important thing, however, is to progress towards economic governance with strong preventive and corrective parts, so as to avoid such sanctions.
This experience, however, has revealed shortcomings and weak points in the current system of coordination and in existing surveillance processes.
To achieve these results, however, our efforts need to be fully in line with labour market recovery plans and social protection policies, the cornerstone of a new sustainable growth model.
This should not mean, however, that we overlook the national nature of fiscal regulations, which contain some considerable differences, especially between countries within and outside the euro area.
This is also reinforced, however, by an attempt to legitimise the system of sanctions, with an attempt to include a system of incentives.
Such surveillance must, however, take place without any change to the fundamental objectives of promoting a high level of employment, guaranteeing adequate social protection and stepping up the fight against social exclusion.
This should not be interpreted, however, as meaning that I do not fundamentally support some elements of these amendments.
The problems are all the more urgent, however, given that European societies and economies are facing the consequences of an ageing population, which could put even greater pressure on labour supply and the budgets of public finances.
It must be ensured, however, that too heavy an administrative burden is not placed on SMEs.
The storage of waste in repositories, however, must in any case be performed in accordance with internationally accepted safety standards, requirements and methodology.
I take the view, however, that such a concept can under no circumstances be a substitute, encouraging Member States to avoid their national obligations relating to the management of radioactive waste.
I therefore voted for the amendments against increasing expenditure for ITER. Unfortunately, however, they were not adopted for want of a majority.
It is, however, essential to re-establish the balance between the two, especially in France, where almost 80% of the research budget is still devoted to nuclear energy.
The Commission, however, is inclined to postpone the necessary giant leap in terms of a common financial effort to the Multiannual Financial Framework after 2013.
Such a position, however, will seriously threaten the achievement of the main objectives by 2020.
The real institutional struggle, however, will begin only afterwards, when the Union decides on the new Multiannual Finance Framework.
Mr President, the SAVE II Commission proposal on energy efficiency in the European Union which is to run for five years is a continuation of the SAVE I programme. Unfortunately, however, the Commission has not made use of the results of the evaluation of SAVE I in SAVE II.
So far, however, there has been no more than grandiloquent announcements and reams of paper.
Since then, however, there has been major regression tempered only by the recession which has hit most of our countries.
We can, however, do a lot to improve energy efficiency.
It is, however, all we have at the present and, to that extent, I commend Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz's excellent report to the House.
What this programme does provide, however, is the potential for the funding of actions such as studies to investigate the possibility of legislative measures and to prepare the drafting of such measures.
Energy and environmental problems are not, however, confined to the European Union.
The Commission does also have the power, and intends in the future, to propose a legislative measure aimed at improving energy efficiency in the Union, after, however, as I said at the beginning, exhausting the existing possibilities such as the self-binding agreements for industry.
What the programme does carry provision for, however, is the promotion of training and cooperation seminars on nuclear safety, not on nuclear technology.
I challenge anyone in the Chamber, however, other than those of you sitting at the top table, to read the names on the new television screens.
Various problems arise, however, one of them being the cost of such work.
The Commission cannot, however, support the amendment from Mr Soulier - Amendment No 12 - because it would complicate the interoperability framework which we are establishing, and that contradicts the efforts to achieve simplification.
The Council, however, has made it clear in its unanimously adopted common position that it has different priorities from those of Parliament.
I admit, however, that this issue is completely insignificant and it does not affect my positive attitude to Mr Von Wogau's report.
We have to recognize, however, that the idea of having an industrial policy for the pharmaceutical industry is rather different from the other industries we have dealt with in the past.
What we could do, however, is to harmonize the durations of these periods, which vary between six and 36 months in Europe for generics, with an average of 18 months after the expiry of the patent period.
Those who have invested in the sector, however, quite legitimately wish to see a return on their capital.
What I cannot tolerate, however, is for people to demand an ethics committee and then refuse to accept its findings.
But some sections of the House set very little store by this, which is really most regrettable, because if you want to have such a committee, it is because you expect it to be independent and neutral, but you must then be prepared to accept its decisions, however much you might disagree with them.
In our programme, we have, however, sought to take stock of the dramatic nature of the problem, we have undertaken, without prejudice, all possible measures to treat, rehabilitate and reintegrate, because we are persuaded that, in dealing with drug dependence, it is crucial to understand that, sadly, people take drugs and need to be rescued.
We have no sympathy, however, with the fatalistic approach adopted by Mr De Coene, who would have us believe that the fight against those who supply drugs is a lost cause.
There are parts that I support, such as the importance that is attached to preventive work and the need for proper care and rehabilitation to help drug addicts give up their abuse. There are also parts of the report, however, that are not at all acceptable.
In the report the issue of drugs is treated as a health issue and dependency as an illness. Drugs are, however, primarily a social and political issue.
We should, however, jointly evaluate our special national programmes.
As I said, however, there is no contradiction here, and the committee approved this table unanimously.
In the light of this situation it is, of course, encouraging to note that the sum of ECU 150 million allocated for the implementation of the SAVE II programme constitutes a significant increase in the modest appropriation of only ECU 35 million previously allocated to SAVE I. The rapporteur is, however, right in saying that there is a need to introduce binding measures in the EU countries in connection with the implementation of SAVE II, to ensure that the objective of reducing energy consumption, is achieved.
Already, however, as the IGC, you have made the first historic mistake.
You should know, however, that Parliament does not thank you, but blames you most severely for its exclusion.
Unfortunately, however, your Conference does not seem to have the power to make History.
We do note, however, certain omissions which are a cause for concern, but I would like to begin with the points which we feel are more positive.
Sometimes, however, they have a lot of ground to cover.
The preparatory work for the accession of these countries, however, is not only theirs to do; important decisions also have to be taken by the European Union, decisions over which the states of central and eastern Europe have no influence at all.
The countries of central and eastern Europe, however, are not deterred by this, nor should we in the European Parliament be deterred by the magnitude of the tasks facing us.
The closer we come to this step, however, the more discussion there will be of the details of enlargement.
In this respect, Commissioner, we are going to vote for this report because it says much that is useful, even though it might say too much, and in such cautious terms that one comes to doubt its aims and the will to attain them. I would, however, like to see the report accompanied by a Commission document restating what our final aims are in building Europe, and why the chance of counting among our ranks at least 12 nations that have experienced a tragic period of history is such an amazing challenge.
I do not think it would be wise to take any risks, however small, in this respect.
I would, however, point out that pursuant to the European Council in Madrid the Commission has been instructed to present various reports.
I do agree with her, however, when she says that the debate was not conducted properly and that we are sending a bad signal to the ACP countries.
Given the extent of Alzheimer's disease, however, the amount of financial resources and medical staff devoted to tackling it are totally inadequate.
The Commission's statement postpones consideration of the issue for the future, a future, however, that is very uncertain indeed for the thousands of elderly suffers whose present situation should concern us right now, with the adoption of support measures and the creation of infrastructure for therapeutic care, the organization of nursing centres, and the organization of training programmes for specialized staff who will tend the patients.
We cannot legislate to ensure ethical conduct. What is essential, however, is to establish all the prerequisites that will eliminate whatever conflicts with the personal and social right to health and life: sensitization of the public, insistence on scientific research of the highest quality, the supervision by national and scientific agencies of companies to ensure avoidance of the production of products that undermine public health, and the imposition of all measures necessary to exclude the use of contaminated blood for the production of pharmaceutical preparations or for direct therapeutic purposes.
Mr President, the European Council's dilemma at the Turin summit could be summarized as follows: in order to facilitate the Union's enlargement to the east - which is our main priority - the moves towards federalist integration must be restricted. Such restriction is impossible, however, since the introduction of the single currency will require further transfers of sovereignty.
These two parallel proposals are, however, based on radically different philosophies: the system of qualified majority voting implies constraining the minority; that of the reinforced cooperation clause, on the other hand, implies agreeing not to constrain it.
In reality, however, the preparations for the single currency are bringing to light a number of serious institutional problems which remain to be resolved.
This is a wasted effort, however, since the British Government is already contesting the legality of the ban on its beef exports at the European Court of Justice.
Because it will not call into question the 'leadership' of the United States - which would not prevent friendship with the American people, however - the European Union is subject to this global law.
Despite our vote in favour, however, we would stress our criticism of the report's talk of the unilateral adjustment of the Eastern European states to accommodate the EU rules and regulations and economic system, which would include the expressly mentioned requirement of market-oriented deregulation and privatisation.
It is true that they could save a large amount of energy: however, Mr Lange, if you have worked in this sector, you will know that saving energy requires large-scale investment.
There are risks elsewhere too, as we know, for instance with the more modern VVER reactors that have been mentioned and of which there are a total of 45 different types with varying risk levels; none of them, however, would qualify for an operating licence in our countries.
It also contains something very bad, however: the decision to complete work on the two nuclear power stations at Khmelnisky and Rovno.
Madam President, today, ten years after the Chernobyl disaster, we might have expected a reasonable discussion. I see, however, that once again, simplistic anti-nuclear populism is prevailing in the debate.
At the same time, however, we must recognize, with equal formality and commitment, the right of the Palestinian and Lebanese peoples to live in peace within states whose territorial integrity and sovereignty must be recognized.
Far from contributing to its security, however, Israel's bombing can only fan the flames of fundamentalism and encourage terrorism and its monstrous outrages.
On the other hand, however, we can and must question the scale of Israel's military operations in Galilee and Lebanon, as well as the acts of violence committed against the civilian population, which is being forced to flee in appalling conditions.
In the face of this mess, however, let us hope that the meeting next Friday between Shimon Peres and Yasser Arafat will enable the region to emerge from this nightmare.
I am afraid, however, that those who put arms into the hand of the Israeli Prime Minister's assassin are in the end starting to influence and determine Israel's policy and the dynamics of its position.
I believe it is up to the Member States to provide journalists with the normal consular or diplomatic protection and I support them in that commitment, however I take note of your suggestion and if I may I will get back to you on this as soon as possible.
When these states accede to the Union, however, this obligation will cease to apply.
The most important thing here is however: will the people of the EU, through journalists, have access to the documents, the papers, and so on, on which discussions at the IGC will be based?
I would ask, however, that questions should not extend beyond two minutes, to ensure that the maximum possible number of Members are given the chance of putting a question.
Those were not just formal engagements, however important those may be, and I would remind you that the foreign ministers of those countries had been invited to Turin together with those of the other applicant countries.
We can, however, make estimates for the following measures.
In view of the marketing problems involved, however, the Council has decided to give these measures some support as well.
In the first place, however, it is up to the British Government to put forward proposals of this kind, and as soon as such proposals are available, the Commission will of course assess them.
We needed this warning, however, in order to be made aware of the dangers connected with this disease.
Our experience in Sweden, however, where we have had this system for almost ten years, suggests the opposite.
The document before us, however, forms a satisfactory basis for a uniform admission procedure, in our view.
Unlike plant protection products, however, biocidal substances are a very diverse sector, as Mr Langen has already pointed out.
Over and above that social cost, however, we know that the move forward to the single currency is the only way for the European Union to bring about the adoption of a new international monetary agreement which, for us, has to be the prerequisite for the conversion of the present World Trade Organization into a World Economic and Trade Organization.
What is most important of all, however, is to establish a UN Economic Council along the lines of the UN Security Council, in order to institutionalize monetary cooperation.
In the same way we may say that the liberalization of capital is positive in itself; however, the enlargement of foreign exchange markets has assumed ungovernable proportions.
On one level, however, the Member States were negligent.
To achieve this, however, the European Union must adopt a firm and steadfast attitude towards its partners.
Until such time as a new framework for international monetary and financial coordination has been defined, however, it would seem premature to comment on a financial support mechanism to minimize exchange-rate fluctuations.
It has to be said, however, that adverse effects on employment certainly do not occur in one direction only.
On the other hand, however, we have heard no clear explanation of the measures that must be taken to offset those costs.
Here, however, I represent opinion in the Nordic countries which is critical of EMU, Mr President.
However, the criteria for achieving nominal convergence, however important they may be, are not enough for the achievement of true convergence.
The candidate member states have low levels of development and will absorb large sums, resources which must not, however, be taken away from the weaker Member States because that would undermine all that we keep saying about economic and social convergence.
We have, however, chosen to support what is best for the consumer, and have therefore voted for the report.
The resolution before us today, however, deals with a very specific case, that of Mrs Keltoum El Ouanat.
There is no reason to ignore these elements, however, and to keep harking back to the circumstances of over 20 years ago.
At the same time, however, new problems are arising, new risks, the uncontrolled spread of nuclear weapons or nuclear knowhow, for example, whilst we increasingly have to focus attention on the whole issue of the safety of nuclear power stations.
There is still hope, however, Mr President - hope that the efforts now being made will result in a permanent peace in Bosnia even after the withdrawal of IFOR.
At the same time, however, I must tell you that they will have absolutely no effect on the result of the vote.
At the same time, however, the Commission must remain within its legal bounds.
It would be naive, however, to believe that the EU can replace all drugs with other crops and simply buy solutions to the problem.
In another important aspect of our north-south cooperation, however, we must try to encourage the cultivation of alternative crops to get off the ground.
There is no agreement, however, on how to reduce demand - and without the reduction of demand, the other measures will be largely ineffective.
Consequently, I believe that we must continue our attempts to increase the budget for promoting alternative agricultural development in the countries concerned, with a view to ensuring that the substitution of traditionally grown narcotic plants with alternative crops is genuinely feasible. At the same time, however, I believe that we must address the serious problem of drug addiction from many different angles and without preconceptions.
I also welcome the proposed new measures to improve the ability of European citizens to protect themselves against risks, however, since this should help considerably to restrict or reduce the damage caused by disasters.
The resolution on mutual assistance which was adopted in July 1991 by the Council and representatives of the governments of the Member States means, however, that only the competent authorities may apply for and obtain support within the Union.
We should, however, remember that non-profitmaking organisations play a very important role in civil protection in our Member States.
A programme of measures is, however, not the right place to establish views on what the Intergovernmental Conference should result in and we cannot therefore accept the amendment.
The situation can be improved, however, if Parliament approves without delay the request for the transfer of appropriations to the budget item for civil protection which the Commission intends to submit in the very near future.
This fresh start, however, is once again gravely at risk.
On the other hand, however, we do not take the view that this forced unity, which has now been shattered, should be replaced by conflict, by a sort of 'Balkanization' of this enormous Eurasian region.
I also feel bound to point out that we should not lose sight of the fact that Tacis is, to a large extent, a trompe l'oeil window: however much we improve the window catches, they are merely 'painted on' , and the window will still not open.
It remains to be seen, however, how this can be achieved in practice.
Parliament delivered its opinion on it in time, in November 1995. The Council, however, modified the proposal in respect of a number of crucial points.
In German, however, this expression has unfortunate overtones, although as far as content is concerned it means something similar.
This will only be possible, however, if there is a comprehensive economic stabilization of the country, particularly by reducing the rate of inflation.
In any case, however, Kazakhstan must be willing to make the effort itself.
A high-level European diplomatic presence would represent an essential support for democratic developments in progress in Nepal and would mark the definitive European commitment to follow more closely the situation of a little country whose history and culture are however very important, which is asking for assistance in its evolution towards democracy.
I should, however, like to mention the following possibilities for cooperation:
Practical measures are lacking, however, and platitudes remain ineffectual.
If that is to happen, however, the measures must not only exist on paper in the form of a programme but must actually be implemented, and a start must be made to the selective slaughtering.
We are equally dependent, however, on the solidarity of the other Member States if we are to understand the difficulties that undeniably exist in the United Kingdom and to make a real concerted effort to resolve this issue.
If a simple majority of the Council rejects the proposal, however, that decision is final.
It must be appreciated, however, that a reduction is all we can hope for; immediate eradication is not possible for the simple reason that we have no means of finding out which of Britain's eleven million cattle might be carrying an infection.
That in itself, however, does not automatically constitute proof that the disease was contracted in one of these ways.
That does not mean, however, that this is a specifically British problem; there are also defects in the way rules are implemented in other Member States.
After this brief and somewhat gloomy perspective I should like however to say that the dialogue which has been begun by President Nyerere with the main political forces - their first meeting took place on 22 April 1996 and will be followed up by a second meeting on 22 May - will be aimed at bringing round a table not only the existing political parties but also those extremists who are, at this moment in time, actually trying to stir up war and who are the supporters of both Mr Nyangoma and the former President of Burundi.
It also happened quite frequently, however - and this is clearly acceptable when a Briton and a North German work together - that we simply agreed to differ on certain questions while recognizing their relevance.
But nearly half our population consists of children, young people, pensioners, the unemployed or the sick and, however we approach the problem, these 50 % will need to be cared for by the 50 % who are gainfully employed, in other words the real rate of taxation - the burden of care - will effectively work out at around 50 %, whether we collect taxes or not.
With regard to some four other matters, however, the Committee on Transport maintains its original viewpoint.
As Greens we think it appropriate to tell you however what Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz would have said, namely that this measure as presented by the Council, although it has improved the text as compared with the Commission proposal, and is a step forward in progress towards something new, it certainly cannot be said to be as we should have wished.
What will cause us problems, however, if Amendment No 2 leads to conciliation procedure, is the lengthy consultation period that will intervene, even though the substance of Amendment No 2 is really not a matter of life and death.
I must, however, say, unfortunately, that the Commission cannot accept Parliament's proposal to arrange for the committee to work according to type IIB procedure rather than type IIIA.
The Commission, however, had reasserted to the ACP countries that the necessary resources would be committed to face up to the problems.
On the other hand, however, it means that there should be no attempt in any way to prevent the use of condoms because of blinkered ideological beliefs.
The budget line itself, however, which was created at the height of the Rio debate, has been cut from 50 million to 15 million in the 1996 budget.
In one area, however, I must ask that we reexamine this business very carefully, and that is the area highlighted by Mrs Fraga Estévez.
My request, however, is that we approve this report, so that the scheme of preferences can finally be implemented in its entirety in this agricultural domain too.
Mr Pinheiro, we should be better employed discussing other, more pleasant subjects over a glass of vinho verde than engaging in this present discussion, in which we as a Parliament are actually superfluous, however important the topic may be.
The margin for play must, however, lie with the Member States, we cannot prescribe what to do from Europe.
Amendment No 71 to Article 13 is intended to ensure that in areas where competition already exists within the universal service, it is not cancelled out again by a uniform tariff, however rational that may be in other areas.
I regret however, that at no time did he give any consideration to the consumer or the user of the service.
Let me, however, deal right at the outset with some remarks that still echo these misunderstandings.
I would, however, like to clarify some views.
What is important about this report, however, is that we have managed to carry through some points which in my view are of quite considerable importance.
At this point, however, I should like to raise a question of principle.
We must not however forget, in spite of our difficulties, that we are still the wealthiest part of the world.
When we talk here today about rehabilitation and reconstruction projects we are indeed talking of little more than ancillary measures, but they too are important, however bitter that may sound.
There are, however, many who oppose it simply because they are basically racists but who do not have the courage to admit that openly.
We owe it to ourselves however also to take account of the fact that the persistence of conditions that are not at all satisfactory runs parallel to the existence of a risk of serious emergency.
Allow me, however, to address the President-in-Office of the Council and to put to him the urgent plea that the Council apply the same yardsticks, the same criteria.
We think, however, that it will be desirable to make a more specific approach with the inclusion of a comprehensive statistical background which in our opinion is inadequate.
We do, however, ask the Commission for its continued support in this matter.
I am afraid, however, that there is a risk that sight will again be lost of the priorities since the report is so extensive and so complete.
One major challenge still faces us, however, and that is to find an appropriate way of combining increased traffic with a better environment.
The basis of the proposal for the credit-card model, however, was the potential controlled use of future information technology.
The utmost care must be taken, however, with medical data in particular, in other words details of blood group, allergies and suchlike and indication of willingness to donate organs, to ensure that there is also a separate written statement of consent by the licence-holder.
It does seem to me, however, that the most important of the amendments is the fourth, the aim of which is to outlaw the imposition of annual taxes on driving licences.
The common position introduced only minor amendments, mainly editorial in nature, stressing however the fact that the owner of a vessel used for transport between Member States and in transit between those States must be under the flag of a Member State and have its home port in one of those States.
Mrs Plooij-Van Gorsel does however make various critical remarks regarding the content of the evaluation report and the way in which that evaluation was undertaken, and those remarks are reflected in the motion for a resolution.
The devil, however, is so much in the detail here as in the implementation.
The proposed budget of ECU 450 million for the entire second stage of LIFE is, however, totally insufficient, especially if the intention is to broaden the scope of the instrument.
There are still problems, however, with regard to individual aspects, such as coordination problems relating to certain bodies involved in the programme and problems with the settlement of compensation claims.
It is also necessary, however, that companies which intend to produce gelatine or tallow obtain a licence.
If colleagues in this House start quoting the poisonous drivel from The Sun and attributing it, however indirectly as Mr Macartney was doing, to the actions of a party they oppose, that is dangerous.
That does not mean, however, that we can then return to business as usual, but rather that we shall then have to sit down without delay to revise the existing rules for the sake of the future of cattle-farming in general.
What we do not know, however, is how this agreement will affect employment in Europe and in the Third World.
It is no less true, however, that negotiations between the social partners have hitherto been fruitless and that a satisfactory solution to the problems of the working conditions of the professional drivers seems likely to be postponed indefinitely.
One decisive condition for stepping up cooperation with the last-mentioned group of countries is however that cooperation should take place on the basis of the principle of reciprocity and with due consideration for the need to protect partners' intellectual and industrial property rights.
The discussion has in some cases been unusually heated, however, due to the fact that the thrust of the research topics was altered in an over-hasty way.
In view of the importance of the subject, however, I should like to make a few remarks on a number of points.
There is no need, however, to add a new article, because Annex III of the Decision adopting the fourth framework programme already envisages the possibility of scientific awards; the relevant passage there need only be amended accordingly.
It does, however, note with interest the priority attached to intermodality by a number of speakers, especially Mr Ferber, Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl and Mr Desama in their compromise amendments.
At this stage in the proceedings, however, the Commission prefers not to incorporate the amendments in question.
That could perhaps be an ideal subject for the Fifth Framework Programme; turning to the directive at issue, however, that document identifies energy-saving with energy-efficiency and applies the sole criterion of energy efficiency to a great variety of European refrigerators.
The European Union enters into a great many policy commitments; however, as we had occasion to point out to the Committee on Energy recently, the final stage of decision-making for directives and specific proposals is often plagued by delays.
Enough of that, however; let us now turn to the report.
I would say to Mr Lannoye that as far as I am aware, this is not our proposal, although it has entered into some of the negotiations; however, it would not be particularly wise of me to say more without studying this in further detail, so as to be sure of giving you a correct and more complete answer.
Thirdly, however, Mr President, we in the European Parliament have objections to the procedure proposed by the Council.
Above all, however, the distorting effects on the internal market caused by the uncertainty and insecurity in the markets resulting from these fluctuations should be underlined.
It should be borne in mind, however, that under the Treaty, exchange-rate policy is a matter of common interest.
I would, however, like to discuss with him in more detail what he means by encouraging employers to take on workers.
The Council, however, appreciates that national measures can be reinforced via the guidelines at Community level.
Membership of the new system of exchange rate parities would continue, in the Council's view, to be optional; however, provision can be made for those Member States given an exemption to join the mechanism.
In connection with Chapter 1, however, on the growth of the economy, I have a number of observations that I think deserve discussion at greater length at some juncture.
During the coming six months, however, it will be necessary to define the parameters of the framework as a whole, as we look to the third phase and the responsibilities attaching to the European system of central banks.
It is clear however that by the end of the millennium we will not have a situation where all EU countries will be participating in a common currency.
At the moment however the European or Nordic society is threatened, because we are aiming to implement these EMU criteria far too quickly, perhaps even arrogantly.
The motion for a resolution rightly states, however, that monetary stability cannot be created by EMU or an exchange-rate mechanism, but depends on the Member States pursuing a credible economic and budgetary policy.
Our group has some reservations, however, concerning paragraph 4.
Our group has serious doubts, however, as regards the proposal to introduce a tax on currency speculation.
To my mind, however, it is not enough to carry on as before.
Unemployment does however not a constitute a barrier to joining the EMU, since EMU not only improves competition but also increases demand, which helps maintain employment.
To conclude, Mr President: we need common aims and a common macro-economic policy designed to resolve those economic and monetary problems currently besetting certain Member States which could, however, affect others in the future.
That does not, however, mean that the Socialist Group agrees with all that is set down in the 1995 report or, indeed, the rapporteur's gloss on it.
Much remains to be done, however, as part of a structural revision, responsibility for almost all of which lies with the individual countries.
We could learn something from other countries' experiences, however, more quickly than getting bogged down in meaningless political formulations about vague ideas of an employment union which has shown itself to have no effect whatsoever, at least not in the way it has been put into practice in my country.
There are many areas and objectives that I approve of, however, and I support the amendments, for example the reduction of the appropriation for nuclear safety by ECU 10 million.
The tax should, however, not be seen as a stage in the process leading to the introduction of the common currency; rather it should be introduced simply in order to reduce speculation.
This is not only true with regard to the EU's Member States, however, but also with regard to those countries outside the Union, of which there are far more.
At the same time, however, Mrs Péry considers it essential to modernize the fleet with vessels using more selective fishing gear, and also wishes to dismantle tariff and customs protection.
It is true that the Canadians have expressed their willingness to open up their ports to the Community fleet - although only in certain cases - and are giving to understand that this is a generous concession on their part. The fact that this is a unilateral decision, however, leads us to fear that it can be revoked at any time.
With regard to Mrs Péry's report on the crisis in the fishing industry, the rapporteur deserves to be congratulated on her efforts to unite positions. On the specific question of markets, however, I should like to call on the Commission to present, in its new draft regulation, a genuine reform which is geared to the challenges of the common fisheries policy.
In connection with this report the rapporteur has, however, tabled two amendments on cod fishing in the Baltic. These amendments propose replacing the existing quota system with rules on fishing boat engine power.
Current policy, however, places limits on the degree to which this resource can be exploited.
For instance, you, Mrs Péry, tackle a range of issues on which I am in agreement; however, when we come to the problem of the market, a problem to which many of you have referred, I have clearly to remind the House that the professional organizations do not fit in with a free market situation - as you, Mrs Péry, are perfectly well aware - and that, consequently, since these bodies represent a departure from the basic rules, membership of professional organizations cannot be made compulsory; far less, it seems to me, can withdrawal costs be made compulsory for those who do not belong to the professional organizations.
A third factor, however, on which I do not particularly agree, is that of the voting system in NAFO.
The Commission undertakes to do that: however, Mr Kofoed is aware that the House can express an opinion only on a formal proposal for a Council regulation that has been put forward, obviously, by the Council itself.
In the meantime, however, the experience of, and the lessons learned to date from, HELIOS II are being actively considered by the Commission in the context of a review of its overall strategy in this field.
With regard to Spain, however, I would make the point that, as in other less-favoured regions of the European Union, tobacco growing represents practically the only source of income for many small farmers there.
It goes without saying, however, that the Commission is well aware of the problems and has begun to consider how they can best be minimized.
The Commission has however chosen to give a special sectoral directive and to maintain the principle on a restrictive aptitude test.
In recent years, however, there has been a growing need within the European Union for these professions - to which I myself belong - to look beyond national borders.
I agree with the rapporteur, however, on the need to harmonize the procedures for the award of licences, but I do not think that the role of the Commission can extend beyond that segment.
Through Amendment No 11, however, I am suggesting that we increase research into, the promotion and regulation of multimedia satellite services, the other category in fact.
Where there is only one operator, however, there is no market, but rather a monopoly.
We do not agree with the rapporteur, however, that the implementing provisions themselves should be included in the regulation.
The working party is still seeking to establish standards, and however illusory these may be, they have not yet been ruled out.
I am surprised, however, by those who are defending this kind of argument.
This means, however, that there is also a need to renegotiate a number of matters.
Like you, however, I am aware that all of this taken together is not enough.
When that is spent, however, we shall have exhausted all the scope available to us, according to the current estimates of our budget margin for this year.
Before doing so, however, I would first like to congratulate the Italian presidency on the work accomplished during the last six months, of which Florence will be the crowning achievement.
To stop such a slide, however, we must adopt strict standards and a genuine Community preference.
The principles of the EU and the health of its people, however, are not negotiable.
What we wished to say, however, was 'the government of the United Kingdom' . I should therefore like to table an oral amendment to the effect that the term 'United Kingdom' should be replaced by the term 'government of the United Kingdom' in recital A and paragraph 3.
The English version, however, uses the word 'compel' .
At the same time, however, this European Council will take place under the shadow of the struggle being waged by German workers and their comrades in other countries against the high-handed, anti-democratic and antipopular policy being imposed by the Brussels masters in the framework of the Maastricht Treaty.
The minority, however, on the basis of the same ecological and social objectives, came to a different conclusion.
We are forced to say, however, that nothing of the sort has happened!
There is a desperate need, however, for small sums of money to be rapidly disbursed.
The point should also be made, however, that some people have done very good business in this war, because we are not so naive as to be unaware that wars always provide opportunities for shady commercial dealings at the expense of the victims.
Thanks to the presence of the international troops, however, the most important objective has been achieved. The war has ended.
But the European Union does have enough weight to induce these authorities to respect, however minimally, the freedom of the citizens living in the zones they control.
Parliament on the other hand has worked within the schedule given, and drawn up a report of its own, the content of which is very good. The Council has however ignored the proposals in the report.
A speedy acceptance of the TACIS programme is however essential, which should also be the aim of Parliament's efforts.
Perhaps you accept only six of these proposals, but then at least allow us to talk about these six, or five, or ten, or however many you like.
I want to say something else, however, and to ask about the following. As you know, the European Parliament believes, and has stated in a resolution, that the European Union should undertake a comprehensive initiative to find a solution to the Cyprus problem; an initiative in the form of a joint action, as opposed to a mission by a representative of the presidency simply to monitor the Cyprus situation.
I would, however, like to ask the President-in-Office whether Mr Di Roberto's mission brought any actual gain which can further the work of the new, Irish presidency, mediator.
This regulation, however, only provides for a consultation of the European Parliament.
It is true, however, that the Council has denied us, by various blockages, the legal basis since last November, when the Barcelona Conference took place.
These amendments do not however change the situation so much that it would be dangerous if they were accepted.
Decrease in exposure however also decreases the risks.
The inquiries following the first opinion from an institutional body are carried out in private, however, so as to ensure full cooperation and to promote a friendly solution in the case.
I only know of the case of a prominent left-winger who is, however, in prison for financial offences - that is to say, a legal matter that I will not become involved in.
We have heard, however, that arms are continuing to be supplied from the UK, from Sweden and from the Federal Republic.
Guns, however, are not spare parts, nor do they constitute follow-up deliveries.
I do not, however, believe that it will be possible to resolve the problem on the basis of controls or policing activities in regard to banks, for example.
Over and above that, however, the name of the vendor may also be indicated, on a voluntary basis.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendment No 2 on indicating only two vine varieties on wine labels because the indication of more than two vine varieties is now common practice and improves consumer information.
It could, however, consider extending the deadline so that some Member States can make the necessary adjustments.
The ECU 10 million proposed by the Commission is, however, comparable to the amounts available for advertising measures in other important agricultural production sectors, such as the dairy sector.
It is, however, true that increased imports from third countries are putting pressure on our own producers' incomes.
This indisputable economic success, on which Slovakia must certainly be congratulated, is, however, only one reason why we should now repeal our decision.
The greatest problem, however, is the political problem.
For with the association agreement on the one hand and the disappearance of the financial aid and the conditions tied to it on the other, however much understanding we have for its difficult position, it will become easier for the Slovak Government to revert to a planned economy.
Be that as it may, however, a symbolic withdrawal, a temporary eclipse, is not sufficient to satisfy the provisions of the Dayton Peace Agreement .
In my opinion, because instead of everyone concentrating their efforts - political and financial - on attacking this terrible scourge of lack of work, discussion always and exclusively revolves around how each country can get into a position, however high the social cost, to satisfy the parameters, timetable and compatibility of Maastricht.
Europe does, however, hold some strong cards, and it can restore confidence in those who have lost it.
All in all however the summit produced fairly meagre results.
I regret, however, that the presidency's Summit Council rejected President Santer's proposal to increase structural fund appropriations for the trans-European networks.
I would however like to have more details of the overall timescale and how co-operation between the various directorates is organized.
What has emerged has to be treated with a great deal of caution and the Environment Committee is very anxious that we do not go down the deregulation road but that we keep our high standards in Europe, maintaining, however, clarity and simplification where necessary.
The attempt to simplify the standards is, however, often misused in political debates as a means of putting at risk achievements such as the protection of workers consumers and the environment.
It has not, however, favoured us with any proof that this assertion is correct.
My positive conviction however is that quite a different approach should have been chosen by both the Molitor Group and Parliament.
Besides this, however, reliability of supply is one of the most basic issues that concern the European Union, and one which entails Community action as a priority.
I will however take the liberty of saying, Mrs Fouque, that I am aware of a certain inconsistency between that statement and the continuation of your report.
Some Member States, however, have not taken up the allocation.
Their problem was intensified, however, by the fact that their supplier in the chain of added-value business was a business in Sweden where payment times are short due to the far-sighted payment practices endemic to Scandinavia.
These three sectors have the greatest resources and the greatest direct contact with the consumer, which is the real objective of the daily work of millions of entrepreneurs, however small or large, facing a market we are duty-bound to expand and improve.
It should be stressed, however, that SMEs and in particular the smaller among them face very acute problems due to the intensified competition brought about by the internal market, the internationalization of production, and the coordinated action of major international capital.
Today, however, let me comment on the reports one by one, in sequence:
We will have to move ahead, however, and we must do so as carefully as possible.
This however does not prevent individual countries from proceeding on their own and introducing more stringent regulations.
The report however only deals with the symptoms of the problem, since regulations at EU level are already a reality.
For procedural reasons, however, he was unable to secure a majority for this position in the Commission.
There is, however, every reason to adopt a cautious approach.
Since the Commissioner is honouring us with his presence, however, I cannot resist taking this opportunity to express my regret at the fact that the Council has not yet established its common position on the reform of the common organization of the wine-growing market, which Parliament dealt with at first reading fourteen months ago.
I am afraid that the airports, however, are worried about a much tougher stance by the Commission if this is rejected.
The only reason that the proposals are now before us, however, is that as long ago as 1993, the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs of the European Parliament took the initiative and gave the Commission a practical incentive to submit proposals by bringing proceedings for failure to act.
The Schengen agreement, however, is certainly not a Community initiative, a European initiative; it is the initiative of individual Member States.
There is a link, however, and it is more political than legal in nature, since our citizens do have concerns about security.
Rather than over-reacting and indulging in conspiracy theories, however, I immediately sought an explanation, since what this note suggests is directly at odds with what I have observed since I have been at the head of the Commission.
In this context too, however, we must not be carried away by emotion.
Any kind of information - however improbable - will be examined.
Of course, you will say that the Commissioners responsible are no longer the same. I would point out, however, that Commissioners are responsible for the actions of the Commission as a whole, and that if there was a breakdown in the operation of the Commission, then the College of Commissioners currently in office is responsible.
With the benefit of hindsight, however, I believe that it is clear that the Commission's approach should not be imitated in the management of this issue.
I would, however, make one point: at the February part-session, Parliament referred this proposal back to the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
If these changes had taken the form of amendments, I would have suggested that the Commission should accept them; however, since no such amendments have been tabled, the best and quickest way of reconciling the views of Parliament and the Commission - in other words, making those changes on which there is a broad consensus - is as follows, and this, Mr President, is what I intend to do: in the light of today's vote, I will suggest that the Commission should adopt an amended proposal, and I shall do so on the basis of the constructive dialogue already under way - and which I shall gladly continue - with the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
Let us not throw the water out. We are aware, however, that the construction of the networks is only just beginning, and that year by year, in the course of the budgetary procedure, Parliament must resolutely seek to translate its ideas into action.
I think that Parliament wished to flex its muscles, in the belief that the decisions regarding some of the fourteen priority projects, including the one at Malpensa, were within its gift; by acting in this way, however, it further heightened the concerns of the Council, which immediately ran for cover as soon as it saw these rather overambitious aims on the part of the Committee on Transport and Parliament.
Such work is essential, however, in order to be able to make statements as regards the amount of financing required.
Private investors are vital, however, since the Brenner Tunnel cannot be financed by public money alone.
First, however, I too - like Mr Simpson - wish to express my appreciation of the conduct of the Italian presidency. I do not in any way mean this ironically, since - however strongly we in this House might criticize the Council - we cannot ignore the role of the President-in-Office, without whom we should probably not have reached a conclusion; my thanks also go to Commissioner Kinnock for having acted as a shrewd mediator and played a perhaps even more important role throughout this phase.
Be that as it may, however, to return to the transport networks, we shall be vigilant as regards what we have been promised and will use our budgetary powers, should this become necessary.
Despite these shortcomings, however, we must pay tribute to what is, in many respects, the historic impact that this joint text will have on many countries and regions.
Mr President, Commissioner, we must not allow ourselves to be annoyed by the discreditable events at the Florence summit, however difficult this may be for many of us, especially our excellent rapporteur.
I agree with you, however, that it is a disgrace that the European Union has not included the extension of the West-East high-speed train via Karlsruhe to Munich and Vienna, with a continuation to Budapest.
It is no surprise, however, that it has been incorporated in the text in this way, since the Council was not prepared to negotiate seriously with Parliament about the list of priority projects and to take a joint decision.
Let me end with a warning, however: the Community's infrastructure policy, Commissioner, its trans-European networks policy, is not contributing to the strengthening of economic and social cohesion which is required by the Treaty.
Some aspects of this issue have to be emphasized, however: first of all the financing of the trans-European networks must be carried out outside the structural funds and the Cohesion Fund which had already been allocated for other purposes.
This, however, provides an additional reason for establishing a common reference framework.
It is to be regretted, however, that Mr Pelttari's own group wishes to remove some of this clarity, and has tabled a number of amendments which would water down the report.
It imposes theoretical limits on the production of embryos for reimplantation, when in fact it is still not possible to avoid over-production of embryos. Above all, however, it imposes a virtual ban on the conservation of embryos by deep freezing, except where there are medical grounds for doing so.
I am not persuaded, however, that there is any legal obligation on the part of the Council of Ministers that has not been met.
Within the WTO, however, what we are talking about is the discussion of a link between trade and the observance of fundamental labour standards.
It is however notable that there is not necessarily any direct correlation between the age limit and equality between the sexes.
I would underline the fact, however - and this is the point the honourable Member is making - that the Community support framework is, in any case, at present totally oversubscribed.
This however brings its own complications, as our objective areas do not coincide with administrative borders.
We should all be aware, however, that in view of the large amounts of money involved in the implementation of structural policy, there is a fine line to tread between simplification, transparency and flexibility on the one hand, and optimum financial management, efficient control and effective evaluation on the other.
In this respect, however, there are problems within Sweden which we cannot resolve, but which can only be sorted out by the Swedish Government, in partnership with the local players.
That is possible in theory. In practice, however, I doubt that the majority of Member States would allow structural policies to be agreed between the Commission and the regional or local authorities alone.
Leaving aside the discussion in the Committee on Regional Policy, however, I would simply say that the Commission's proposals for the future of the Structural Funds can certainly not be expected before the end of 1997 or early 1998.
Mr President, I readily admit that I enjoy listening to the charming Commissioner, as well as seeing her here. When I tabled this question, however, I was unaware that she would be speaking on this subject in the Committee on Regional Policy.
If I see things correctly, however, there are many very enterprising women in Andalusia - not least at the political level - and I have come to the conclusion that it cannot, in general, be said that the women of the southern Member States are less active in certain fields than those of the northern Member States.
This should not mean, however, that a woman has to go through the whole medical procedure every time she wants to attempt an in vitro fertilization, which is why it must be possible for as many embryos to be created as are necessary to complete the woman's treatment.
At present, however, the Community does not have the competence to accede to the Convention on Human Rights.
The delay caused by this essential move will not interfere with the timetable, however, since the draft convention still has to be approved by the Council of Europe's parliamentary assembly.
As it stands, however, the Ford report does not provide very much more than a framework.
Our group, however, is ready to do so.
In my view, however, these new rules cannot be regarded as adequate, but merely as a first step towards a more comprehensive and coherent set of provisions in this area.
Unfortunately, we must take account of this and try to remedy the situation in future; to that end, however, those measures capable of obtaining the necessary qualified majority of Members must be approved now.
On these issues, I am in agreement with the rapporteur, who defends the code on aid and the policy instruments, but who is opposed to state aid for individual businesses. He does, however, make an exception for regional aid in special circumstances.
I am sure that he will forgive me, however, for raising three objections to his excellent report.
The ECSC Treaty is expiring, with all its advantages and disadvantages. We fail to understand, however, why one industrial sector will be penalized in relation to the others.
As regards the telematic networks, however, let me stress the need for rapid and flexible decision-making procedures; it is precisely because of this need that I find Amendments Nos 8, 9, 10 and 11 inappropriate, even though the underlying principle is fair.
This does not mean, however, that the dangers associated with these sectors have not been recognized: on the contrary, they call for especially detailed regulations and test procedures, and were only excluded from this report because of their special requirements.
Amid all the complexities, however, we must realise that we are a Union of fifteen Member States each contributing in its own way to the overall progress of the common enterprise.
Without these attributes the European Union - with however many Member States - will have little future.
This has inevitably caused deep anger within the nationalist community which must, however, be channelled constructively and with dignity.
Responses to all these reasonable and important demands, however, can only develop under peaceful conditions, which is why the foremost priority is an all-out effort to promote the peace process.
I wish to thank the President-in-Office for outlining the priorities of the Irish presidency. The important tasks of this presidency have, however, been overshadowed by the crisis in the peace process in the north of Ireland.
At the same time, however, because of the structure of the Treaties and the current interinstitutional structure, the power to legislate on these matters has not passed to the European Parliament.
By its very existence, however, the Act has already done great damage to the more than 150 firms which feature in what the Americans so graphically call Cuba's 'Hall of Shame' .
The preparations for the approximation of Member States' legislation have, however, been long and complicated (the first reading in the European Parliament took place as long ago as April 1994), and this has greatly restricted my ability to exert any influence over the report at second reading in the European Parliament.
In the interests of public health and of beef as a safe product these investigations must not, however, be an excuse for delaying tactics in the handling of the BSE affair, behind which the Commission can take refuge.
In that respect I should like to point out that the Council's enthusiasm for developing the CFSP should also, however, lead it to support not only the considerations given to it in the Intergovernmental Conference but also developing and applying the Treaty; I think we must therefore call seriously upon the Council to support fulfilment of Article 7.
At the same time, however, we come up against the differences arising from different countries' different historical experiences.
Even this report, however, sometimes slips into discussing the grandiose and the theoretical.
There is a political problem, however, reflected by problems with wording and with voting on two amendments.
The guidelines recognize also, however, that in order to tackle unemployment effectively, and particularly the hard core of structural unemployment, sound macroeconomic policies must be supplemented by structural policies aimed at increasing the efficiency and employment-creating features of both the product and labour markets.
Having said all that, however, I congratulate the President-in-Office, thank him once again for his courtesy in responding so promptly to our request in June and wish him a successful six months.
It is, however, clearly not possible to admit this in the face of market forces.
Furthermore, we are also struck by a growing contradiction between the march towards monetary union - however desirable it may be - and absolute inertia regarding the definition of other instruments of economic policy which would be necessary supplements to the monetary instrument in order to enable the Union to steer its economy efficiently.
On the other hand, however, there is no competent body and no money to pursue a European employment policy.
' On the issue of a Member State repeatedly and deliberately violating human rights, or ceasing to be democratic, most representatives agreed that it should be possible to sanction such a State... without, however, going so far as to expel a Member State as this would undermine the irreversibility of membership.'
I emphasize, however, that it is not a question of diverting existing resources.
In my opinion, however, European citizenship can exist only within a common legal area, as this resolution shows.
In this false framework, however, such proposed technical improvements, which in practice are sensible, would not produce any better result in substance.
I personally, and the whole of my group, were opposed to that ratification for four reasons: the non-recognition of the Armenian genocide by the Turkish government at the time, the Cyprus situation, the human rights situation and, fourthly, the fact that Turkey, however hard it might try, could not become part of the European Union, whereas customs union was apparently perceived by many of its sponsors as a first step towards accession as such.
One thing, however, is clear: what is being done is to make possible all those things that we were told, before the election, were going to be prevented.
Mr President, in his report Mr Kittelmann proposes two amendments which the Commission cannot, however, approve. The reasons are these: regarding the first amendment, we must remember that the Joint Committee on the customs union is purely technical and commercial in nature.
What strikes me, however, when I read the Elles-Miranda report, is the listing of the resources not used in 1995, according to the various budget categories.
In the case of a general reduction, however, such as the one being considered by the Council, this is no longer possible.
Thank you very much, Mr Pasty; however, in responding to you and other Members, I should like to take up the point made by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.
The earlier draft for the Regulation itself was to a large extent satisfactory. A number of changes have been made, however, in order to bring the Regulation more closely into line with actual needs and, more especially, in order take proper account of the situation that has arisen since the free elections in South Africa and under the new government since April 1994.
A key point, however, which had been demanded by Parliament but does not appear in the common position, is that more powers should be given to the Head of Delegation in South Africa.
Having myself visited South Africa several weeks ago in order to launch a policy of partnership between French and South African towns, I became aware, however, that the situation was in some respects disturbing and that the future was threatening.
This does not go beyond vague assurances, however, since the draft convention says absolutely nothing about the form these safeguards would take.
It is even more worrying, however, when the Budget Office then notes that, even with this enormous cost burden of over $124 billion, effective military protection cannot be provided at all for the Baltic States, Romania and the Ukraine and only limited protection for the other Eastern Europe states.
Nevertheless, 50 000 boat people have returned voluntarily under a UN programme. In Hong Kong, however, about 2 000 people were also forcibly deported.
This aggressive action did, however, lead to a build-up of arms in the region, according to reliable sources.
The Commission is of the opinion however that these points are already sufficiently taken into account in the Regulation proper and in the many statements by the Union.
Although this number is modest, I wish to point out that we have examined 1169 petitions over the last year, of which just over 600 were declared admissible; however, if you bear in mind that many of these petitions are signed by large numbers of citizens - in the case of collective petitions - we see that more than 700, 000 citizens expressed their confidence in the European Parliament to voice their complaints and to ask it to act as go-between.
I should point out, however, that in this area the European Commission has a discretionary power as regards infringements and that it does its best to act consistently in the exercise of its discretionary powers.
At the same time, however, we are unfortunately witnessing a decline in national efforts to promote scientific activity.
It seems to me, Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, that the Commissioner has already expressed his opinion; however, I invite him to speak again.
I should like to explain, however, why our group did not refer the amendment back to committee after the Commission did not accept it.
That taught me and everybody else who was working on it that our relations with the United States are wide and comprehensive and however great our resentment may be about Helms-Burton and however strong our determination must be to take all steps to protect European interests, it is important also to look at the relationship as a whole.
This, however, is the worst possible means of seeking to achieve that.
My fear is that anything we may do to increase penalties and improve the organization of police work, however justified such steps may be, will ultimately prove ineffectual unless we see this kind of change in the system of values.
I believe, however, that the Marcinelle episode, which gives us a sinister glimpse of child pornography, also requires us to be consistent and consider pornography in general.
Tomorrow, however, all these promises will have to be given specific form.
Having heard you speak, however, I believe that you are to some extent the incarnation of the principle whereby the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Broadcasting, like other public services, is however a hybrid; the market has a role but the market can also be, and is, flawed.
In our discussions, however, we have gone further - rightly - than analyzing 1994.
We need objective criteria, comprehensible criteria, however difficult this may be.
Under the Commission's proposal the Council, however, will have to decide not later than 1998 whether the spread of value added tax rates should be further reduced.
In the PPE group, however, we will be voting against some of the amendments that have been tabled.
When the Commission made its proposal, however, it was well aware of some practical difficulties that such a provision would generate for Member States.
It is currently, however, under discussion in the third pillar with the aim of drafting a convention relating to judicial cooperation.
Safety of life at sea, however, should be our priority.
The Commission's proposal does, however, contain some features which need improvement, and the Committee on Agriculture has approved various amendments which I should like to put forward.
Secondly, however, the House will know that the drafting of 'whereas' clauses must only take account of legal needs.
Seventeen service areas, in which local authorities have been involved up to now, must not, however, lead to a situation in which women are dismissed from occupations requiring a high level of qualification, and forced to work in badly paid sectors.
The rapporteurs note, however, that there are legal and tax obstacles as well as obstacles relating to educational background; most workers come from industrial restructuring in Europe.
This will only be successful, however, if the nation states are made to see that performance does pay off, and if they do not interpret development policy as meaning the redistribution of capital, but rather understand that success and competitiveness can be improved if they reinforce regional strengths and encourage local creativity.
I would like, however, to give some details on a few points concerning the future generated, as it were, by the past.
I would point out, however, that Question Time to the Council has been removed from the agenda for Wednesday.
The group chairmen were agreed, however, that in the special circumstances which we have this week, Question Time could not be held for reasons of time.
Under the Geneva Convention, however, the European Union has a duty to protect those who are being persecuted which cannot be abandoned.
Last year, however, we were not even able to approve and agree on the 1993 report on human rights.
We cannot, however, classify everything neatly under the heading 'human rights' .
Mr President, there are sound reasons for arguing that human rights are indivisible; in principle, however, the traditional fundamental rights should be distinguished from socio-economic objectives, and this is where the report by Mrs De Esteban Martín falls down.
We are still convinced, however, that inland waterway transport will continue to require close attention after 1 January 2000, so we have written to the Commissioner to ask him to take the necessary steps on both of these issues.
Such a broad approach, however, does not leave much room for the latter.
In the area of satellite and cable broadcasting, however, the principle which applies must be that of the unity of the act, whereby the law of the country of origin of the broadcast is taken to be the only applicable law, despite the problems which may arise from the point of view of relocation.
What the committee and I do not believe, however - in contrast to many public statements by Mr Bangemann and others - is that the information society and broad involvement in it are best achieved by unlimited commercialization and the dismantling of special regimes for radio and television, for example.
I shall conclude by saying that we can see that there are, however, more questions than answers but Europe must know that it cannot lose the multi-media battle, it knows that it is lagging behind and it knows that copyright lies at the very heart of the matter.
Unless we emphasize the social and regional aspects, however, the positive advantages of the information society may be lost to us all.
To take an example: ' ... recognizing, however, that the process of liberalizing the telecommunications infrastructure involves a great risk of job losses in this sector' .
I am not convinced, however, that this support should be open-ended for all time.
It is very unfortunate, however, that we have not managed to reach even something approaching a consensus.
I should clarify, however, that Article 119 of the Treaty does not apply to self-employed workers, in respect of whom Directive 86/378 remains wholly valid.
On board a vessel, however modern it may be, safety is first and foremost a human matter.
We need to recognize, however, that this posting directive is only one step forward in the campaign against distortions of competition and to increase the competitiveness of firms, and hence job security.
In an open economy, however, vacant posts are immediately occupied.
It may be, however, that you have made a mistake in making it public - that is also a possibility.
That, however, is now a decision for the Council.
In a number of areas, however, we can complete and complement at Community level the efforts required at national level, by strengthening the social dialogue and using the budgetary resources at our disposal.
In the longer term, however, I see no conflict between the fight against inflation and the fight against unemployment.
Generally speaking, however, his suggestions concentrate too much on substantial cuts in working hours.
The relationship between reductions in working time, productivity and wages is, however, a complex one which varies from sector to sector and, indeed, from country to country, as was already stated, as of course do the social security systems themselves.
Now however this approach may be under threat from the EU's rules on taxation.
You propose two things in Amendment No 5: firstly, that the period of five years proposed by the Commission and the Council for the review of the decision - which in our opinion is correct - should be reduced to three. In just three years, however, we shall not have enough information to be able to determine whether the decision is being effective or not.
In a note regarding the inclusion of waste covered by Council Decision 94/904, however, the Council confirms the need to take up this matter in the continued discussion.
Sometimes you have to concede defeat, however painful it may be.
I would point out, however, that Article 9(1), of the common position poses a real problem for those who engage in falconry.
A surfeit of trade bans or restrictions on the movement of animals might, however, run counter to the maintaining of biodiversity.
I fear, however, that the House will not be able to bring itself to take this step.
On behalf of the Commissioner responsible, I should also like to say, however, that account should be taken of the fact that the use of plant protection products in conventional farming is strictly regulated under the terms of Directive 91/414 on the marketing of plant protection products.
The last part of these amendments is unacceptable, however, since the requirements for data on pesticide residues are laid down in Directive 91/414.
Closer European integration is, however, a recognition of the reality that the modern global economy is moving towards a more globalized political model.
The Union must, however, attempt to tackle the problem of unemployment in a coordinated way.
In institutional matters we must not, however, make the mistake of tackling false problems.
I do, however, feel compelled to endorse the words of Mrs Green.
Let me remind you, however, of the wording of that rule; I will make quite sure that this really is a personal statement.
That is precisely the objective of the measures the Council advocates in this draft budget. To limit the budget allocations to what is strictly necessary with an eye to the likely outcome without, however, impeding important Community policies or reneging on the Edinburgh commitments.
I would stress, however, that, as for last year, the Council considers that this margin should not be used for the requirements of any single institution.
It is very sad if the European Union's foreign affairs effort is to be limited to picking up the pieces after the damage has been done, however important that may be.
That inconsistency is clearly the effect of conflicting interests in the European Union as well as the absence of a common foreign policy; that both lends support to the assumption by the US that I have just mentioned but it also underestimates the age-old threat from Muslim fundamentalism. That threat should not, however, lead us to ignore that fact that the prime victims of fundamentalism are in fact the peoples of that geographical region.
Democratic government can best withstand the terrorist threat, however, by remaining true to the values on which it is founded.
Now, however, we see that the situation in Turkey has developed in a very disappointing manner.
It seems, however, that such is not the case.
Nor has the internal political and economic situation in Turkey itself improved - inflation, unemployment, the problems with the PKK - and we quite simply have to ask ourselves, however much sympathy we have for what our Greek colleagues have said today, how we want to shape our relations with Turkey in future.
Since then, however, there have been steps backwards which we cannot ignore.
Some children, however, are criminally abducted and are never found.
On the prevention side, however, I want to raise a question which is not an easy one.
We, however, have to go on from there and make some critical comments.
Others, however, consume more beer, as in Bavaria, or whisky, as in Scotland.
In most Member States, however, they account for more than 10 % of tax revenue.
It is, however, in the first place the Member States which must take up their responsibility here.
Some Member States have made considerable efforts and have approved measures that will help small and medium-sized enterprises. Italy, however, compels courageous entrepreneurs to anticipate taxation on future hypothetical income, to the level of some 72 %.
Certainly, however, we must put particular emphasis on the future.
Having said that, however, entry for the newcomer is a necessary but not always a sufficient condition for protecting the consumer, and my few moments must be devoted to the consumer.
Are we, however, able to say that the results and progress achieved are commensurate with the efforts put in by this House?
At the same time, however, we are seeing no progress at all being made by the Council.
There are, however, three aspects I would like to discuss in particular in connection with fraud.
The prevention of fraud must, however, be given priority.
These two dangers were, however, inherent in the Dayton Agreements, which emphasizes - and perhaps we do not emphasize it enough - the responsibility of the western states of the European Union in the development of the Yugoslav crisis.
Madam President, on principle, on these matters it is very unwise to accept oral amendments however worthy they may sound.
The concept of public service must not be limited to culture, sport, recreation, health and education but should also include science, the environment, technical innovation, all areas of economic activity of interest to the population; it should also target the whole public however far away they live, even those living abroad.
Despite that, however, it is something and we will vote for it.
The only effective hope for Burundi, however, is that all the parties to the dispute should agree unconditionally to come to the negotiating table.
There are, however, sadly, many other examples of flagrant abuses of human rights on a considerable scale by the Indonesian Government.
Protection of the environment, as someone else said, must not be the preserve of committees or NGOs, however well-intentioned they are, or even the European Parliament.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, with all due respect to the citizens of Pazos, in Padrón, in my home province of Galicia, who are affected by the work being carried out to widen the N550 road, I must, however, emphatically deny that the roadworks are damaging the Pilgrims' Way as stated in this motion for a resolution. The Way of Saint James has been declared Europe's First Cultural Route and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
There is one other conclusion, however, that I cannot accept.
The report does, however, set out firm guidelines which should regulate financial assistance in the nuclear sector.
To balance this, however, the extensification premium should be raised accordingly for those farmers who are prepared to manage with a stocking density below one large animal unit per hectare.
I do agree, however, with those who say that intervention must be as brief as possible.
This is, however, a social problem we are dealing with and one which might make the beef and veal situation in Europe even worse.
In our view, however, the Directive is important for all calves and not just for those in herds of more than 10.
It is doubtful, however, whether farms will be financially able to make the necessary investment.
Despite intensive research, however, no scientific proof of this has yet been produced.
I would, however, like to make one clarification.
In that context, however, the rapporteur's amendments proposing, first, the constitution of an ad hoc body within the framework of the European Investment Fund and, secondly, the fixing of a five-year trial period, are particularly important.
That is not the case, however, because the famous 'comitology' machinery will continue to be the basis for the operation and development of the directive, especially since there is no provision for setting up a body of coordinators - as there is in the general directive - to promote the uniform application of the system.
For the sake of procedure, however, we shall take this vote.
In the meantime, however, the Commission is using all the means at its disposal to meet the legitimate expectations of the people of Europe.
In my view, however, this requires us to concern ourselves with more than simply the questions of the reduction of labour costs, flexibility and job insecurity.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in its work programme for 1997, the Commission restates its apt and ambitious general objectives. It must be said, however, that the means proposed for achieving those objectives are not commensurate with what is at stake.
The individual efforts of Mr Chirac, Mr Prodi and others, however laudable, are not enough when, at the same time, an historic opportunity is being missed at the United Nations, 50 years after the end of the war.
You will forgive me if I do not respond to all the concerns which have been expressed this morning. I should like to say, however, that I fully agree with those - in particular Mr Fayot and Mrs Oomen-Ruijten - who spoke on the subject of our procedures.
It does not prevent the Commission from counting on substantial growth in 1997, however, and without wishing to inflict too many figures on the House, I should nevertheless like to supply you with the main data.
We cannot continue to tolerate the attitude shown by the governments on 11 June, whereby when there is disagreement over some aspects of a proposal, however important they may be, it is simply consigned to the waste-paper basket and thus denied any dignity, value or urgency.
What is required, however, is that the EU should recommend that Member States reduce their costs for patent applications.
There is however the question of how we can actually achieve that within the frameworks which have been set out.
Unless I am mistaken, however - and would that I were - a David Bowie hit seems to have mysteriously become their theme tune.
All of this is justified by the need for budgetary rigour. This strategy, however, has brought to light three major contradictions.
If one looks more carefully at the nature of these cuts, however, it becomes clear that they affect all the development policies.
Leafing through the document's hundreds of pages, however, one gains the distinct impression that the rigour applies to certain sectors, the most productive ones as it happens, and comes to an abrupt halt at other sectors, where it would have made more sense to act.
To do that, however, we need a joint strategy - one that will command a majority in the House and which can no longer be left to the Council.
It has to be said, however, that the decision by the Ecofin earlier this month does not constitute a death blow for TENs.
I must confess, however, that I am not happy about the second aspect, the machinery for resolving conflicts.
We maintain that only products of the same origin can be compared; the question of trade marks, however, raises an entirely different set of problems.
The question remains, however, as to how we can achieve this as quickly, efficiently and cheaply as possible.
I did, however, have the opportunity to meet members of the National League for Democracy and others opposing the authoritarian military regime of the so onomatopoeically aptly named SLORC.
But the point must also be made that a European Union which grows from 15 to 25 or 30 Member States will not be able to function with the institutions in their present form and we have no other alternative - however much the attention of our citizens may be focused on the problems they encounter in their day-to-day lives - but to draw attention to this fact and to continue to insist that the IGC must take decisions which allow the Council still to take majority decisions and for Parliament to be the democratic counter-balance to decisions taken by the Council in the framework of the codecision procedure.
The European Parliament is, however, seriously concerned because we can see that there is a stalemate: the Intergovernmental Conference seems in fact to be paralysed by conflicting views.
I would, however, also like to utter a word of warning about the deparliamentarization taking place in some areas.
As Parliament's rapporteur on the IGC I would, however, like to once again stress the important points.
But, the fact that people can move freely across the borders involves risks, however, not least of which is that drugs can be moved across borders more easily.
The Israeli leaders should know however that no lasting peace can be based on injustice and apartheid.
At the same time, however, it reopened historic wounds, and painful issues concerning nationhood and borders came to the fore.
But that will not lead us to oppose the agreement because we believe that however sad and cruel the past, the well-being, progress and security of the European Union largely depend on our not being influenced by that and on establishing strong and new links of convergence and cooperation.
Mr President, it rarely happens in this House that the rapporteurs are not thanked for their work; in this debate, however, I am going to do just that and not thank the rapporteurs who have endeavoured, through their reports, to poison what could have been a calm and serene debate.
I do not, however, wish it to be forgotten that an Italianspeaking political grouping has not been accorded legitimate recognition.
But, however justified this plan may be, it seems to me to have some shortcomings.
In spite of everything, however, we must never neglect this social dimension in our programmes.
In this cooperation procedure, however, the Social Affairs Council and Ecofin are still not fighting with the same weapons.
We still maintain our border controls, however, and we still have the opportunity to check people at the border.
I can say, however, that this whole area is being discussed at the Intergovernmental Conference.
If there is to be a change, however, it would require full agreement of the other Member States, but it is something which we are examining.
The Council can, however, assure the honourable Member that its full attention will be given to any proposals which the Commission may bring forward in this regard.
The advent of enlargement, however, gives us a fresh opportunity to re-examine this matter.
We do not, however, believe this to be a matter of essential importance, but a pity all the same. What is a matter of essential importance is the option of not imposing sanctions.
In the context of this debate, however, we should state quite clearly that crime and criminality are two of the fundamental European growth industries today.
Most of the problem is, however, already solved in the text that is being negotiated by the Council.
The situation is improving, however, not least because of the commitment shown by Parliament.
I regret to say, however, that the other two amendments are not acceptable largely for procedural reasons which I do not think the House, on reflection, will find objectionable.
I wonder however what Mr Ferber wished to imply.
I am sorry, however, that the common position has disregarded the obligation for Member States to conduct tests on vehicles prior to the first registration and to carry out regular checks on speed limitation devices.
Parliament's amendment, however, would have the effect of imposing unnecessary tests on a relatively small number of vehicles which are generally maintained to very high standards already.
After the Linkohr report I heard that the Commission had somehow or other produced a new proposal that was not, however, any different from the first one, although our colleague's report was different from the Commission proposal.
It is, however, a matter of very great regret to me that the rapporteur did not intend agreeing to my amendment on ECHO, approved by a slight majority.
As we are now Members, however, the cuts must take socially acceptable forms.
It is, however, important that positive signals are coming from Afghan women themselves.
In the interests of the suffering people of Sudan, visible signs of success are, however, urgently needed and I hope we will obtain them.
In this specific case, I feel, however, that the joint resolution goes beyond what is necessary.
This seems to me a good thing. We shall, however, have to remain extremely vigilant as regards the question asked in that referendum.
A positive step is, however, the new joint action decided upon by the European Council.
In Europe, however, the network happens to be based on passenger transport, which makes rail transport immensely more expensive because of the safety technology required.
According to our Rules of Procedure, however, the rapporteur is solely responsible for the content of an explanatory statement.
We do not believe, however, that it is necessary to establish a sub-committee on tourism.
The EU should, however, be able to take on a coordinating role in respect of national, regional and local authorities, the tourist industry and various consumer organisations.
It accepts the other amendments in substance but not as to form, emphasizing, however, that, first, the Commission is already supplying Parliament with regular information on the status of implementation of the fisheries agreements, in the form of statements and reports to the Committee on Fisheries.
The laws of ecology, however, impose limits to which we must be prepared to pay heed even without subsidies.
Such a view does not, however, form an adequate basis for a programme of rural development and does not generally help stabilize rural employment markets.
Some hope can, however, be derived from the new accent placed on the concept of independent regional development, which has meanwhile also found its way into European policy-making.
We are looking at an agricultural problem which is however much more than an agricultural problem, involving and affecting the full extent of economic, social and environmental policies.
In principle, however, they have hitherto been allowed to take pictures in the lobby and elsewhere on Parliament's premises.
Let me point out that the European Union is the world's leading trading partner as well as the primary provider of development aid, achieving a contribution level of 40 %; at the same time, however, it is also one of the main polluters.
The objective of sustainable development has, however, at the same time, to inform all existing policies and measures.
We have, however, to be concerned at the fact that the funding earmarked for such measures is likely to be a token sum only.
On the other hand, however, the Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3, 20, 25, 27 to 30, 37, 38 and 43.
It is, however, also a highly important environmental issue affecting climate instability.
To do that, however, we need more money than the ECU 45 million which the Council has proposed as a reference amount for the programme budget.
In 1995, payment appropriations amounted to almost ECU 24 billion; actual payments, however, came to only ECU 19.5 bn.
It must be emphasized here, however, that it is not only important to disburse funds swiftly, but also sensibly.
I should explicitly add, however, that these observations do not concern the Commission alone, since 80 % of the budget is, after all, implemented by the Member States.
I would make the point, however, that the scale on which the Court was unable to carry out audits because of insufficient documentation, for example, has been considerably reduced.
This is what is giving rise to difficulties, however - the fact that there are many good regulations which are being applied inadequately or not at all, and that it is hard to actually monitor their implementation.
Time is limited, however, and so I should like to be very brief.
We are therefore on the right path of working together, more than is the case with national audit bodies; to be fair, however, one must of course also take account of the different scope and the different priorities of the national bodies.
I believe, however, that we have made significant progress in the Committee on Culture about how to deal with the ways of giving it a sufficiently solid base.
We have, however, voted for the amendment which relates to limitations on advertisements for alcohol and pharmacological preparations, as well as advertisements targeted at minors.
As far as specific competition policies are concerned, however, we sometimes have the impression that the clock is to be put back.
Should three or more national notifications be required, however, the figures of ECU 2 bn and ECU 100 m will apply.
It already has an answer, however, since it does not feel that it would be sensible to eliminate this criterion altogether.
The Council, however, was not prepared to establish the necessary legal base.
There are, however, a number of aspects in particular to which we should like to draw attention in this general assessment of the Community economy.
In reality, however, they all come down to the same thing: the fact that, as far as economic policy is concerned, we are living in very interesting times.
I have to say, however, that there is a considerable gulf between the Commission's ideas, the actual objective and the funding available.
It is, however, not a myth that it goes against the wishes of the citizens of the countries of the union.
I did, and the answer was: ' Certainly, wages are lower. Ultimately, however, that was not the decisive factor.
Here too, however, the internal market provides for something very sensible: competition between systems.
At the same time, however, I would point out that our main concern in every sector, even when we are trying to introduce competition, is to ensure that universal services are guaranteed where necessary, and that consideration is also given to social issues.
Unfortunately, the Council made it clear again yesterday that however much we might be attracted to ELISE, there are a number of ministers who refuse to succumb to her charms, and it therefore seems that her chances are, sadly, very slim.
I must, however, also add that there is very little about this in the various programmes, particularly in the fourth framework programme.
I would, however, like to highlight two things.
A majority of the committee voted, however, for an even tougher objective, with -20 % up to the year 2005, and -30 % by the year 2010.
I do not think, however, the PPE has gone far enough and I would particularly ask it to look at Amendment No 7, which on my information it still looks set to reject.
We need to be clear about one thing, and this applies to us in this House as well: any attempt to overburden the meeting with new topics will not solve any problems but make them more difficult, however much we may regret this in individual cases.
In the context of the common foreign and security policy Member States are, however, obliged to coordinate their positions and present a collective position in international organizations and at international conferences.
It is, of course, an admirable objective which we are aiming at here, namely the establishing of a centre for the control of infectious diseases. I am, however, highly doubtful about the value of continually setting up new institutions at "Community level' .
We must, however, state that, for us, the report contains clauses which are far too ambitious on the need to reduce state support, on deregulation, etc.
We support the rapporteurʼs report on the Commissionʼs report on competition policy. We would, however, further emphasise that a deregulation of the energy sector and the postal service does not necessarily mean privatisation.
Publicly-owned organisations should not however be the only ones which have to shoulder the burden of social responsibility for, e.g. people in sparsely populated areas, while private businesses are allowed to concentrate only upon areas where the business rewards are considerable.
We are opposed, however, to those parts of the report which concern a complete harmonisation of direct taxes.
There are also, however, a number of highly dubious conclusions drawn in the report.
With these reservations we shall, however, vote for the report in its entirety.
This view, however, disregarded a competitive counter-balance in the form of a long-term responsibility on the part of the beneficiary enterprises.
I would, however, like to add a few personal comments.
Experience has shown that declarations and resolutions, however strongly worded, get nowhere.
One wonders, however, whether his room for manoeuvre may not be seriously limited by the views expressed by the Union.
They must, however, be given the time and the chance to work one out for themselves, without the European Union choosing sides and dictating terms.
The Palestinians, however, must recognize that Israel has some rights and all, I believe, want to live in peace and security.
When it was discussed in our group yesterday, however, it became apparent that some members of the group did not altogether relish the idea of a major extension of majority voting; they do not like the idea that the government of a country could be overruled.
I would like to emphasize, however, and I think we are all agreed, that codecision as described in the Treaty has required a step forward. We are seeing it applied every day and we know that the contribution that codecision represents, despite its limitations, is a significant advance over the previous version of the Treaty.
Mr President, not only have I read it but, Mrs Izquierdo, I have made a point of underlining it. My comments, however, referred to the interventions we have heard today.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, however, is critical not only of the way the matter has been handled, but also of the fact that the Council has decided to bring in the harmonization of the asylum procedure by means of a legal act that is not binding in international law.
I am afraid, however, that when it goes to the Council it will once again fall on deaf ears.
If one reads this report, however, one sees that this will at least not be the case if the European Parliament gets its way.
It is important here, however, as the report also says, that such harmonisation is inspired by greater ambition than simply to build on the lowest common denominator.
The report improves upon the Commission proposal in that it places more emphasis on the need to take into account the situations in individual Member States regarding procedural law - situations that are still very different -, without, however, losing sight of the objective of a uniform level of consumer protection.
Nor can we lend our support to the supplementary amendments tabled by the Socialist Group, likewise on strict technical and legal grounds which are, however, indeed contained in the amendments tabled by my colleague from the Green Group and, generally speaking, drawn up by the Committee on Legal Affairs which, Madam Commissioner, I believe substantially improve the technical quality of the text while retaining its spirit.
Testing and labelling, however, are absolutely essential for European consumers in all cases.
At present however, there is often a crass contrast between energy production and environmental protection.
Future developments and the distribution networks must however be taken into account.
There are, however, some areas of great concern to us.
I must, however, clarify that the preferred terminology is sustainable development or sustainability requiring in environmental policy the promotion or focus on renewable energy sources.
The objectives of such institutions are valuable but we should, however, like to ensure that the creation of new institutions should not, if possible, produce new bureaucracy.
To do this, however, as emphasized in the report of the Committee on External Economic Relations, conditions allowing fair and genuine competition must be guaranteed at international level.
As we know, the Community controls export quantities through a rigid system of licence allocation, which, however, has different effects on different sectors.
In the milk sector, however, the situation is more critical.
In the case of cheese, however, the price policy has led to constant price falls via the refund adjustments.
I would, however, warn against the reasoning adopted in the report concerning the EU's future role in the peace process.
I should also like to point out, however, that these industrial fleets are not only from the Union; they are also those of third countries, those equipped by joint-venture companies and those of the Senegalese industrial fisheries themselves.
There is one thing that they are not suitable for, however, and that is sitting on.
It does, however, seem to me to be quite clear.
What is lacking for me, however, is any explanation of what the consequences for people seeking asylum in EU countries will be of joining Schengen or of the Schengen rules being adopted by the EU.
We regret, however, that it has not so far proved possible to conclude similar protocols with Estonia and Latvia.
They are, however, no substitute for an EU accession strategy in the fisheries sector, which ought also to provide for aid for restructuring the Baltic fleets.
The measures proposed must, however, be complemented by the national audit bodies and local and regional authorities also being involved in audits, especially where the Structural Funds are concerned.
In this context I must however note the difference between theory and practice, because sadly the Cooperation Council has not met once since 1993, i.e., over the duration of the trade and cooperation agreement that is now being superseded, because it was blocked.
This promotion of floriculture, based on small property, demands, however, commercial construction with infrastructures which are able to back up Madeira's floriculture production.
In practice, however, many women are still hitting their head against the so-called glass ceiling.
I would, however, like to raise two points.
And that means, however uncomfortable this may be, that if you want to treat women on the same footing, including in the civil service, then men will have to make room for them, for otherwise nothing will change.
I shall, however, faithfully represent the view of the Commission.
Is it not a little late in the day to send observers after disaster has already struck? Because if the non-governmental organizations have virtually no room for manoeuvre because of the unstable situation, is not that even more the case as far as any observers are concerned, however many of them there might be?
As the House will also know, however, in practice the Commission has no effective legal right or ability to intervene in a national dispute unless a Member State is shown to be negligent in its duty to uphold the legal freedom of movement of goods and persons specified by the Treaty.
The 200 blockades mean however that there has not been significant easing of the overall situation.
What I will do, however, together with representatives from Parliament and some Member States is to continue to strive for progressive change that would increase efficiency and competitiveness whilst sustaining decent conditions.
I can do that, however, as much as I like.
The surprise for me, however, was the reaction of the House of Commons and its Gemini twin, the London media.
We are not prepared, however, to accept the budgetary straight-jacket that the German Finance Minister is trying to impose on us within the European Union.
I have great doubts however about whether the Ecofin Council will maintain the position proposed by the European Commission.
Some people are trying to sugar the pill, to weaken the discontent and resistance of ordinary people, by attempting to promote improvements of one sort or another in the mechanism of the single monetary policy, as defined in the Maastricht Treaty, and in the ensuing decisions taken by the Community's institutions. They can see the impasse to which the EMU decisions are leading and are trying, without, however, distancing themselves from the whole enterprise, to broach certain concerns and worries via requests hinging on the interpretation of the criteria.
A single currency, however, would continue to call for greater real approximation between economies.
In actual fact, however, it is a highly political issue which, moreover, has not yet been fully resolved.
EMU is not simply a question of the future, however, it also affects our everyday life today.
What the voters think about economic policy when it comes to general elections, however, will no longer be of interest.
The report does, however, also contain a number of recommendations which the Commission finds it impossible to adopt in view of the present status of the Treaties and the regulations for implementing the programmes.
This, of course, carries the seeds of conflict, because however broad a consensus we may have achieved within the committee, or may achieve now in this House, that is not to say that the implementation of the measures that have been mentioned may not give rise to many genuine conflicts.
One important aspect in this area, however, is that we as a Parliament also consider these matters from a national perspective.
I have to say, however, that when I launched the citizens' network Green Paper last January there were those who wondered aloud if this was an area where the Commission had an interest.
It is worth stressing, however, that when considering subsidies, the relevant authorities should also take into account the potential cross-sector benefits of aid to public transport, in particular in the way in which public transport can assist with general levels of health and obviously with social welfare.
I must however make a number of points which emerge from an analysis of the amendments tabled.
We must, however, beware of making the same old mistakes.
It is, however, the results which will be measured and where results are concerned one has to acknowledge that the EU has so far failed.
To assess the impact of the structural funds on employment is important; however, the levels of unemployment cannot be a criterion for making funds available.
There is, however, one area that causes us great concern.
As I said in my explanations of vote regarding the various reports on the single currency that have been presented during this part-session, those who want to go through with this project are now being confronted by a great many difficulties: some legal (inappropriateness of the legal basis for numerous implementing measures which, however, are necessary) and some substantive (precise nature of the monetary system adopted at Maastricht, uniform or differentiated, egalitarian or inegalitarian).
The main reason why we cannot vote for the report, however, is that its thrust throughout is that EMU should form the basis of a common financial policy.
One of the fundamental mistakes with EMU, however, is that fifteen countries in Europe are making cuts in their budgets and thus in the public sector and in employment.
I have serious misgivings, however, about his nomination because in his previous position and at the hearing in the economic affairs committee he expressed his belief in an anti-inflationary and low taxation policy which I believe will increase unemployment in the Member States of the European Union.
I must however register my strong reservations about paragraph 32, which states that the best way of promoting efficiency is to contract out local public transport to private entrepreneurs.
At the same time, however, I admire your ingenious interpretation of the Rules of Procedure and Rule 19.
What I fail to understand, however - because this question has already been under discussion for almost a year - is the fact that these colleagues have not spoken out before now in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development or here in the House.
At first reading - it must, quite frankly, be acknowledged - we were more ambitious; now, however, partly as a result of the action of certain groups, the legislative process has in fact caused us to scale down the project as first conceived in committee and then in this Chamber.
We believe, however, that certain matters have been mentioned which merit further discussion.
The search for ways of providing the consumer with adequate information must, however, be continued beyond today's agreement, and I think that honourable Members' contributions to this debate have suggested some interesting ways forward.
We are, however, realistic enough not to think that introducing a single customs administration is a possibility.
In parallel, however, the European political process recognises European political parties.
The report aspires to be the second major step along the path laid open by those who framed Article 138a. That article, however, must be implemented still further.
Mr Tsatsos' report is so flexible that it explicitly acknowledges that such European political parties, however set up and bearing in mind the multinational nature of whatever form they may think appropriate, may object to the existence of programmes and actions with a European dimension.
We have, however, to concede that, at this time, European public opinion is affected by a latent, generalized distrust of all things institutional.
Since it is a question of the alcohol regime in the Scandinavian countries, however, this being an exceptionally important matter in which specific regional factors are involved, and since a legal loophole will arise if we fail to take a decision during this part-session, I am in favour of approving this request for urgent procedure.
Faced with the impossibility of introducing the harmonization of direct or indirect taxation, however, the Commission is advocating more consensual methods, such as the establishment of a code of conduct between the Member States, or coordination rather than harmonization.
I am hoping for further clarification of the social dimension of the European Union from the conference of Heads of State or Government by the middle of next year, for example through the incorporation of the social protocol into the EU Treaty, the addition of a new employment chapter - whereby I am not, however, reckoning on additional powers for the Community - and the inclusion of a general ban on discrimination and thus provision for the equal treatment of women.
Having read again the speeches made in October and listened to a number of honourable Members speak this morning, however, I think that it would perhaps be useful to look once more at the course of action taken by the Commission, in order to remind ourselves of the guidelines it has adopted, taking into account, of course, the European Council's decisions at the Edinburgh summit and the interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Council and the Commission concerning the procedures for implementing the work programme, as well as the principle of subsidiarity.
The creation of a negative reserve, however, as Parliament understands that, will then be taken from proved performance; underspends and other programmes will effectively pay for the Northern Ireland peace programme.
The overall satisfaction is, however, accompanied by some disappointment: the budget procedure has revealed serious shortcomings.
I am, however, disappointed with several of the compromises which have been made between Herzog and PPE/PSE, especially the section on the importance of national level influence on decisions.
It must be said, however, that from a purely economic standpoint the structural reforms in each country applying for accession are definitive factors for successful enlargement.
This time it will not do to concentrate simply on the overall political objective, however desirable it might be.
This debate on enlargement to the east is being conducted with more insincerity than hardly any other, however, and that applies both here in the House and outside it, and in the Member States.
The aim, however, should be to modernize them and not to abolish them.
What I do count, however - and the same thing was said by Mr Christodoulou and all the other speakers and by Mr Rehder himself - is that there will be tremendous social and economic consequences.
Great care must be taken, however, with this task.
I should like to make it clear, however, that the aid provided by the European Union, in relation to that provided by other parties, represents the lion's share.
I regret to inform the House, however, that the Commission has so far not received a single one of these promised new posts.
I also regret to inform the House, however, that without these additional inspectors, the Commission will find it difficult to verify that all the Member States are monitoring the practical application of the directive effectively, thereby ensuring that the new requirements are being observed.
I should like to make it clear, however, that the Commission's means of enforcing compliance with Community law are in practice very limited, since apart from the breach of Treaty procedure, it currently has no other instruments available.
I am to some extent reassured by what you have to say, Commissioner, because it shows that something is being done and that a process of reflection is under way. I have, however, to say that it differs very little from the answers your predecessors have given me over the past seven years.
So far, however, the European Parliament has not taken the opportunity of starting to restructure the internal energy market on ecological lines.
Competition breeds on diversity, however, and that is what we are trying to say with our amendment on distributors, as many political groups have done.
It should also be pointed out here, however, that the directive will have substantial effects which we may not welcome quite so much.
If they fail to do so, however, that is not a disadvantage for those involved.
Unfortunately, this has always fallen through, however, because everyone has their own ideas about it!
The defeat of 28 November, however, did nothing to dampen the ardour of the Commission for deregulation, and it still brandishes its draft notice like the sword of Damocles which it threatens to let drop in the absence of any directive.
It is important, however, to clarify its conditions in order to avoid ambiguities.
Do Member States really believe that the Union will gain credibility by making an official, however highly placed he may be, the centre of the European Union's foreign policy?
The alliance with the only genuinely democratic force in Serbia, Vesnapesi's party, offers some hope, however, that the opposition wants democratic progress.
Mr President, unfortunately one minute is not long enough to congratulate the Irish presidency, which I would, however, have liked to do.
Above all, however, these texts in their various ways show a desire to organize a veritable programme of euthanasia for national parliaments.
There was, however, one paragraph in the resolution which the EPLP voted against. This was paragraph 11.
The new government's interpretation, however, is something else entirely, promoting, as it does, a monopoly and infringing consumers' rights.
Regrettably, however, it is high on rhetoric but low on specifics.
Here, however, we face numerous social problems, such as increasing selfishness, increasing structural inconsiderateness.
In this respect, however, I believe two aspects are particularly important in terms of the direction we follow.
I assume however that, even after the presidency period is over, you will do all you can to enable these countries to participate in the rebuilding of Yugoslavia.
As framed today, however, these regulations will actually act as a brake on any acceleration of the market in that direction.
I do not intend to conceal, however, that there were substantial, albeit reconcilable, differences between the House and the Commission as to the extent and contents of some of the revised provisions.
Amendment No 6, Article 3(3) cannot, however, be accepted.
The Commission considers, however, that the impact of restructuring processes upon supplementary social security schemes should be the subject of further research and intends therefore to carry out a comprehensive study on this particular issue.
The Commission is prepared, however, to amend its text to make clear that the transferors' and the transferees' obligations to inform applies from the moment that the transfer concerned is contemplated.
If the current text is maintained, however, it does not call for the introduction of the recital proposed by Amendment No 3 which, accordingly becomes superfluous.
The second sentence, however, becomes superfluous in the light of Article 9 of the Commission proposal.
We must, however, also send out a strong signal for the future.
That still does not mean that there does not remain a small, however small, element of uncertainty.
In 1993 the European Council in Brussels invited the Commission to initiate a radical revision of the regulations on drinking water; however, as the Commission itself acknowledges, the present proposal is only one element in the process of simplification, consolidation and updating of Community legislation on water.
It would be a good moment, however, for the Commission to demonstrate to us that replacing lead or copper piping with plastic is definitely better for human health.
For this reason we cannot accept Amendments Nos 1, 5 and 15. We have, however, taken note of this and will consider the extent to which it is possible to introduce arrangements with respect to the areas of water for recreational use.
I must confess that the proposal to allow these provisions to be omitted is an attractive one. The Commission is of the view, however, that it cannot approve this amendment at first reading, but has not ruled out the possibility that it may accept the proposals when this aspect is debated the second time round.
At this stage, however, a strictly budgetary approach will mean that we are neglecting certain essential preliminaries.
It would not be a good thing, however, if this were to be the start of an inward withdrawal by the EU.
I am sorry to say, however, that a great deal has happened out there.
The EU is not, however, the appropriate body for it.
It should be noted, however, that this proposal is not concerned with any standardization of facilities on offer for disabled drivers, but concentrates instead on mutual recognition of the standards operating already in the various Member States.
Those regulations will, however, have to be published in an appropriate form.
With respect to the Community's' relations with countries outside its borders, however, it is relevant to ensure that there is no connection between the contemplated restriction of vessel categories and the vessel categories, if an attempt is now being made to promote a number of arrangements with development countries in the area of fishing agreements which the EU Commission is neither in the process of, nor contemplating, carrying out.
In the short term, however, given the reductions being proposed, there is a need to establish appropriate compensation for fishermen.
I should like to point out that we have acceded to this urgency only because it really is an important question and because if we did not do so a legal loophole would open up; however, we expect more account to be taken of Parliament's rights next year.
Thirdly, however, I should like to point out that this is also a question of special regional features.
The committee has, however, asked the Commission to withdraw its current proposals and submit instead, as soon as possible, a proposal relating solely to financing in 1997.
The European Parliament's Committee on Budgets, however, rightly declared in due course that it was irresponsible to vote in favour of the 'beef and veal' measures but to refuse any arrangements for financing them.
Structural funding in Ireland, however, will not come to a sudden halt at the end of 1999.
On the other hand, however, Ireland also has the courage to expound a national plan for sustainable regional development, which provides an extremely important basis for deploying the structural funds and offers an opportunity to make genuinely effective use of them.
At the same time, however, they are required to pay the co-responsibility tax, with the result that they have reached desperation.
I would, however, ask the House to back fully the submission by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and support Amendments Nos 1 and 2.
Without having a proposal, however, I cannot promise in advance a decision on a proposal which does not exist.
The Commission is, however, of the opinion that with the exception of support for the Office of the High Representative, it has sufficient instruments and budget resources under the first pillar to meet well-identified needs.
As many previous speakers have emphasized, however, the large number of votes cast in favour of Mrs Lalumière reflected the deep sense of frustration within this House.
As things stand, however, both Mr Hänsch and I take the view that Rule 110 establishes a clear deadline.
Naturally, however, the disciplinary action has to be proposed on the same day or the following day.
I have to say, however, that if the Amsterdam summit does not succeed in organizing the European Union in an efficient, effective and democratic way, it would not be justified to begin these negotiations on enlargement.
The Liberal Group, however, is disappointed with the sluggish and begrudging progress to date on a number of the liberalization dossiers, especially in telecommunications and postal services.
I acknowledge, however, that these are merely commitments in principle. They will have to be fleshed out.
But I would commend to the House a scientific report which appeared in my own country yesterday and which points out that, however important education and training may be in terms of 'employability' , they do not create a single new job.
And however we might try to explain this, the fact remains that there is a gap to be bridged.
There are, however, some positive points that I should also like to make.
Mr President-in-Office, in your statement you mentioned a number of commendable programmes and projects, which are worthy of support; we should not, however, like to see what has happened with other presidencies, when issues have remained pending indefinitely and some problems have slipped out of sight, only to swell the workload of subsequent presidencies.
In all fairness, however, it has to be said that the President-in-Office clarified matters in his speech this afternoon.
That action, however, made reference to tourism after the year 2000, so the new child has died in the cradle!
It could also be said, however, that their agenda is very challenging.
There remains, however, the problem of financial services.
I doubt that a loving couple would be interested in the length, diameter and thickness of a condom. I am quite sure, however, that everyone has a right to precise information about the origin and characteristics of their food.
This will enable consumers, and especially people suffering from allergies, to eliminate any possible risks, however small these may be.
The biggest boost for the consumer, however, will reside in the demand for transparency in bank costs and conditions of transfer.
Although the original proposal has been improved, there is still one aspect that worries me, however. The liability thresholds have been set too low.
Despite this, however, we note that not only are European investments in these countries not increasing, but they are actually diminishing.
There is still a lot to be done, however. I reiterate my congratulations to Mr Bertens on his report.
In these 3 years, however, the European Union has become involved in MERCOSUR, Chile, a new San José agreement, an agreement with Mexico, and a new agricultural GSP.
What we do not have, however, is an institutionalized parliamentary dialogue, and that is what the EP would like to see.
I have to tell the House, however, that the remaining proposed amendments are not acceptable on grounds that I hope the House will recognize to be rational and will come to agree with.
I have no option, however, but to agree with the rapporteur's view that the solutions proposed in the White Paper do not match the brilliance of the Commission's analysis.
The bottom line, however, for all of us who travel - not least the business community and leisure and tourism travellers - is that the investment required by the Member States is urgent.
The same citizen is also entitled, however, to expect that everything possible is done to organize and operate those services in a responsible manner.
It is worth underlining, however, that we will only achieve this goal by making public transport better and more efficient, not by punishing motorists with more taxes.
I hope, for my part, however, that the practical solutions which are adopted do correspond to the declarations made at the end of that Council and that generally speaking, albeit with contradictions, they do seem to be in keeping with the tenor of the discussion which we have been holding in the European Parliament for a number of months.
I am, however, accepting some ideas from Members which are useful additions.
In the second paragraph of that same Section (A), there is, however, a contradiction, since general criteria for use of forests are proposed, whereas differing criteria are needed.
I should, however, like to add another, more specific consideration, coming from a colleague in one of the big groups who did not dare to speak his mind here.
Flexibility, however, should not be allowed to become one of the principles of integration.
It does strike me as a pharmacist, however, that this is the first time that we find ourselves having to authorise foodstuffs like medicines; this kind of compulsory authorization is something new.
Therefore I think that the Menrad report is positive especially in respect of multinational or transnational companies but I must, however, emphasize my reservation about the refusal to identify these actions with the participation and the co-responsibilisation of workers in management, especially since information and consultation could be used as an expedient so that workers are more ready to accept real measures taken against them during difficult economic times, dismantling systems and reversing social games.
If they are adopted, however, they must be accompanied by corresponding rules on the participation rights of workers.
Those countries themselves, however, must cooperate with the European Union and offer solutions of their own, especially at the level of their internal democracy and human rights.
The success of our activities, however, will depend on three conditions.
But we can however be a little more reserved when it comes to one particular point, one of importance though, in the resolution being proposed to us.
It is a challenge to us all: it is not enough to create a logo, however important that may be - what is needed is continuity of action.
I would however remind him that, under every democratic constitution, criminal liability is personal: no one can be called to account for facts or actions attributed to others.
It will be objected, however, that this is a political problem: well, I believe that one of the worst defects of political life today, not just in Italy, is the use of legal procedures for political ends.
That must be made clear to the terrorists, across every shade of political opinion - they cannot expect acceptance and assistance anywhere, however ostensibly political their motives may be!
It is regrettable, however, that it is a report of initiative which has no binding power, but we must be glad for what we have.
It will always be best to try and find political solutions to deal with any conflicts, however serious they are, since radicalizing positions always leads to violence.
In accordance with the principle whereby the responsible party pays, however, it would be logical for each driver to pay in proportion to the risks to which he gives rise.
While we are in the process of working to establish such a balance, however, it is clear that even as we respect the principle that all modes should pay their real costs, some modes need to be particularly fostered in one way or another.
I have to inform the House, however, that some Member States have expressed strong reservations about this suggestion.
There is another point, however, which strikes me.
In any case, I say again, however important the matter may be it does not have very much to do with the Minutes.
I should, however, like to mention two remaining concerns that continue to require the Commission's attention.
If we just did that, however, and failed to look at energy efficiency and environmental protection, we would end up with a situation which was far worse than the present one.
Moreover, let me briefly refer to the question put by Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel: both EIB and G7 credits are being considered for projects in the Ukraine; to date, however, no decisions have been taken and the reports you described are also being taken into consideration here.
Compared with other Member States, Italy is, however, still very much offside, because the EU average is about 35 %.
In order to achieve these objectives, however, the cohesion policies need to be changed and reformed in a number of ways.
You have to be really determined, because getting permission to do it and looking for work in other countries is not so easy, however pleasant they may be.
They must, however, be given the wherewithal for this mobility, and not discouraged from finding a niche on the broader European job market.
It seems to me, however, that the Commission must be cautioned against any attempt to downgrade our social security schemes in the name of so-called European harmonization.
If we wish to preserve this valuable asset, however, we clearly have to increase our levels of employment.
The Commission does not seem entirely satisfied by this type of answer, however, since it is raising other arguments.
We have chosen however to support what we consider is best for the consumer, hence our support for this report.
There are seven minority opinions, and I shall not go into them in detail, because they will be presented by their authors. I would point out, however, that the report as such was adopted unanimously by those present at the vote on 6 February.
But we are not going to become sidetracked and enter into a question which - however important it may be - is incidental to this debate.
It goes without saying, however, that Parliament cannot ignore the part played by the other institutions, and especially the Member States. Within their respective areas of competence, they all bear a share of the responsibility.
I would point out, however, that Article 3(3) forms part of the Joint Decision, and as such automatically applies.
Over and above this, however, I believe that the report of the Committee of Inquiry should be forwarded to the Intergovernmental Conference, so that the representatives of the Member States can draw the necessary conclusions from it as regards the structure and functioning of the European institutions.
I must say, however, that it is not so easy to implement because we come up against the principle of subsidiarity, and states tend to defend this jealously.
Unfortunately, however, the Treaty provides us with no means of imposing sanctions on the government of a Member State.
We do have a political means available, however, which is to adopt a motion of censure against the Commission, on the grounds that the report indicates that it too made serious mistakes.
Let me point out, however, that the proposed approach of a qualified motion of censure goes both too far, and not far enough.
In fact, however, it took Parliament's painstaking inquiry to force the Commission to take action.
My second doubt is that the idea of groups of Commissioners for human health or the creation of super-Commissioners, however much they are personally appreciated, would not make a great deal of difference.
It is up to us to make the Commission put its own house in order and to say to the Council of Ministers that a catastrophe like BSE has to be tackled by common measures, not by recourse to national pressures, however powerful they may be, or nationalist prejudices, however extreme.
We want to see throughout Europe that our food concerns and our health concerns are placed in the hands of those who are not themselves too beholden to the great producer lobbies, however legitimate those may be in their own right.
Mr President, everyone is joining forces today to condemn a serious operational failure on the part of the Community institutions. In an attempt to be objective, however, I would point out that the Commission proposed a ban on the export of British meat-and-bone meal to the markets of the other Member States as long ago as 1989.
Behind everything else, however, one senses the urgent desire of the government of one Member State to play down the BSE problem, even to the extent of blackmailing the other institutions.
In the meantime, however, the state of knowledge has changed.
I do agree with one thing, however: we need much more transparency.
They may not, however, require Community citizens who are already teaching in another Member State to take the French training course in order to earn the diploma required in France.
The design of freight wagons is however not a matter for the Commission.
The provision of such information is, however, an obligation for the Member State concerned under the directive.
It is however an extremely important line for the region involved, particularly for the transport of goods.
I must confess that this problem is an extremely complex one, however: it is much more difficult for young people to move around the European Union than for goods and capital, even though Europe came into being for the sake of its citizens.
Since those rules will, however, expire by 31 December we must obviously prepare the structure of a new regime that meets the needs of the future.
Your rapporteur, however, insists that all beef industry products should be labelled, including industrially processed ones.
In some countries a system is already up and running; however, there are also some countries where it will probably take a long time to introduce the database.
The entire system, however, will only serve its purpose if the evidence of origin can also be communicated to the consumer.
The question, however, is whether this is possible with a set of requirements that can scarcely work in practice.
What should not, however, be rejected, Commissioner - and this is my earnest plea - are our demands that the reports be dealt with under Article 108.
To put it rather tritely, if I bought beef produced by Meier and Company, and if, as a consumer, I was very satisfied with it, I should assume that Meier produced good beef; if, however, on my next visit to the same retailer the label showed that the meat was not from Meier's, I should want to know why that supplier was no longer being used.
During that phase, however, those countries that already fulfil all the conditions can go ahead with this type of labelling system.
I regret, however, that the Commission feels unable to accept the other amendments today, and I should like to explain its reasoning to the House.
A compulsory system, however, can only function in its entirety if its prerequisite, namely a fully operable labelling structure, exists in all Member States.
Let me assure you, however, that after a transition phase we shall also be able to include processed goods in the system.
The Commission can, however, accept Amendment 9, which relates to the independent controlling bodies.
Whether or not I produce labels is a matter of choice. The content of the label itself, however, has to be subject to clear rules.
Parliament has all the time in the world, however much it needs, and the Commission hereby promises that if the Council did not honour the commitments it gave in its letter - and this is a purely abstract hypothesis - we should withdraw the proposal, which would then no longer exist.
Where we are at variance, however, with Mr Bangemann is what you do legally with the rest.
The Danish Social Democrats are interested, however, in obtaining further clarification of certain points, e.g. the situation of people who work in border areas.
I am however concerned that the Commission might be repeating the mistakes already clearly identified in the BSE report.
We have far more clued-up consumers than splendid laws, which will in any case be invoked by only a very small number of consumers, however aware they are.
In the long run, however, we must recognise in the European Union, as well as elsewhere, that people in the developing countries throughout the world are being driven towards support for intolerant and violent movements by the experience of increasing poverty and deprivation.
You also said, however, that in the case of the BSE crisis we did indeed find it possible to help with the great economic problems created by BSE.
I would even go as far as saying to the Council's representative that I am in favour of Turkey's full accession to the European Union, subject to one condition, however: that Turkey accepts the European Union's principles concerning democracy, human rights and dignity, and the economic limits established by the EU for any country that wants to become a member of the European family.
He did not tell me, however, how that position could be reconciled with the third pillar of Maastricht, with the principle of a European Union without internal frontiers, nor did he tell me how Bonn is supposed to control the eastern border of the EU from Finland down to Greece.
Calculation on such a basis, however, would involve disadvantages for the consumer.
This, however, would not be compatible with the principle of subsidiarity.
It is, however, the case that we have today a situation in which one contracting party is in fact the privileged party.
In the explanatory statement, however, it says that Community rules are appropriate.
From the citizens' point of view, however, it still contains too many ifs and buts.
Mr Wolf is right, however, in saying that a more general framework legislation is needed for two reasons.
If it were voted for, however, the motion of censure would be a 'red card' . I think that given that we are now in the early stages of the Intergovernmental Conference, it is better to show a 'yellow card' in the shape of a joint resolution, which was adopted yesterday, and with which I agree.
Thirdly, in another large French city, Toulon, the far Right council is stepping up its aggression against freedom of expression and against artistic creativity, showing that, however it may be disguised, the bad always comes to resemble the worst.
It is, however, necessary to realize that the problems encountered vary considerably from one crisis situation to another.
I can tell you, however, that in the mean time, once intervention buying had resumed, inspections were carried out in October/November 1996 and the results of those inspections were entirely to the Commission's satisfaction.
I would just ask you to bear in mind, however, that the sort of staff required for this highly specialized task can seldom be recruited internally, and the number of new jobs is strictly limited.
It is very difficult, however, to estimate just how many assisting spouses there are, and the task is rendered even more difficult by the fact that there are no precise criteria.
Member States, however, are somewhat disinclined to take action on this matter.
They are often a major unknown factor for social security. In reality, however, they are an indispensable aid to their husband.
At the same time, however, it is also true that existing possibilities for voluntary insurance or for the acquisition of a separate legal status are not taken up.
Let me remind you, however, of the starting point.
Through negotiation, however, we can ban all forms of cruel traps, to the benefit of the animals concerned.
The Treaty needs however to incorporate more global plans forming the basis of an equal opportunities policy and specifically to include some mention of positive measures against discrimination.
It is not, however, merely a question of percentages.
Schengen must obviously be extended to the whole Community. I do wonder, however, whether behind all the hairsplitting and quibbling by colleagues on all sides over the various accompanying measures - which is in fact a pretext for not pressing ahead with the idea of applying Schengen throughout the Community - there is not ultimately a lack of political will to proceed with European integration, particularly as regards the third pillar.
It would seem logical, however, since Schengen is one means of ensuring the entry into force of Article 7a, for the European institutions - especially the European Parliament and the Court of Justice - to be able to operate in this field.
To read it, however, is to be disappointed.
It should be borne in mind, however, that our own work method here at the Parliament also carries within it an element of that danger.
That, also, is a fact. It should be borne in mind, however, that in the information society people must eventually learn to work with the ICTs.
Reaction to the Green Paper did also reveal concern in some areas, however: the compatibility between flexible work organization and job security; the balance between what one might call the winners and losers on the employment front; the relocation of production to all corners of the earth; regional imbalances in terms of access, availability and adaptation; the risk that equality of opportunity may not be guaranteed for all; and sustainable development for all sectors of employment, work, life and democracy.
All of this, however, requires that training should take place within a network. A single institution will be inadequate: cooperation will be needed between different institutions, schools, training centres, associations and families.
Science is obviously an issue, not just science however, but also the social and political system in which science evolves.
It is ironic, however, in this respect, that Renault was one of the first companies to conclude in 1993 a voluntary agreement with workers' representatives in anticipation of the implementation of the European Works Council Directive.
Pending that, the heads of undertakings must, however, apply the instruments at their disposal properly; for in this situation of merciless competition they cannot, for economic reasons, not observe the rules of the game in relation to human beings.
I think anyone who believes that the problem created by Renault's brutal decision could have been resolved simply by adopting a more severe approach, however welcome that might be, and imposing certain social rules is making a big mistake.
It is disconcerting to see, however, that the Intergovernmental Conference seems so reluctant to get to grips with the fundamental restructuring of the European institutions.
We do not, however, share Mrs Van Lancker's conclusion regarding the legal incorporation of the Schengen Agreement into the Treaty.
For the people, however, what is most important is direct action in the field, to achieve results that will improve internal security.
It is therefore quite clear where and how the new technologies are to be used: wherever and however they can generate greater profits.
In addition to what has been said, however, we must pay more attention to the articulation of maritime transport with other means of transport, in particular rail and road, as this is the only way of improving and giving a more complete coverage of European territory, including landlocked regions and countries, which are less favoured.
At the same time, however, we must bear in mind the great importance attached by the various bodies and groups to the protection of health, the environment and biodiversity from dangers associated with genetically modified micro-organisms.
The Commission can in part accept Amendments Nos 4, 11, 27, 30, 35, 37, 38, 39, 43, 47, 48, 54 and 55, and it can in principle accept Amendments Nos 7, 8, 14, 15, 17, 21 and 22, to which Mrs Jackson in particular sought a reaction, 23, 24, 25, 64 and 68, which should however be formulated somewhat differently so that they do not create problems in new areas.
The Commission does, however, realize that the intention of these amendments is to strengthen the administrative supervision of such high-risk activities.
Many of us in this House, however, are concerned that whilst maybe certain DGs within the Commission are interested in trade negotiations, it appears that DG VI in particular - the agriculture directorate - is perhaps hanging back a little bit.
The action plan is, however, not considered to be a legally binding agreement but rather a statement of intentions and political will to cooperate on a wide range of issues.
A number of matters falling within the sole powers of the Community, such as fisheries, could not be dealt with, however, because the Commission had not yet received the mandate it had asked for from the Council.
I can however state that our commitment appropriations have been largely used but that there has been clear over-budgeting for payment appropriations.
In the map annexed to this decision, no. 3, 3.5, this link is described as a planned high speed railway link, but the exact route, however, is not given.
The UN conference is, however, in danger of grinding to a halt over other issues.
At the same time, however, it is equally clear that major efforts still are required to overcome the differences of opinion on the content of a general ban on antipersonnel mines and the way such a ban should be implemented.
This negotiation process does not in any way exclude active EU participation in the Ottawa process. At this stage, however, it is impossible to determine what the future specific contribution of the European Union in the Ottawa process will be, independent of developments in the conference on disarmament and elsewhere.
I can however confirm that this question, which was included in a draft proposal from the Irish government for the Intergovernmental Conference, is receiving full attention.
I cannot, however, give her the assurance she is seeking on behalf of the Council.
Under Protocol 11 to the Treaty the United Kingdom, however, is not committed to proceeding to the third stage of the Economic and Monetary Union without its government and parliament specifically deciding to do so.
I would, however, urge you not to speculate on what might happen, we still have a year ahead of us to prepare the way.
We take them seriously in Parliament. I wish, however, that we could get the Council and the Commission to build us into the procedure in a more effective way so we could really feel part of that process.
The Commission is aware of the potential final implications for the operators concerned, however this question can only be resolved by legal means and by checking the merits of each case.
Parliament, however, certainly did issue warnings, Mrs Wemheuer!
In the meantime, however, measures are proposed with a view to creating a common framework for the transit system.
Greater efforts, however, are also needed in the administration of justice, in matters such as judicial assistance and the treatment of evidence.
Miss McIntosh, I have worked to paragraph 1 of Rule 19 and as long as I am in the Chair I will continue to do so, however hard it may sometimes prove to be.
I have repeatedly said that I hope you will discuss this matter wherever and however you think appropriate; but I do think that we should put it to one side now.
I am not entirely happy, however, with the title of the White Paper.
A computer system is however not one-hundredper-cent safe against tampering.
The opposition, however, believed that by handing in its weapons the south would put itself completely at the mercy of President Berisha's Government which it considered undemocratic.
The Group of the European Radical Alliance therefore supports the process of national reconciliation agreed upon by the various political forces in Albania; however, this process seems as yet to have failed to convince the Albanian public, which has risen up against the outrage perpetrated against it by the so-called pyramid saving scheme, a demonstration of all the worst excesses of a free economy.
The economic aspect is also extremely important. But there are still very serious weaknesses as regards the entire question of cultural activities, which is also an essential aspect if we want to resolve, not by imposing solutions but through genuine development, matters relating to the closer integration of the Mediterranean countries and if we want to create a stronger sense of identity among all the countries by means of cultural initiatives of which, however paradoxical, there are only two: the usual customary attention to the audiovisual media, given the importance of television, but also, which is perhaps very important, the awareness of the programmes to be transmitted given that this signifies genuine policy-making.
Mr President, when we commemorate a truly historic event like the signing of the Treaty of Rome, I do not believe we should concentrate entirely on reliving a past act, however honourable it might be.
In practice, however, one has to ask exactly how unemployment is to be tackled and preparations made for enlargement to the east, and how these things will be costed.
Referring to point 2, therefore, however logical it may appear that the level of commitment appropriations should be established as a function of actual forecasts, I believe there will be less conflict if we keep to the Edinburgh agreements.
The conflict which lies ahead of us is not, however, about the amendments. It is simply about money, and I would strongly urge the House that it should demonstrate the maximum degree of solidarity in adopting the report if we are to have a chance of success in the Conciliation Committee.
This is indeed extremely important to public health and the future of the European Union; however, as other rapporteurs have pointed out, perhaps that 35 % is being allocated at the cost of other important areas.
With the restoration of peace and the establishment of the democratic political system, however, the process of economic reform began to take hold.
Over and above this, however, investment by European companies in Georgia will continue to increase.
Since the decision was taken to switch to a market economy and to introduce private enterprise, however, the situation of the Armenian people has steadily improved.
A crucial precondition for overcoming the economic crisis, however, is the planning and extension of transport links via Georgia to the European Union, as well as infrastructure networks for oil and oil products.
At the same time, however, regional economic cooperation can help to reduce the political tensions in the area.
Quite wrongly, however, an attempt was previously made to link this group to our socialist sister party, Dashnaksutyun.
There is another trial, however, which has not yet been concluded, the so-called '31 Trial' .
On the plus side, however, one should mention that Armenia has an ethnically very homogeneous population of 3.7 million inhabitants, who can work together to develop the country.
In theory, the maritime industries provide a shining example of something that is simple yet difficult to achieve: a long-term, viable component of a mobility and production system that respects the environmental constraints within which people live, whilst encouraging the social progress that gives history its meaning. In practice, however, the opposite is unfortunately the case.
We do have one criticism of the report, however, as it completely fails to mention the situation of women in the information society.
What concerned me was recital D, however. I do not believe that undermining President Berisha's position at the present time will serve the cause of peace.
Undermining his position is the most dangerous thing that we could do, however. That would make the peace process impossible for the foreseeable future.
There is still room for improvement on one point, however: I feel that we cannot, in a European Parliament text, limit the aspirations of the Tibetan people to cultural and religious autonomy.
In this respect, however, and here I agree with Mr Dupuis, I firmly believe that it does not go far enough.
It is precisely for this reason, however, that I wish to make it quite clear that I unreservedly share Parliament's concern and regret at Israel's colonization policy in East Jerusalem, and that I therefore support the demands set out in the joint motion for a resolution.
The Koran, however, makes no mention of Jerusalem.
This motion for a resolution also relates to another matter, however, which really cannot be passed over in silence: the conditions in the prisons, which are leading to torture and death, consequences which a delegation from our Parliament has been able to see for itself.
This also means, however, that Azerbaijan's interest in an attractive proposal for self-government for Nagorno-Karabakh, on the basis of internationally recognized principles, must be brought to the negotiating table without delay, and the negotiations thereby taken forward.
The most important thing for the developing countries, however, is for them to be integrated into the international economy.
At the same time, however, we must act intelligently.
The actions taken as a result of the conference were however rather poor.
How they are to be reinstated is however not mentioned.
Today I and colleagues Kinnock, Thomas and Ford have presented a strong protest to the Club Med travel company here in Strasbourg, demanding that they stop their tours and their activities there and take notice of the others that have pulled out, however attractive the Burmese people and country are.
Often, however, the only question is how to decide which are the poorer areas.
In this context, however, I wonder why there should be no partial financing.
Because the countries concerned are slowly emerging from the developing stage, however, we should not pick up on all the major difficulties that this implies, and all the development-policy considerations involved.
On the other hand, however, there is a shortage of care, integration and solidarity.
No doctor, however qualified, can guarantee his patients' health.
Those Member States which ought to have taken action, however, have so far not made a move.
In consideration of this clarification, however, we non-attached Members are voting in favour of the report by Mrs Boogerd-Quaak.
This is not possible, however, because the committee has not yet started to operate.
In that case, however, we ought to make provision for dealing with them during April II.
This campaign, however, has met with only very limited success.
An important observation becomes necessary, however, when one examines the matter.
It seems to us that, in granting this authorization, the Commission has shamelessly broken the rule of prudence which it had, however, sworn to us, after the mad cow affair, that it would respect from then on.
The new technology for gene transfer, however, overturn all natural bioregulations.
In order that this maize may be cultivated in Member States, however, it is first necessary that it be incorporated into the common lists of plant types, in accordance with Council directive 70/457 which once again has been modified by directive 90/654.
It would be interesting, however, to know - and this question has still not been answered - why the British Advisory Committee on Novel Foods, which Mr Bowe has already mentioned, was not invited and involved.
I would also say, however, with equal vehemence, that it is also unnecessary, because what can be done by means of ampicillin resistance can also be achieved by other means, and that must happen as soon as possible.
There should however be a complete review of the licensing systems.
This report, however, is about our own failings.
Everyone knows the Group of the European People's Party promotes and upholds respect for human rights, is active in their defence and firmly opposes any violation wherever and however it may occur. That has been demonstrated not only in words but in deeds.
I do, however, agree with its overall thrust and am convinced that it is useful and necessary for progress in Europe.
If only because of its scope, however, the report which is now before the House does not really lend itself to detailed discussion.
It is more important, however, to overcome the weakness of investment, to stimulate domestic demand within the European Union and to boost consumer purchasing power.
As chairman of Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, however, I wish to stress that the discussion of the stability pact has not finished, that Parliament will be holding a second reading on this subject, and that we are expecting Parliament's views - and we shall do our best to conclude our debate by the middle of this year - to be taken into account in the final deliberations.
It must be said, however, that we would have to economize with or without the Maastricht Treaty and monetary union, because total debt in the European Community is far too high and interest charges account for 20 to 30 % of our budgets, on average.
This is an unacceptable situation, especially since effective alternative methods are already available. Because of a clear lack of political will, however, these are not being promoted.
In my view, however, this argument does not hold water, since if it did, the EU would be unable to legislate independently of the USA at all.
In 1996 a delegation of MEPs realized however that the approved money was not getting through in the full amount.
But it is surprising, however, because 13 of the EU's 15 Member States opposed the introduction of this maize onto the market.
Economics and ecology go hand in hand; unfortunately, however, people are coming to this realization far too slowly, and not in sufficient numbers.
To respect the Treaty, I am obliged, however, to make it a meeting of an informal nature.
I can, however, tell you that on that occasion we will have to examine four questions.
I would also point out, however, that the SMEs must not be forgotten here.
I should like at this point, however, to ask the Council and the Commission what has become of an amendment tabled by the Alleanza nazionale concerning driving licences for persons with mild diabetes.
At first reading, however, Parliament called - and we have just repeated that call in the Committee on Transport and Tourism - for mutual recognition to be extended to penalties, i.e. the suspension or withdrawal of driving licences.
As Mr Koch rightly said, however, the individual Member States are exclusively responsible for issuing driving licences, and they must therefore also be exclusively responsible for withdrawing them.
We all know that the purpose of yesterday's newspapers, however excellent they are, is to wrap up fish.
I did say, however, that we are not relying on the industry at this stage: the Commission is initiating its own studies, but we have also asked the industry to be vigilant.
That, however, is a very big subject, and I can be brief in what I have to say.
It would seem obvious, however, that if a participant in the system becomes bankrupt, that participant's assets are frozen and revocation is therefore impossible.
In this case, however, the declaration states that it is the Commission and no one else which should submit draft measures to be taken, contrary to Decision 87/373.
We should not however forget that multimedia communications are opening up new avenues for the reproduction of works within the plastic arts.
For the present, however, I shall concentrate on two particular points.
The Organization of Arab States has, however, called into question the new economic and political relations with Israel, which have formed an important step in the peace process.
It is clear that the Israeli Government's policy of settlement is one of the major causes of this conflict, however legitimate the statement on Jerusalem which will have to be discussed in the latest round of talks.
The European Commission and the Council feel, however, that these additions are outside the scope of the Commission proposal.
Even in these circumstances, however, the diplomatic efforts of some countries have, as they say, been pitted against us: bureaucratic obstacles have been put in the way and meetings that ought to have taken place very quickly deferred.
The arrangements are, however, laid out very specifically in the Joint Declaration and the Basic Law and this must be regarded as the fundamental guarantee for the people of Hong Kong.
We are, however, requiring motor vehicle manufacturers to take on additional commitments: we are asking them to assume social responsibilities as well.
The rapporteur and draftsmen all concur in deploring that the Commission failed to involve technical specialists and experts from the various Member States in the research; however, on the whole they welcome the Commission's proposals.
At this point I should like to quote from the various reports; suffice it to say, however, that after examining these reports and the proposals made and opinions expressed, I agree with the view that the costs projected by the Commission for the measures to be implemented to make motor vehicles less polluting seem too high.
As far as the proposal from the Commission is concerned, however, it is hard to avoid the impression - and this is all very well in itself - that close consultations have been taking place with the industry.
Some of the amendments contained in the report may however improve the Commission's proposal, so I am able to accept the following amendments in full: 67, 68 and 85, and the following in part: 14, 78 and 81.
At the same time, however, this present proposal allows the Member States to use special fuels, if necessary, as a means of tackling particularly pressing air quality problems in specific zones such as large conurbations.
Thirdly, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 44 and 48 because they introduce measures which have not been adequately studied or in connection with which there is not, as yet, the requisite scientific data, but which will be attended to, however, in the second phase of the Auto/Oil programme.
I would, however, like to mention two points which, in my view, are non-negotiable.
Successful operation of this regulation, however, requires much more research work to be carried out.
The Council, however, is entitled at any time to limit the permissible fishing effort for any fishery if the condition of stocks so dictates.
One bright spot, however, is the defeat of a proposal put forward by British Labour members to set up a special European fund to finance employees who wanted to sue their employers.
Whilst strongly approving of this directive, I regret, however, that it is not more 'demanding' and that the reversal of the burden of proof is not total and actual.
Instead of simply underlining this difference, however, the PPE Group felt it was better to get straight to the heart of the matter: there is actually no suggestion of introducing new rights - it is simply a question of making the principle of equal treatment and equal opportunities for men and women, as laid down in the Treaty and in seven directives, legally enforceable where necessary.
Mr President, I believe that no text, however excellent, has the right, at the end of the day, to ease our consciences - I agree with fellow Members who have stated this - but, as far as the substance is concerned, this text is directed to the Council, to governments and to the Commission together.
The second point, however, is that Russia has acceded to the Council of Europe and has thereby accepted a number of conditions which apply to the domain of criminal justice.
It cannot be denied, on the other hand, that the inability of Bulgaria to engage in true reforms casts a singular shade on the prospects of a country which has, however, set itself some very ambitious targets.
I do not agree with all the Commission's proposals, however, since in my view unnecessary restrictions are being imposed on a number of types of fishing.
A broader issue is also involved here, however, not just so-called prejudices and difficulties, but a questioning of our society as a meritocracy, as an immense Darwinian mechanism of social selection in which more and more people are constantly being filtered out, and in which this relentless process of selection is also still being ideologically charged.
We know very well, however, that domestic and international efforts in these countries must be directed above all towards combating poverty and satisfying the primary needs of the populations.
I can say, however, that it frequently happens that the different international institutions make different predictions.
Now, however, every citizen is, potentially, his own bulletin board.
It should concern us, however, that the average survival time for SMEs is just five years.
One has doubts, however, about the long-term prospects for SMEs and job generation when consumption is being squeezed so hard by the merciless austerity programme. And, of course, these enterprises are the first victims.
On the whole, however, these reports tend in the right direction.
Fortunately, however, this transfer does not eliminate resources, so that it deserves support in all respects.
Naturally, they must respect the same requirements as Community vessels, but it will, however, be difficult to control the application of this.
It will also, however, help to avoid the distortion of competition that can arise when operators make inadequate provisions for safety.
Concerning these amendments, however, I should like to point out some details and make some comments.
The Commission is, however, considering various initiatives to strengthen the existing regime applicable to the transport of radioactive materials, including, if necessary, binding legislation for all ships calling at a European port and carrying radioactive materials.
In the framework of current legislation, however, it is not possible for the Commission to determine the type and role of partnership, nor am I sure whether this would always be desirable, because partnership has to be built up from below.
What is important about the present situation, however, is that the current difficulties cannot be blamed on those they affect, the shipyard workers.
It is important, however, that we now convert words into action.
We would point out, however, that we cannot subscribe to the report's section on the advantages of lowering VAT for small and medium-sized companies.
Threats to nuclear safety will become greater and greater as our planet evolves economically, politically and technologically and this Euratom-USA agreement could improve the surveillance of risks yet to come. The European Parliament must, however, react quickly to each new development and be properly involved in all future Euratom agreements and other international nuclear accords.
I do, however, understand the rapporteur's point of view when he says that this is a very courageous idea.
Where I have no doubt however, is that this is a shared responsibility - and I quote again - ' with the other institutions of the European Union and the Member States' .
Unfortunately, however, it is not working at present.
There are areas such as the environment and the fight against fraud which should however be subordinated to the subsidiarity principle.
This may, however, be something that will change in the future.
If we were going to support it, I would probably recommend Mr Ephremidis' amendment which asks that lobbyists state what particular assistance they have given to Members; however, the reference in that amendment to 'gifts' is inappropriate, because we have already seen that gifts are illegal under our current provisions.
In future, however, I ask you to match your speeches to the time available, because otherwise you will put the Bureau in a difficult position.
Mrs Barthet-Mayer's report has, however, been drawn up in a hurry and this may be seen from the result, among other things from the number of amendments.
Initiatives towards uniform taxation are, however, going too far.
This would make Amendments Nos 13, 14, 35, 36, 41, 52, 63, 73 and 112 superfluous, however, since they simply reiterate the ban at several points in the recitals and technical annexes.
Without a precise estimate of the funds involved, however, I cannot officially accept these amendments, although I shall endeavour to ensure that adequate appropriations are proposed as part of the normal budgetary procedure.
For a country like mine this document is, however, an extremely important one.
Finally, the rapporteur is right to remind us of the multifunctional nature of farms, especially hill farms, where a variety of forms of economic activity each play their part. Among those forms, however, those strictly associated with working in the fields must be the dominant and characteristic ones: after all, tourism, agritourism and crafts are only byproducts; the main emphasis must always be on agriculture.
You will be aware, however, that we still have ECU 11 m in the reserve for general information policy.
But it is current EU fact, however absurd, that at the very least all such gifts and benefits should be reported and made fully public.
That directive, however, like its predecessors, did not deal with the subject of radiation protection in cases of exposure for medical purposes.
On the other hand, however, it must certainly be made clear that such examinations can lead to the early detection of very serious illnesses, and can sometimes be used for treatment which will remove the need for an operation.
Directive 84/466/EURATOM, however, which relates to the protection from ionizing radiations of people undergoing medical examination, was approved in 1984.
Those companies, however, which set up such units on the basis of business criteria, constantly solicit more and more custom.
It would, however, be better to ensure competition in respect of infrastructure too, since that is always the simplest solution.
It must be said, however, that some progress has already been made in the direct use of renewable energy sources for road transport, such as biofuels.
As you know, however, a great many discussions within the European Commission have been needed in the past to address these problems, discussions which, as is evident, did not result in any specific conclusion or any specific proposal.
A few controversial points still remain, which I should like to go into now, and which were also subject to amendments in Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs; however, now that these points have been defused by the Commission, they are no longer serious enough to prevent Parliament from going along with the common position.
In the United States and Japan, however, no publication is provided for and network industries freely dialogue with their national suppliers in order to establish technical specifications.
Compliance with the existing framework conditions for vocational training in the Member States would, however, be the prerequisite for such a programme.
The most important area in which improvements are needed, however, is the budget for education programmes.
I also hope, however, that the Member States themselves will enhance the European dimension of their education systems, rather than relying unduly on the Commission's efforts to Europeanize syllabuses.
Attaining an excellent level in two foreign languages at middle school level is, however, an impossible ambition.
I must be somewhat less complimentary, however, about the fact that, very often, there is a lack of co-ordination between Community institutions.
What you are doing, however, is building another fortress Europe, and in your report, you have taken defence to mean the defence of the special interests of the EU Member States, in other words of resources, sea lanes and transport routes.
This point of view is not, however, uniformly shared.
Having said that, however, I would point out once again that the Commission has clearly set out its views on the future of the European Union's common foreign and security policy in its report to the Intergovernmental Conference.
The situation, however, is not as simple as that.
My report, however, is not about whether or not we should have arms but rather about where the arms we think we need should come from.
For future intervention under the Petersberg missions, however, we need new strike forces, new ships, new satellites and the future large aircraft.
Although defence remains fundamentally a national prerogative and certainly not calling existing assets - which are considerable - into question, the massive cost of the new arms programmes should, however, lead us to identify the real common needs, determine what can be produced better together than by each alone, and what should be purchased jointly.
We must emphasize, however, that we have some reservations concerning the report when it comes to harmonizing social security benefits, providing tax exemption for research grants and introducing a European status for trainees.
After everything people have been through in the Balkans in recent years and all the European Union has invested, however inadequately, in peace and reconstruction in the former Yugoslavia - and here I entirely disagree with the very negative picture painted by Mrs Müller, but I will not go into that just for the moment - is it really so surprising that the time should come when we ask Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia to normalize their own relations before they can hope to enter into contractual relations with the European Union?
We agree that it is not only a matter of continuing to dwell on substance and on whether policies can be aligned, however important that is, but that if the European Union does not provide itself with the necessary procedures and instruments, then the implementation of that policy will fail and we will not stimulate the necessary convergence of policy.
We would like, however, to insist that in future the small islands are allowed as of right to attend those appeals panels, represented by whosoever they wish, as is the norm in all other international arenas.
Finally, Mr President, I would assure you that the Council is continuing to monitor developments very closely, and will do everything in its power to influence the situation positively, however difficult that has appeared so far.
I hope we will not forget that however many lives we manage to save at the end of the day, it will be negligible by comparison with the 400, 000 lives already lost.
And however extensive it may be, we know that humanitarian aid does not bring political solutions to conflicts.
Europe has been totally absent from the political scene, and, although I customarily tend to be rather hard on the Commission, I must give it credit for having tried to play a positive role in this matter. That, however, was not a matter for the Commission alone, and so the results have not been totally favourable.
The Commission's attitude is based on a consultants' report, the contents of which are, however, being kept secret, even from representatives of the Swedish Government.
The resources set aside for this purpose must not, however, be taken away from other nuclear research.
We are not, however, blindly smug about nuclear power.
I should however like to point out that this is a very significant issue, a major issue of principle and a very important issue.
Although here and there in the Titley report there are some interesting suggestions, such as setting up a legal form of European armaments company, making sure, however, that they do not become a strait-jacket, the overall approach taken in the report and in the Commission's analysis, both federalist and ultra-liberal, opens no genuine prospects for the future in keeping with the real interests of the Member States of the European Union.
The most important point, however, was that suspending the panel offered the opportunity to continue to exert pressure on the United States' policy.
At the same time, however, I think we agree that the problem we call Iran today cannot be addressed simply by condemning the actions and omissions of the regime.
The policy adopted by the European Union until now, in other words the policy of critical dialogue, however correct as a theoretical concept, has brought no results but rather, the opposite.
As before, however, the ethnic divisions remain visible.
No need for economic progress, however urgent, can justify this kind of practice; on the contrary, the economy should be a vehicle for the expansion of individual freedom for all.
Without wanting to qualify that information, however, we have also heard it said that the government definitely wants to make efforts in that direction.
On the particular initiatives on social labelling the Commission acknowledges an increase in initiatives in the above-mentioned communication and stresses the importance of the rules of the World Trade Organisation which can, however, be misused for protectionist purposes.
Madam President, I have no criticism to make of the Presidency or indeed the Commission in their attempt to try and get a resolution through the sub-committee in Geneva recently. Clearly criticism can however be levelled at a number of Member States which did not stand by the concept of the Common Foreign and Security Policy.
Let me, however, make three very brief comments:
First, I am particularly glad that the rapporteur Mrs Rothe agrees with the idea of establishing a quantitative target, a target, however, which must be both ambitious and realistic.
In future, however, we will make no progress without an energy chapter in the Treaty.
Untrammelled competition and market deregulation are not, however, a universal panacea.
First of all, however, let me thank and congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Stockmann, for his excellent work on the report we are debating today.
I cannot, however, agree with criticisms relating to inadequate analysis of the situation in the energy sector in Asian countries.
So far, however, the employers' organizations have consistently refused to discuss the inclusion of drivers.
The premises are still valid, in that the safety of those working on the roads relies on the existence of and compliance with clear social legislation; it is to be regretted, however, that the problem is considered virtually exclusively in terms of one of its most obvious manifestations, such as observance of driving times, without taking account of a huge range of other risk factors which are ever-present in all the collateral forms of this activity.
The programmes are, however, absolutely essential for these areas.
Experience so far shows, however, that the role of those involved at local level has not been anything like sufficient.
As an Austrian Member, however, I find it extremely important that EU assistance should henceforth be used primarily to fight unemployment and indeed that the creation of jobs be made our foremost priority.
If we consider, however, the way in which this assistance has been administered, it emerges that only 70 out of 9, 000 businesses are receiving support.
The problem with the present Objective 6 programme is however that the regional development funds include support for agriculture.
I would however call your attention to the secondary advantages, especially the possibility of simplifying and redefining the programme and bringing forward the intermediate assessment.
In order to exploit them, however, care must be taken to avoid new walls being erected which divide peoples within Europe.
For two sides to agree, however, it is not necessary to build up complicated institutions.
For my part, however, I would like to say that special note should be taken of a number of points which are included in the report, but which in my view are particularly important.
At the same time, however, decisions on cooperative measures must be a matter for democratically elected bodies.
Widely varying conditions are of course found throughout the islands of the European Union and yet however, above and beyond that diversity, how can we avoid noticing a great similarity within development problems, such as the narrowness of the economic market, environmental conservation and transport costs, even within the social conditions of the peoples linked to the concept of being cut off and limited in space.
To be precise the Madrid Agreement uses only English and French. This raises a few minor problems of a technical nature which will not, however, make any difficulties for harmonization.
To do this, however, it also needs, above all, to add a political dimension to its presence on the international stage by strengthening its policies and institutions, first and foremost the European Parliament, and by fully involving its citizens.
As the European Union's powers increase, however, a solution must be found to the serious problem of its democratic deficit: powers - and, consequently, democratic control - cannot be removed from the national parliaments merely to increase the powers of unelected decision-making bodies.
It seems to me, however, that you have reached it in the worst possible way, through a series of set-pieces, with only minimum agreement on the minimum content of a revised Maastricht Treaty.
FISCALIS will certainly improve the existing VAT systems right away; however, I fear that these improvements will not make up for the shortcomings in the present system.
It could be argued, however, that no - or only some - Member States possess legislation in this field, and that it is impossible to harmonize something that does not yet exist.
When I look at the ideological war which has been waged by the professional associations of doctors over the last few months, however, I am not entirely sure what this matter is about.
The problem of housing, which depends on each State, can be solved, however; all that we need is the political will to grant social housing the place and the means it deserves.
What we cannot support, however, is that in the process of establishing this information system and putting it into operation, in the legislative process that is necessary to bring the Convention into force, Parliament should as usual be sidelined.
Having regard to the link with the CIS under the above-mentioned regulation, however, the Commission will also manage the technical infrastructure of the CIS under the convention, whilst having no access to the data contained in this system.
I have to say to her, however, that it is doubtful whether it would be possible to apply Article 235 of the Treaty in practice since, like Article K3 it requires unanimity in the Council.
If the will exists, however, we can take positive steps and achieve more and more good results.
The problem that we still have, however, is what I would call the tension between Brussels theory on the one hand, and the reality of everyday life on the other.
We are strongly in favour of vigorous cooperation to combat crime, and of a common policy on asylum; however, we believe these can be achieved through the type of decisions provided for under the third pillar.
More serious than this enthusiasm however, is the fact that the rapporteur in several places recommends the replacement of national legislation with Union legislation.
All of this, however, requires open and productive dialogue, according to scientific criteria and guarantees for the levels of safety and for ordinary people's health.
This freedom, on both sides, must, however, be based on safety which only a thorough system of professional certification, harmonized throughout Europe, could guarantee.
Sometimes, however, the Committee on Petitions, as an institution, is completely misunderstood.
This study, by means of a questionnaire on the subject of whether television is harmful to children, may well be superfluous, however, since there are already 5, 000 of these studies throughout the world, so we could perhaps have made things easier for ourselves!
In the Spanish case, however, the Government is proposing a law making football a more important general interest than education or health, banning the cable television broadcast of the regular club championship matches at weekends.
There have, however, been clear shortcomings in the preparation of the directive.
Having said that, however, I do agree that this common position is an important step forward in the direction of improving and monitoring the health of European citizens, and I think we should vote for it.
I would, however, like to see it developed into a framework directive.
I can promise you, however, that I will pass on to her, word for word, the point that you have raised, and I hope that she will then react accordingly.
Mr President, excuse my lateness. I see, however, that my name is not on the list of members present.
In economic and monetary terms, however, quite a violent storm has blown up in Europe.
It should not, however, be forgotten that in periods of inflation the powerful and the rich can protect themselves against the ravages of inflation.
That is not, however, the only concept of the market.
The proposed technical devices for filtering programmes are not, however, without problems.
We have, however, to recognize that this is better than nothing.
No actions have been taken, however, to stamp out corruption, to make the taxation and scrutinizing authorities more efficient, to tackle tax evasion and to ensure that VAT that is due is paid.
We believe, however, that this would complicate the system even further. In addition, there is no guarantee that the principle of the neutrality of the tax would be safeguarded.
We can, however, certainly identify adequate common bases for the introduction of suitable regulations to support this sector.
Amendment No 1 could, however, be accepted as a recital, to take account of the joint declaration of 1 March 1995.
I am, however, able to accept Amendment No 16. In the final analysis, it makes the proposed text clearer.
The Commission will, however, continue to support thorough-going surveys of the economic position of the sector.
In neither place, however, would Europe be the loser, because we are certain that you will sustain your vigour and your progressive sense of purpose in all roles.
Where projects are equally excellent, however, priority should be given to trans-European networks or trans-European rail freight freeway-related proposals.
Tourism however has been abandoned. It must be given a title and a proper legal base.
In this case, however, there is an added dimension of unusual violence, of out and out vandalism.
This, however, was the carrot with which farmers and their organizations were persuaded to accept this agricultural reform.
Where we think it necessary, however, some regulations will be adapted to reflect changes in the economic environment.
From our viewpoint, however, this would be a major change which would not be consistent with the idea of continuity of the price proposal.
At that age, however, no distinction can be made between bulls intended for the bullring and other bulls.
I do recognize, however, that this kind of exceptional arrangement has always been granted in the past and would be compatible with the overall concept of this price package.
I do however accept that this change may cause local market problems when it is first implemented, so I shall pursue these reflections further;
This, however, does not solve the problem for 1998 and 1999.
The only effect of this, however, would be to postpone the problem until the 1999 budget.
By reducing the compensatory payments for arable crops, however, we achieve genuine savings in all future budgets.
It is very clear, however, that this simplification must not result in an increase in budgetary expenditure.
We do appreciate, however, that some countries - Austria and Germany, for example - do have justifiable claims for so-called non-traditional farming areas to be taken into consideration.
These changes do not however mean that there will be no real reduction in incomes affecting everyone equally, whether large-scale or small, rich or poor, but it is clearly the poor whose survival will be threatened.
It should be noted, however, that that evolution, positive in theory, is occurring to the detriment of the necessary democratic controls, by the European Parliament or the parliaments of the Member States.
I note, however, that Intergovernmental Conferences are taking ever longer to decide ever less, proving that a long time spent cooking does not guarantee a good meal.
I hope, however, it will be understood that this road spans a century and a new chapter of history.
Those gains must be held on to. At the same time, however, it must throw off the one-sidedness which has led us to the present levels of unemployment, poverty and social exclusion.
We are, however, concerned over how Article 7(2) of the Directive, the wording of which is not unambiguous, will be interpreted.
We are aware however of the indisputable importance of enlargement and the commitments made in this field, in particular in terms of the opening of negotiations.
In various other situations, however, the European Union has not been able or has not succeeded in contributing decisively to solving conflicts and tense situations.
We would wish, however, for our decisions too to be respected in the same way.
Mr Spencer's report, however, is practical and concrete, and that is precisely the basis on which we should address this subject.
But however good it is - be it the Scandinavian model whereby the minister appears before the relevant parliamentary committee on his or her way to the airport when going to a Council meeting and on his or her way back from the airport when returning from a Council meeting, a very intense form of scrutiny - or one of the other methods which have been developed, the fact remains that, however good that national parliamentary scrutiny is, it remains separate scrutiny by fifteen different national parliaments, each over one member of the Council.
I might still vote for the Neyts report, however, because it is even more beautiful than it is useless.
It is, however, inconceivable in Europe that we should come up against so many procedural problems which prevent mutual assistance in criminal cases.
The European Community's new approach, however, implies the organisation of structured negotiations with the United States which should in due time lead to an agreement aimed at setting up a common air traffic area.
At the same time, however, there are about 20 points which negate all of the helpful things that are said. The rapporteur deems them necessary as a means to promoting constructive cooperation between the European Union, in particular, and China.
I should like to say, however, that the Commissioner stated during the ratification process, that no further European legislation was at stake with accession to the WTO, other than the legislation mentioned at the time - and I supported that.
So far, however, I have not received an answer to my question.
It has not been possible to tackle these problems until now because of the situation in Greece, where no civil alternative to military service existed; as from this week, however, that problem too has been resolved - albeit in a somewhat questionable way - with the adoption of a new law.
We, however, shall have to turn round and tell them we have no money to give.
I can, however, assure you that the Commission will pay considerable attention to the outcome of your debates.
The package, however, entails additional costs of around ECU 170m in total.
It is a little more up front, however, when it says what that complementarity should actually consist of: the European Parliament should control the Community institutions, and the national parliaments should only control their respective governments.
In those areas where European cooperation should be strengthened, without communitarization being desirable, however, the national parliaments should be able to organize a network to take faster decisions than according to the classic intergovernmental procedures.
The closure of this facility, however, will mean the return of these children to the street gangs, the makeshift tents and the sewers.
What is typically Russian, however, and further complicates the situation is that there are rules governing the transfer of a person's residence to Moscow.
Do not think, however, that I am blind to everything that is wrong about Indonesia.
Having said that, I should like however to stress that the Commission will not omit in its proposals for collaboration between the European Union and ASEAN to stress this as an essential point.
That is not, however, sufficient, since items for meetings have to be approved by both parties before they are entered on the agenda.
Various examples of very constructive initiatives taken by the Russian authorities could be mentioned; however those centres are faced with an extremely difficult budgetary situation.
It is, however, impossible to get any significant Union support for this youth work.
Sport, however, must not be placed last on the school curriculum.
In education, however, sport has generally fallen victim to the need for cutbacks in recent times and has disappeared from the curriculum.
Because of the urgency of the situation there, however, we agreed, and in committee we were told that on Friday we would have the opportunity to hold a brief discussion on this subject.
In no way, however, is our group fundamentally opposed to financial assistance for Bulgaria and Macedonia.
Generally speaking, however, it is true that countries which take respect for human rights seriously also tend to respect the right to development in the broader sense.
We did not go along with Mrs Aelvoet, however, when she proposed an exhaustive list of the human rights whose violation would lead to aid suspension, since we think that the different situations of the beneficiary countries should be taken into account.
The way in which this group operates, however, is unsatisfactory in the opinion of my group.
The group of advisers, however, has done some intricate manoeuvring here, and is proposing only implantation in the womb, and I believe that this is not at all what the European Parliament had in mind.
I would also like to point out to Mrs Breyer, however, that this is not a motion from the Socialists and the European People's Party, but a motion from the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, and I would like to say that I very much agree with her assessment of the notorious recommendation No 9, and I regret the fact that what she said, some of which was justified, was not submitted in the form of an amendment to the Legal Committee's motion - because then we could have voted in favour of it - but was moved as a separate motion.
On the other hand, however, we also need a satisfactory, secure package, in order to be able to protect our interests in an international context.
What is important, however, Mr President, is the message which goes out to the Bulgarian authorities along with adoption of the report.
To be effective, however, those reforms are going to have to be universal, ambitious, socially sustainable and politically presentable.
Over and above that, however, the need for progressive structural reforms was emphasized by the G7, especially as regards the reform of the pension systems and the role delegated to the pension funds.
Since then, however, the truth is that the matter has been continuously blocked by the Council.
This appears however to be practically harmonized throughout almost all the Union and, in contrast, we have company law which is not.
In the case of any further data, however, we must achieve a reasonable balance between cost and added benefit.
We do, however, very much support the amendments approved by the Committee on the Environment which we believe usefully improve on the Commission text.
The ten-year solution, however inconvenient, is the one we must stick by.
The Commission will, however, do its utmost within the WTO context to ensure full recognition of the fact that European Community legislation can decide what level of protection it considers appropriate for its citizens.
In each case, however, it must be ensured that those experts will be chosen on merit and with objective criteria, and provision must also be made to subject them to some form of control.
Regarding project implementation I would, however, like to see a greater increase in staff levels among the people who must implement them here as opposed to increasing the members of NGOs, and preferably more cofinancing with the governments in the respective countries.
And there is more for me to talk about than just the Amsterdam summit, however important a milestone that was.
In the new Treaty, however, things are set to change, in that Parliament is given formal consultation rights and the right to adequate information.
There are also some indirect advantages, however, in that there is scope for further development in future.
We have, however, taken steps to avoid any risk of the fragmentation of the single market, by allocating the Commission a decisive role in the procedure.
The regulations are extremely complex, however, especially the protocols with the UK, Denmark and Ireland allowing these countries to remain on the sidelines when it comes to freedom of movement.
These aspects apart, however, the Amsterdam Treaty is hardly a cue for an ode to joy.
One very positive point however is the proposal by the French government for at last an important institutional debate on employment which will reach its culmination in Luxembourg - not just in rhetoric, I hope, but in terms of decisions.
What is more important than anything else, however, is that the achievement of a result in Amsterdam means that negotiations can be started with the Baltic and Central and Eastern European countries.
At previous key moments - the Single European Act, Maastricht - disappointment has been tempered by the feeling that, however slowly, Europe was moving forward and that its progress should be encouraged.
Thank you, Mr Gallagher, this is not, however, an item on the agenda.
The Commission must, however, endeavour to improve its collection of relevant information and make this information available to Parliament.
The most interesting aspect, however, is that of cooperation with developing countries, which Michel Rocard deals with in his report.
Mr President, Madam Commissioner, naturally I would like to express my thanks for the important work done by the two rapporteurs - both Mrs Péry and Mr Gallagher - however, I would like to thank Mrs Péry in particular for her work - not only for this report, but also for her past work on our Committee on Fisheries.
The document, however, has been on the table since Amsterdam; in other words, the countdown to the amendment deadline has been running since 30 June.
Everything relating to the basic elements of life gives rise to moral considerations. Yet, however questionable this exclusion of moral issues may be, it appears more questionable still to claim that - from the standpoint of consistency - the public interest is being defended when, in reality, legal instruments are being created which enable the industry to claim that it has invented natural processes and the circumstances are such that industry might gain a total monopoly of control.
In practice, however, legal protection is complicated by social, ethical, scientific and legal factors.
There is, however, nothing absurd about questioning the consequences of a decision of this nature, but the rapporteur was careful not to go into this.
Thirdly, if the genetically modified organism is a plant being cultivated experimentally and commercially, similar but unmodified plants should be protected. This, because transfers of pollen may take place, when as is quite natural, new varieties of the same plant will emerge which, however, may have different and perhaps undesirable properties.
As Greens we cannot and will not respond to this trend by advocating renationalization, but we certainly can take every opportunity, even before the appearance of the longoverdue European codes of conduct, to insist that steps, however small, be taken to curb this destructive tendency; this can be done by appropriate use of the Commission's right of initiative as well as by prudent application of the subsidiarity principle.
The situation of the consumer, however, has improved considerably.
In this case, however, 14 Member States agree with us that carrier preselection is very important for competition and for the consumer, especially, of course, because it reduces telephone charges.
Before that can happen, however, we need the goodwill of the Member States.
Admittedly, such a figure is difficult for those responsible for the budget to accept. It is, however, obvious that the Court of Auditors is, in fact, experiencing a shortfall in numbers of auditors.
It has not, however, taken the decisive step of actually classifying the listed items as non-compulsory expenditure.
The budget, however, will not yield an allocation of that size.
This does not however seem to be the meaning behind the proposals approved yesterday by the Committee on Budgets.
At the same time, however, it is essential that the Commission should provide its controlling bodies with the staff and equipment they require to perform their tasks efficiently.
At the same time, however, we must proceed on the assumption that at least some of the necessary posts can be obtained by efficiency savings within the Commission's own administrative apparatus.
The President did no more than confirm the existence of these options, which exist amongst others; however, the United Kingdom, before deciding upon any measure, has to approach the Commission which will at that time give its own opinion as to whether the measures could be discriminatory, proportionate or alternative, or not, as may be the case.
Mr Varela, I am not sure to what extent this is a point of order and not purely a point of semantics, however, at any rate, I have been lax enough to allow you to speak and I thank you for your information, as I have noted Mrs Bonino has thanked you, with her customary grace.
My concern, however, is that if some of the stories about Community instruments are true, the KONVER programme is likely to be lost.
This remarkable progress should not, however, make us lose sight of a major imperative: safety.
We therefore find it surprising that regionally based local bus services are not treated in the same way; however, it may be possible to correct this when we vote tomorrow.
I can assure the House, however, that this is already provided for in the existing text, and I therefore ask honourable Members to reflect on that, especially since on this rare occasion the wording proposed by the Transport Committee would not bring any greater clarity to the existing provision.
Even more importantly, however, the committee has also reached an agreed position on toll and user charges.
In my opinion, however, the fact that the Brenner motorway is specifically mentioned at this stage requires no special analysis or further argument.
As you know, however, it is late and we still have another two reports to discuss this evening.
In my view, however, it does not matter what we call the document which cites the wrongdoers and their wrongdoings.
Out of these 45 billion ECU, 7 billion will however be taken out to financial a pre-accession structural aid for all the candidate countries.
As far as the economy is concerned, however, and the fulfilment of certain criteria, while counting on the evolution of the various applicant countries in the future, in accordance with the findings of our own analyses, we have come to the conclusion that it is already possible, although none of the applicant countries fulfils the economic criteria at present, to open negotiations with some of them.
We also know that for Europeans, the respect of humans as individuals is a priority, that we must guarantee human dignity and, why not, animal dignity too, by avoiding however possible any attacks on the dignity of living beings by means of a failure to control biotechnological inventions.
What we wish to see, however, is a political Union inspired by a democratic ideal and backed by a project of civilization, for essential geopolitical reasons.
We shall examine very carefully what the Luxembourg presidency undertakes, and we shall support every step, however small, which is a genuine step away from the present misguided policy and sets a new course towards a different, more democratic, ecological and social Europe.
This method, although technically skilful in appearance, is not, however, foreseen by the Treaty and in any case would leave unsolved the problems which I mentioned earlier, giving the Member States the feeling of being trapped just when finally those problems should be dealt with.
Human rights do not improve however, President, political democracy and the rule of law are mere buzzwords, repeated almost as a mantra by the political elite in Turkey.
That new start, however, must be characterized by sincerity and a conscientious effort to improve the unacceptable situations in Turkey.
This urgency does not, however, mean that we should send money without discretion.
I should like to emphasize that I do, however, share your opinion about the contribution made by NGOs and charitable activities to a wide variety of sectors because they represent decisive contributions to relieving many sufferings, while enabling in certain cases whole swathes of societies in development to take their destiny into their own hands.
I think however that we should do all we can now to make sure that future elections are held in more democratic conditions.
It is however ready to ask for further information from the relevant Sri Lankan authorities, thanks to the means offered by the institutionalized dialogue.
Now, however, the difficulties to be faced by the new government are beginning.
We do regret, however, that this conciliation procedure has been unnecessarily protracted by the behaviour of the Commission.
My group, however, had great difficulty in accepting the Directive, principally because acceptance took the form of a statement by the Commission without prior notification of Parliament.
A simple aim which, however, has proved difficult to achieve.
As for the point in the Directive which refers to the type of waste, the green list which according to the commission contains harmless substances, many of which, however, are harmful to the environment and to public health, I consider it very important to take account of the list included in the Basel Convention and incorporate it in the proposed regulation.
The Commission has, however, decided to accept the second and the fifth amendments.
In the process, however, the advantages have been lost sight of to some extent.
In other areas, however, this will not apply, so it will not be possible to conclude such an agreement.
One thing, however, is clear: the discussion has not ended, because we shall take it up again, and not only with regard to the MED programmes.
I am afraid, however, that some misunderstandings may have crept in, perhaps as a result of the interpreting.
In the end, I voted against the Tillich report, however, for the following reasons.
These are, however, objectives requiring the safeguard of personal interests, with compliance with rules and a harmonization of criteria.
That will not provide a lasting solution to the problems of the Alps, however, and the issue will undoubtedly reappear on our agenda until a proper solution has been found.
I was surprised to note, however, that the wildest opponents of our tobacco producers were in many cases the very people who endlessly and enthusiastically argue in favour of liberalizing the selling of drugs in Europe.
We need to be assured of this cooperation, however, so that we can refute with facts the nonsense which has just been talked by the Austrian SDP.
We consider, however, that the existing regulation is already compatible with the use of sampling methods, and the amendments would only confirm existing practice.
That matter, however, can be clarified, as is said in what Parliament proposes, so that practical problems can be solved.
If a rate of 5 % is established, however, the increase provided for in the case of a transfer must also remain unchanged at 1 %.
The impact of climatic fluctuations on arable crop production, however, is now forcing us to adopt a policy of caution.
We shall abstain, however, because in our view it should be discussed in detail in the Committee on Agriculture before we start bringing forward such issues from Agenda 2000.
It does seem to us, however, that action in favour of employment would be more effective closer to the root of the problem, allowing broad scope for the initiative and responsibility of the local actors.
Economic programmes aside, however, internal political problems have repeatedly had a damaging effect on infrastructure, and Georgia and Armenia are no exceptions.
There is no doubt, however, that EU assistance can and must in principle be provided, as soon as the necessary conditions have been fulfilled.
We should stress, however, that we are not happy with this compromise and, indeed, cannot ever be happy with it, as long as we recall the stubborn and unreasonable attitude of the Council in recent years.
Certainly, however, the delegation can be satisfied with the more practical aspects of the agreement.
We should not forget, however, that cultural measures have a mainly indirect effect on employment.
We do not wish, however, to quarrel with the main planks of the compromise, agreed by the Telecommunications Council of Ministers last December, because I naturally see the following problems here: a) a majority decision, b) forcing the issue through in Council.
It is a fact, Mr President, that the common position of the Council has sustained certain positions and proposals of the European Parliament, which allow, to some degree, for the strengthening of the capacity of those public providers of postal services to offer additional services to the citizens of Europe, for however long the relevant regulations remain in force.
I should like, however, to make my position on this matter quite clear.
Mr Commissioner, as you well know, however positive the will, however resounding the declarations, regardless of whether you, as Commissioner, and we, as a Parliament, agree, if the appropriate funding measures and the necessary administrative structures to bring about coordination and enable evaluation of whether an action promotes equal opportunities are not guaranteed, I am afraid action to incorporate equality will remain an idea in the files of those responsible.
At the same time, however, long-standing prejudices and ideas about the participation of women in the creation and development of our society must be swept aside.
For real people, however, the word is sex.
A woman on the pavement as payment for a stolen car brings in far more money than a lump sum, however well invested, and this also sidesteps the difficulties of money laundering.
There is no European code of ethics, however, and there are no agreements at national level.
The draft budget, however, falls somewhat short in both respects.
The problem you present us with, however, is that you behave as though you were this European Union's radical savers.
The debate in this House has moved on a little, however, and I want to emphasize that for anyone who has not entirely grasped that fact.
The majority decided, however, not to support the wording that the ruling was unacceptable, and I made sure that the liberal group did not support that move either at that time.
As stated in the MOU, the financing of the reactor must take place on the basis of the least cost principle; however, in practice it has transpired that it is difficult to come to unambiguous conclusions on this point.
The report, however, did not contain any explicit reference to the two unfinished nuclear reactors.
Sweden does, however, have the right to take action against misleading advertising broadcast by the same TV companies.
Representatives of the private sector may, however, present their points to those consultative meetings of the Commission in which important new developments in legal regulations may be mentioned.
Concerning the wine sector, there is a proposal here for reform which we believe, however, should not be processed in its existing state.
The right financing after the introductory development phase can, however, be decisive as to whether new business are a success or a fiasco.
I feel, however, that we as a Parliament must be even franker, to try to change the immensely difficult situation in Algeria today.
At the same time, however, human rights must be maintained.
I must make a most heartfelt request to the Council and Commission, however, to find out if these rumours and accusations are indeed relevant, and how force can be more effectively withstood.
Just as in all crisis regions, however, like Ireland or other parts of the world, one must naturally take many steps to convince those who currently support the use of force that it is better to renounce it.
I am, however, very disappointed by the inconsistency of their statements in the face of such a tragedy.
In this context, however, the question of land will have to be negotiated.
It has to be, however, a democratic state and one free from corruption.
The remarkable thing is, however, that on the Palestinian side it is the friends of peace who have the political power and the peace saboteurs who are hunted by the police.
We should like to point out, however, that comprehensive treatment of all possible cases is not relevant in the legislative part and nor can it be incorporated there.
It has to be said, however, that we are already working on the basis for a permanent directive, whose ratification requirements would not be affected by this directive.
Some of the debate so far has shown, however, that we have quite different views on what an environmental organization actually is.
My principal criticism, however, concerns article 3.2 which indicates the criteria for selecting the activities in question.
Model calculations are only as good, however, as the assumptions on which they are based.
We do have, however, like the rapporteur, a few improvements to make.
We have a responsibility to future generations, however, not only to deal carefully with non-renewable natural resources, but also with that rare commodity, money.
I should like to propose, however, that an addition be made to my amendment, because that idea came from him.
The former is hardly new territory but some degree of progress can, nonetheless, be discerned, however slow that may be.
Once again, it is not the intention of the Presidency-in-Office to hide anything, however, I would wish this discussion to be withheld until after ratification, which will provide the necessary elements required.
Experience shows, however, that the Member States are not fulfilling their obligation to recover such sums.
And in this perspective, I would like to stress the significance of the role of local commerce in economic and social cohesion, and state my agreement with the provision of point 18, especially as regards information for those concerned, however long or short their experience of the meanderings of access to Community funds which might benefit them and which are essential if the weakest links in an indispensable network are to resist the dynamic of the competitive steamroller.
When discussing the single currency and its preparatory stage we should not forget, however, along with shop workers, bank staff who will be doing all the practical work leading up to the single currency, and this under the threat of future unemployment We would be taking it out of one pocket to put it in the next if we aided women's employment in retail and at the same time witness perfectly able women bank employees in their forties and fifties being relegated to the dole queues.
The Commission, however, encourages regional co-operation and condemns vertical development.
Our basic objective, however, was to give a brief presentation of the problems that preoccupy the whole of the commercial sector and, in this way, to play our part in facing the challenges that affect its future.
At the same time, however, we will seriously consider your suggestion about the drafting of a White Paper.
I would like to say, however, that we have learnt to live under these conditions and I believe that we will continue to live, so long as we always know that the contribution of each of us is positive at whichever level it is made.
What the European Commission, however, is looking to elaborate is a framework within which the representatives of small businesses will be able to express their opinions through the many processes that we are evolving, either in the Member States or at a European level.
As far as the Committee on Commerce and Distribution is concerned, however, I would like to remind you that this is made up of representatives of Chambers of Commerce that have been recommended in the European Commission by the national Chambers of Commerce, or of representatives of the trade associations of the Member States.
My question was, however, on the eastward enlargement, the Czech Republic and the introduction of certain legal and human rights categories into the process of eastwards enlargement.
I do not know if anybody said that, and I am not going to comment. What is clear in any case, however, is that the Bureau's decision does not mean that the administration wants to control anything.
There are, however, some improvements which we, despite criticism, must also praise.
During the debate in our committee we came to a point, however, where we had to make our positions plain.
Instead of at last taking the necessary steps, however, what does the Amsterdam Treaty do?
The K3 convention goes a step further, however, in that it conducts this limitation of citizens' legal rights by means of an international agreement.
The conditions of the previous extradition agreement have not, however, kept pace with these developments and are thus not efficient enough.
The truth of the matter, however, is that too many obstacles are put in the way of women taking the plunge into the pool of talent.
The Commission is prepared, however, to accept Amendment No 11.
It is important, and a prerequisite, however, that traceability is ensured and that only such direct marketers are involved as can produce clear proof that they include all veterinary regulations 100 %.
I do, however, agree with the criticism that the WTO is only considering free trade and is forgetting other important values.
These positive developments, however, do not change the picture that emerged during the negotiations.
Wherever it happens, the more it happens the better, without, however, actions that may lead to more violence.
Such crimes, however, were committed on all sides and, in any case, those who pay are just ordinary people and the weakest among them at that.
Such acts however cannot be used to justify the refusal to provide any genuine democratic structures or the failure to guarantee human rights.
It is possible, however, to see a glimmer of hope in this situation, as the Government has offered peace talks to the guerillas.
We should, however, note that on 4 September the army and paramilitary groups had already begun an offensive, including mass bombing of civilian targets.
The days of immunity from punishment, however, may now be over.
It is essential, however, to seek out and sentence those who were responsible for crimes during the dictatorship.
We cannot permanently connect this, however, to the question of the integrity of the Peoples' Republic of China!
I must admit, however, that since then his activities have rather escaped my notice.
I and my Party, however, should like to see this total ban remain undiluted.
The infantry mine, however, when used responsibly, offers an extra dimension to security, which cannot be compared, for example, with the situation concerning mines in former Yugoslavia.
If we really want to ban mines, however, then these anti-tank mines must be included. Furthermore, we must not allow any more funds to be invested in research, with which point I should like to come to a close: companies such as Diehl and Rheinmetall are developing the next generation, in which a single mine will cover an average area of 300 m2 , which makes it impossible to search for these mines.
We now do have BSE, however, simply because we paid too little attention to the method of production, and also because consumers established no channel for monitoring products in the shops, as they knew where the meat came from.
We do not have just this sales promotion, however, but an extension has been made within the framework of this regulation. This concerns the support given to the tagging of beef, its identification.
We know, however, that beef consumption has been in recession for years.
I believe, however, that the identification and traceability of beef products are all-important.
We appear not to be in agreement, however, about how this is to be achieved.
I consider this move to be a mistake, however, because it does not define the main point of effort sufficiently clearly.
The formulation of the system, however, is becoming a burning issue, as other speakers have mentioned.
World markets are, however, dominated to a large extent by the US dollar.
At your age, however, Mr Habsburg, you really should consider whether you ought to join the Green Party, because with your proposals you are not in good company with the Christian Democrats.
In general, Canada is, however, an important transatlantic partner for us with whom we share common values and aims.
In this connection, however, the meeting of the Ecofin Council held on 13 September last finally seemed to produce encouraging results.
Trails which could, however, open up of a path towards the building of a different Europe, the engine of which would be employment and social progress.
This preparation must, however, begin immediately and these efforts must include true structural reform.
For that reason, however, we must now go beyond the apparent conflicts which are dragging on interminably between the defenders of traditional concepts based on acquired practices and those who uphold inter-sectorial and integrated interests.
For the time being, we felt, however, that it was more sensible to gain experience before coming to a definitive decision that is based on the necessary information.
It must, however, be admitted that not all ratification laws have constitutional status.
We demand, however, that the primacy of Community law - despite my observations - should in future be written into the treaty.
At the same time, however, I am also very pleased for him because I believe the post he is going to take up - that of Advocate-General in the European Union Court of Justice - is one of law's most prestigious positions.
What we are looking for, however, and what is certainly not in any of the documents that we have seen is mention of parliamentarians having an exchange.
But here we are dealing with Laos, one of the poorest countries in the world, which, however, has no access to the resources of the European development fund.
At the same time however, on the minus side, it must be said that unemployment has reached a record level of 37 % in a short time, which shows that the economic measures have been very harsh.
It must be emphasized, however, that the agreement comprises a special provision and gives particular importance to social development and social rights, which is an innovative aspect of this agreement.
In view of the experience we have gathered, however, they must be revised, because they often continued to support a monoculture.
We will however vote in its favour, because of the positive will it clearly confirms for resolutely continuing our partnership with the ACP countries.
I would regard it as a first step, however, if the international transport duration for cross-border traffic were reduced initially to eight hours.
On behalf of farmers, however, I have to say that a complete switch from live transport is impossible, but that transport time should be kept as short as possible.
I am, however, quite sure that we will need new Commission regulations.
In view of the time available I shall not dwell on the general conditions - means of transport, staging points, the import and export of live animals: cattle, pigs, sheep and horses in particular - but as all these points I have listed relate to the welfare of animals during transport, whether they are destined for consumption by or the entertainment of human beings, as is the case with racehorses, I should, however, like to say that I agree with the resolutions of Parliament and the rapporteur's proposals - which I applaud - as these proposals are all valid ones.
The Convention on the Law of the Sea is, however, a very important agreement to save the marine environment and an opportunity for countries in the third world to assert their right to the sea on the same terms as the rich countries.
They should not, however, forget the massacres which already resulted from that struggle in the area in question, in Indonesia, for example, even before ASEAN existed.
It demands nothing of Indonesia, however, despite the fact that the country has been in continuous military occupation of East Timor for over twenty years, although the opinion, to do it justice, does call on Member States to respect the decision of the Parliament as regards the sale of arms to Indonesia.
This does not mean, however, that values which ought to be safeguarded can be abandoned, particularly in the economic and social fields.
That does not, however, remove the basic fact that man as a creation of God is worthy of protection.
It is not up to the EU to determine which countries in this region may or may not accede to ASEAN, however much trouble we have with the situation in some countries in the region.
The Council should, however, point to abuses in contacts with the ASEAN countries.
As a farmer, however, I should like also to say that animal suffering begins before transport.
He would have no difficulty in doing so, he tells us, and I think I can say that if France were involved there would be no difficulty in regarding the remarks, however regrettable they may have been, as not constituting an offence since they were made in the context of an election campaign.
In some respects we have been pioneers, and in some areas our technological achievements are very good. On the other hand however, we are once again faced with a set of problems, including: market fragmentation; a lack of cooperation in some Member States within some subsectors (in other words, inadequate liberalization of the sector in some Member States); and a lack of balance in our technological research and development.
I must say, however, that I am a little critical of Mr Hoppenstedt's resolution because it includes too many military aspects.
The Council disagreed, however, and said it was a judgement of Solomon.
On the other hand, however, we insist that the ensuing regulation must be correct and solve the problems adequately.
Having said that, however, it is also important to say that monopoly status must not be created for individual manufacturers at the expense of consumers.
I would like to make one point, however, in the hope that the summit will adopt it.
That does not mean, however, that either the regions or the states will be relieved of their responsibility for future employment policy. It is to do with creating added value.
Our broad support for this report must, however, be tempered by certain reservations.
Perhaps the most salient feature of this year's budget, however, is the package of budget lines that we have put together, worth some ECU 150 million in total, to assist in the jobs summit.
We must insist, however, that resolutions made at European level be retained even in respect of structural measures.
One is entitled to ask, however, whether or not this budgetary process shows that the European Institutions, the Council, Parliament and the Commission, are in possession of sufficient creative talent.
This means much higher increases than those of national budgets on which, however, budgetary constraints weigh much more heavily.
The Commission has, however, had to admit that the Union's own public procurement has not worked out as effectively as anticipated.
The Court of Justice has laid down these conditions, however, affirming that the possible exclusion of telecommunications from the directive on special sectors may actually take place when that sector operates under competitive market conditions.
With regard to standardization, this is taking place field by field; with regard to the possible introduction of new forms of guarantee, such as the performance bond, I think this is a good idea and we would have to ensure that it is not detrimental to the conditions of the small and medium-sized businesses; however, with a study of experiences, including America, I think that progress could be made in this field.
Perhaps, however, we should bear this in mind so that we can plan our work better.
From the practical aspect, however, while this solution may be attractive, it has the disadvantage in that it subjects technical matters to the judgement of political legislative bodies who are not equipped for discussions of that nature.
In any event, however, I would like once again to assure you that the experts will direct their efforts to this end in order to ascertain what exactly the future repercussions in Europe will be.
During the same period, however, we had to take a policy decision on the continuation of certain projects concerning the social economy.
In this case, however, and specifically concerning the Foundation for Osteoporosis to which you are referring, there was no such possibility since - and I repeat- the proposals had to do with public health and not social economy.
The European Commission could not escape from this framework, however much it wanted to.
We obviously hope this agreement will contribute towards the full accession of Slovenia to the European Union; we are, however, aware that the European Union consists of a delicate area, the Alpine area, afflicted by major problems, including environmental ones: it is not by chance that this agreement contains a specific reference to Slovenia and Austria and, with regard to goods traffic and road traffic, the eco-points system is specifically mentioned, and will have to be assessed and be subject to access between individual countries.
We are still faced with a general statement and one of principle on this point, however: we know, in fact, that, while Slovenia has already committed a substantial part of its budget to the construction of infrastructure, the remaining 50 % borne by the financial institutions has not yet arrived.
The Union's activities have undoubtedly speeded up considerably in the last twelve months; however, although on the one hand the action to strengthen the Union can only receive our applause and our support, we wonder whether the institutional and democratic establishment of the Union is adequate enough.
I would like to point out, however, concluding on the subject of expansion, that we very much appreciated the vote in favour of Mr Barón Crespo's resolution, which recognizes the principle whereby the checking and pre-accession procedure should be applied to all applicant countries at the same time as being more appropriate.
If we do a simple division exercise, however, we see that this works out at only ECU 8 for each unemployed person in Europe.
Within this new framework, however - and I am echoing the words of Mr Martens, whose political position and ideological views are completely different to mine - there is a need to ensure that Europe's foreign policy has a genuine identity.
There is no policy on growth; without it, however, the resources would not be produced to give rise to the development of possible new members and the current 15.
We must ask ourselves, however, if we really do have the means for this, and for that reason we must concentrate on a number of things.
When we approach expansion, however, we must be equipped with the right instruments for us to accomplish the tasks and responsibilities.
We were unable, however, to make the necessary decisions in the Amsterdam Treaty, so we must now prepare ourselves to see how we can nevertheless achieve our tasks and serve our mutual interests.
I shall not, however, debate the matter any further with you now.
The following points of criticism do, however, remain: firstly, it seems to me to be very problematical to decide who has really heavy burdens to bear in every case.
If one considers, however, that Sweden has accepted 60, 000 refugees, that is very much more when compared to total populations.
Visa limitation and the use of the basic regulation on third countries stand in the way of this, however, and must be de-activated in this case.
Hence the need for more developed, more refined regulations and the need to give a connotation to this new category of so-called "displaced persons' ; a category that is distinguished from that of refugees, those seeking asylum; a category to which a great deal of attention needs to be paid, however: in fact, we would not want this category to have been created, let us say, artificially, to avoid a term, which I appreciated a great deal in Mr Wiebenga's speech, the term "responsibility' .
As this concerns a moral responsibility, however, we believe that personal off-set has been too little mentioned in the report.
The most important point in this proposal, however, is the harmonization of the fundamental rights of displaced persons.
I should like to go one step further, however, because reality has shown us that problems arise here, for example, from the use by many criminals of this stream of refugees, the displaced persons , to enter the relevant country and to carry out their nefarious deeds there, whether they be weapon smuggling or drug dealing.
I still believe, however, that the real problem of personnel burden sharing will not be solved, for it is not primarily a question of finance, but of community solidarity.
We shall rely, however, on new improvements being produced in the Council, and we shall particularly rely on finding a solution in which the required objective is achieved at the second stage.
I wanted to put a question to the Commissioner, however, and that is why I rose to speak.
It is however responsible for ensuring compliance with the stipulated minimum quantities.
If that is not possible - and plainly it is not: even Mr Happart had to accept, however much he deplored it, that the Committee on Agriculture was prepared to accept 5 % of vegetable fats throughout the European Union - the fall-back position is to go to Mrs Thyssen who has had two bites of this cherry-flavoured chocolate already.
When it is maintained here, however, that there are some substances which are obviously worse than others, then I should like to know why.
If we believe, however, that the list of ingredients is not sufficient for this purpose, then I would ask you to introduce another consumer information regulation for all colouring agents and all other additives.
In the debate about chocolate, however, much more is at stake.
At all events, I think that we should get down to this task as quickly as possible, however complex it may be.
I must however draw the attention of the Honourable Member to the fact that the Council, as such, has no competency in this matter.
Before suspending the sitting, however, allow me to thank everyone present, including the interpreters and other parliamentary officials helping us this afternoon, for their patience in the face of today's delay.
We should not lose sight of the fact, however, that existing regulations - the 3rd Insurance Guideline, the BCCI guideline, and regulations in Company and Tax Law - already provide extensive supervisory powers to insurance supervisory authorities.
They are capable, however, of being useful in reaching the objective they set.
The participation of 20 % does not, however, represent any relevant value for the inclusion of parent companies.
The majority of the Committee, however, took the view that supervisory legislation to counter the effects of double gearing were only needed insofar as double gearing was a source of danger to insurance companies, and thus consumers.
The double booking of capital resources in insurance groups must not be regarded, however, as necessarily a particular danger, as it is the natural result of the separation of insurance lines of business in the interests of the consumer.
Various Member States, however, make re-insurance companies subject to their national regulations, individual supervision and group supervision.
The proposal does not, however, impose any requirements on the holding companies as such.
Something does not fit with this classification, however, because a collector with a databank gets the same right - or better - as a composer, a poet or a visual artist.
The Barzanti report seems to us, however, to be an important advance in this direction, with which we completely agree.
There has been criticism of the Commission's proposal, however, as it has not taken the trouble to make the technical necessity clear, nor to explain where the advantages to the consumer lie.
Finally, and I speak on behalf of my group, Mrs Breyer has put down a series of amendments designed to prevent the authorisation of new substances which have, however, received favourable notices from the Commission and from the Scientific Committee on Food.
The conclusions in the joint declaration are, however, curiously illogical.
Today I have to ask myself, however, if the Council really wants that too.
We protest most emphatically, however, against the "Herod Premium' contained in the budget, which is a payment for the killing of new-born calves.
This does not mean, however, that we think the EU should begin to conduct an active labour market policy.
There must be within Yugoslavia, however, a solution achieving real autonomy and real maintenance of human and civil rights.
I have something to say against it, however, and that is that insufficient differentiation is made between the Slovak peoples and their current tyrants.
The Gaulieder case, the question of minorities, the treatment of the opposition, the election laws and one or two other things give cause, however, for considerable doubt.
It is my group's view that we first have to take these steps before moving on to the initiatives proposed in the resolution - however sensible these might be in the future.
I do find the resolution a little one-sided, however worthwhile the suggestions it contains.
The effectiveness of the measures which will be decreed depends on us being consistent, but we must bear in mind that however coercive they are, these measures cannot be totally impermeable.
We should on no account forget the risk, however, that the print media could be increasingly pushed aside and dominated by modern media.
This has less to do with the advance of new media, however, as with the trend towards print media concentration.
However, I would like to stress that he himself, and all of us, I believe, recognise that there is a great deal of confusion in our analyses, however essentially profound, theoretical and concerned they may be.
At the same time, however, this new technological development turns the usual situation in which the State can in some way control the content of the information on its head.
During the debate within the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights concerning the Commission's proposal, however, I had to listen with regret to reports from other long-established Member States and discover that the situation there is not much better.
Natural production conditions, environmental limitations, animal welfare criteria and animal health regulations in the EU mean, however, that our domestic beef product is less good value than that from the Argentine or the USA.
Until that time, however, conditions for the animals during movement must be improved.
For us to stop all cattle exports, however, would require the EU to support two things.
If it cannot accept it, however, it is because the exporter may not be able in every case to demand such a certificate from the receiving country.
It will, however, take heed of them in the implementation regulations.
The final objective of a thoroughly overhauled common agricultural policy must be, however, to reduce state or Community intervention to zero.
In this report drawn up by Mr Rehder, however, the technical proposals also seem to us to be balanced, the measure with which it is intended to face the serious matter of surpluses which, as we all know, is one of the hardest undertakings to propose to, rather than to impose on, the Member States.
I do feel, however, that we must discuss this again, and that we must approach this market issue in a fundamental way.
How can we reproach producers for utilizing the resources of a system, however worthy of criticism it may be?
It does, however, consider its own wording, referring to the situation and not just the measures, as more suitable.
It is of the opinion, however, that the trees to be grubbed up and the measures for preventing replanting should be defined as in the previous Council Regulation or its comprehensive implementation regulations, and it therefore rejects Amendment No 3.
I would expressly like to assure Parliament, however, that everything will be done to reach a rapid decision.
A number of people are asking to speak, however, and I am going to give them the floor.
It is, however, evident that those attacks on those occasions are considerably different from those being experienced in the current dispute.
I was brought up to believe, however, that solidarity is indivisible and I am sure he would want to extend his solidarity to those drivers from several nationalities now stranded in France and enduring very difficult conditions.
Apart from direct protection for victims, however, other protective action is needed.
Although praiseworthy, the new budget heading proposed by Parliament - B3-4109 N, for ECU 3 million - to promote programmes to combat violence against children, adolescents and women does however have a peculiar structure which does not correspond exactly with the action plan agreed in Stockholm.
Wathelet is, however, also politically and personally one of the main persons responsible for the complete decay of justice in this country, in Belgium.
I would, however, have liked to see a clearer statement in the report that the European Commission will continue to be solely responsible for negotiating agreements with non-EU countries.
There are, however, other aspects of the report that merit detailed discussion.
To this challenging of national quotas was added absolute priority for the processing sector, wrongly regarded as a replacement activity for the decrease in the number of fishermen, and the absence of any effective measure of support for the market in fresh fish, essential however to the life and business, including tourism, of our coastal regions.
Secondly, it offers some positive incentives for those involved to withdraw from fishing. But, however powerful the incentives may be, they do not solve the problem.
I would, however, like to point out that this is not a directive about a reversed burden of proof, but a directive about a shared burden of proof.
Whilst acknowledging this positive aspect, however, it should be stressed that this explicit recognition in a legislative text represents an advance which will not be realized in practice, because the orchestration of the legal measures to be adopted in order to eliminate discriminatory practices goes only half way and is floundering in ambiguity.
I am sure that nobody in this House questions the purpose of the programme, for simple political reasons. In the seven years of its existence, however, its poor implementation has frequently been criticized, without - until now - the Commission having proposed effective remedies.
If the end result does not improve, however, it will unfortunately have talk about reallocating those funds to another programme.
We do, however, wish to maintain the flexibility to put in funds where they are needed in order not to grant any particular country preferential treatment.
A majority in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy rejected it, however, so I myself have gone for the compromise amendment which now proposes a compound of nickelfree stainless steel and nickel bronze for the coins in question.
Coins are, however, not jewellery that comes into contact with the skin throughout the day.
There is, however, another problem which people perhaps have not thought of. It is the issue of equality and class.
The Commission, however, shares Parliament's concerns about the need for a reliable and effective system and about the acceptability of the system to everyone in the Union.
Mr President, I support the Commission's motion to continue with Altener 1. There are, however, parts of the report I cannot agree to: for example, the dichotomy of renewable energy sources and research into nuclear fusion.
We believe, however, that certain of the amendments concern the White Paper on the Community strategy for renewable energy sources rather than the Altener programme itself.
We believe that the second part of Amendment No 12 can be incorporated into our proposal, with the exception however of the reference to the promotion of technology, simply because this has more to do with the actions that are evolving within the framework of the Thermie programme.
We agree, however, with Amendment No 22 and we will incorporate it with the appropriate reformulation of article 2.
The Dutch experience does, however, indicate that it is possible to find compromises between both systems.
One of the main problems in Europe today, however, is that we are using far too much energy.
The dark threatening cloud however has a silver lining.
The report is very good, but I cannot support paragraph 1, which contains the following: ' regret, however, that the treaty still requires unanimity for Council decisions on social protection and tax policy.'
We will, however, try to receive him here at the most appropriate moment possible.
When we look at reality, however, and not just at the printed word, there is rather more to say.
So the proposals from the Commission and Council remain, however much I regret it, pure propaganda as long as they are not followed by definite measures.
It is not enough, however, to submit a good proposal such as that of 1 October.
I should also like to say, however, that we must approach all these problems undogmatically.
Secondly, environmental protection measures should come first of all from the industrially developed countries. The problem is a global one, however, and cannot be resolved without also involving the developing and recently industrialized countries.
The Commission has made several proposals for programmes - Thermie II, Synergy, Save II - which were, however, not accepted by the Council or provided with adequate funding.
Just as obvious, however, is the fact that people just do not want the use of this type of energy to be increased or extended.
The prerequisite for that is, however, the democratization of Turkey, respect for human rights and a political solution to the Kurdish problem.
That comparison falls short, however, as the Joint Committee deals with a defined, limited sphere, namely customs unions and certain provisions on intellectual property.
Member States point out quite correctly, however, that the detail of education does not fall within the competence of the European Union.
The Commission's proposal is primarily aimed, however, at giving students and teaching staff information about courses on offer, course aims, and diplomas available at universities in various Member States.
It has been said, however, that networks can be set up within the existing proposals for electronic networks in Socrates and Leonardo, and for that reason I welcome the proposal.
In order slightly to reduce the obligations in the proposal, however, I have replaced some of the executive measures with less compulsory terms.
The encouragement of quality assurance and cooperation between centres of higher education, however, can only function on trust.
Those States, however, administer 80 % of European funds and the European budget.
I am giving one more vote to the culling plan which is proceeding with guarantees of appreciable scientific safety; however, I am giving one less vote to the quantity commitment made by the United Kingdom in this operation: with only twenty-three slaughterhouses and seven incinerators, it will take ten years to dispose of the number of heads to be slaughtered, as indicated by the European Union.
As President of the Commission, however, I can but rejoice to note that an ambitious and fundamentally necessary objective has been achieved.
Everyone is very pleased with the separation we have been able to establish between the legislative powers and the control structure; I would however like to point out to you that this is not the methodology followed by the majority of Member States.
We should ask ourselves, however, if we as a Parliament have sufficient instruments at our disposal to carry out this control duty continuously.
Most important, however, is that we should have a change in agricultural policy which gives us good food throughout the EU.
Perhaps if we can be a bit more progressive and rather more flexible about this, we can have a voluntary arrangement between companies and trade unions which will enable them to enjoy the fruits of worker involvement, however far they want to take that.
As a result it is necessary to promote measures for the defence of those who nevertheless will work under part-time or atypical work agreements. Above all, however, an obstacle must be placed in the way of the anti-labour logic of the push to make flexible employment common practice.
For investments of this type, however, I would like to question whether or not it would have been logical to have carried out a tougher environmental inspection in the light of the EU's requirements.
Our problem is that we must make fixed rules, and however much I understand every individual with his imaginative arguments, I think we would all be in an awful mess if we did not keep to preset criteria.
Such a policy does, however, lead to the erosion of low wages, and most certainly to an undermining of the standard of living of the people.
The Commission will, however, monitor the implementation of the directive to ensure, in particular, that derogations concerning objective measures and casual work are strictly limited to those notions.
The EPP does however have a problem with one aspect of the proposal.
Returning to the subject, however, it has to be said that individual national policies also form part of the European policy of cohesion.
In its essential internal policy, however, the EU had not acted in the spirit of article 130b. For example, EU policy on traffic, competition, science and research has focused its influence more on the economy than on the enhancement of solidarity.
Reports do not always contain everything we would like them to, of course, but in this area we need consensus. I know very well, however, that consensus is difficult to achieve, because as Mr Izquierdo Collado knows, I was the rapporteur for the Committee on Regional Policy's first report on the future of economic and social cohesion.
There are certain occupational groups, however, which have until now been excluded from this right due to specific de facto circumstances.
What interests me above all, however, are the methods which the Commission is intending to adopt in order really to include those who are suffering hardship in this respect, without using the standards of our society as a yardstick for what we believe to be good for women in developing countries.
Because we believe that the situation in Iraq could, in fact, change at any moment, and any resolution we submit tomorrow could be superseded within an hour; however, we think it is necessary for us to be well acquainted with the Security Council resolutions, in unabridged version.
At the same time, however, it is a Community based on values.
On this point the report underlines the crucial steps that have contributed to the European issue without, however, suppressing omissions and errors.
Processes of unification must, of course, lead to deeper understanding, which, however, must respect national constitutional governments.
Allow me to mention two examples: the transition from the principle of unanimity to the principle of majority voting during the taking of decisions in the Council is necessary chiefly because of the projected enlargement, At the same time, however, this transition is meaningless if we do not maintain some basic exceptions in support of the principle of unanimity in constitutional matters.
In terms of foreign trade policy, however, we have been disappointed to the point of humiliation. The Commission in particular has been humiliated.
Whether the treaty will succeed will depend primarily, however, on the way the Member States and European institutions implement it.
I must, however, point out that, in essential areas which are important for the functioning of the single market, the codecision procedure is not guaranteed.
This treaty, however, has failed to meet the aim of providing the groundwork for enlargement.
Our vote is certainly not binding in legal terms; it is, however, a political vote and Parliament, aware of the role assigned to it by the Treaties, has the duty to remain in its own field, which we consider inadequate and insufficient in relation to the objectives aimed at.
It is, however, known to all those concerned that this agreement was not reached without a fight.
There are, however, a number of paragraphs in the report with which we cannot agree.
I am, however, surprised by the turn which the reading of the Amsterdam Treaty has taken.
The weaknesses that have been pointed out must not lead us, however, to feel disappointed and to condemn the treaty, nor to underestimate its advantages.
So-called globalization has, however, meant a change in direction.
The working party reforms gained at Amsterdam will not, however, provide nourishment for expansion.
You cannot fail to approve their report and the treaty: every small step forward, however small, is always progress and deserves appreciation.
It is not necessarily completely consistent with my own approach, however, and my colleagues know this well.
We should not deceive ourselves, however, into thinking that the progress is too slight when measured against the demands that this House makes.
Without being - and certainly not wishing to be - churlish, I would, however, like to suggest that he adds one thing to his list, which appeared to be omitted, and that is the suggestion that there should be much closer cooperation between the competition authorities on this side of the Atlantic and those on the other side, notably the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission.
That, however, is not our advice to the Member States.
Before giving the floor to Mr von Habsburg, however, I shall use the powers invested in me by the Rules as President in the Chair to place on record my congratulations to him on his eighty-fifth birthday and my recognition of his work in Parliament.
Mr Wohlfart, you can, of course, arrange a meeting with Mrs Hulthén afterwards. As President, and also speaking as a doctor, however, I wish to say that the appearance of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is an indisputable fact.
This is the fault of this House, however, because they are issued by the Council in good time as I understand it.
It should be said, however, that there would not be a great deal of sense in not having high employment mobility precisely when the single currency is appearing on the scene.
Discussion with the citizens, Mr Florio, is certainly, by definition, always insufficient; however, the "Citizens of Europe' Citizens First operation, conducted with the support of this Parliament, is perhaps the first major specific experiment: as you know, over a million citizens have made contact with this operation, by telephone and via the Internet.
These amendments do not seem appropriate to us in this context, however, as they do not relate directly to the directive on construction products, which is the object of Mr Langen's report.
It is the Member States, however, who will collect the main share of indirect taxation and duty.
With regard to the directive on data protection in the telecommunications sector, however, there was such an enormous difference between the proposal submitted by the Commission in 1990 and that submitted six years later by the Council and the Commission, that I raised the possibility in the Committee on Legal Affairs of asking to be consulted again.
At the same time, however, the justified interest of the Member States in protecting public security and order has been taken into account in the new derogation.
Large businesses already have the necessary means of obtaining good quality telecommunications services at competitive prices; for small businesses and residential users, however, it is more difficult to obtain the benefits of competition, even on the liberalized markets.
Under such circumstances we cannot be expected to give a Commission proposal serious consideration, however urgent it may appear to be.
At the same time, however, the Internet and other electronic contact networks for business and monetary transactions provide organized crime with new opportunities.
It is, however, necessary to close the loopholes in the Unionʼs legal systems that are exploited by organized crime.
We must, however, define these crimes in the same way and there must be reasonably similar minimum penalties for these.
The plans do, however, establish a connection with the structural funds as a means of improving the ability to fight crime in the city.
After Mr Orlando's speech, however, I have to ask myself if the Mafia issues a multilingual glossary of legal terms.
For all other subjects to do with intensification, however, we saw at Amsterdam that we have a five-year deadline, at the end of which there has to be a unanimous resolution for transfer to the Community framework.
In making compromises, however, that is, when defining what is achievable now, we must show more courage.
It is essential, however, that this criminal code be established to cover the field of organized crime and complicity in organized crime, otherwise we shall remain unsuccessful in the battle against it.
In all these activities, however, the Union must pay constant attention to respect for legal and democratic principles and human rights - above all, fundamental freedoms, as interpreted by the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
Constitutional procedures, however, require a precise knowledge of what the phenomenon of international crime consists of, and against whom one has to take steps.
We shall, however, be voting against the Cederschiöld report in the final vote, since we are advocates of a serious fight against international crime involving strong cooperation from Interpol.
That is not organized crime. It may also be, however, that a group of specialists has been flown in to work the city systematically, stealing credit cards, and by evening they are sitting in their aircraft again over the Atlantic whilst couriers take the cards to other parts of the world, where they are used.
We do have ideological reservations, however, on the indictment of artificial persons and in contrast to Mr Bontempi we believe that for democratic reasons a treaty between nations would be preferable.
It should be recalled, however, as pointed out by our rapporteur and then taken up by Commissioner Gradin, that there is a weakness in identifying the causes and all the strategies of prevention.
Legal limits, however, are being defended with great vigour.
I would, however, like to have that included in the Minutes.
The first conclusion must be that work in this field must be intensively continued, regardless of the threat from the Amsterdam Treaty It will, however, have difficulty keeping the new legal instruments of the Amsterdam Treaty directly in its sights, because it is possible that modifications will have to be made after the effective date.
I must add a comment addressed to you, however, when I say that we shall have to make some effort so to organize our deadlines that we do not delay the progress of procedures.
That does not alter the fact, however, that the priority list - Mr Rothley called it a collection for bits and pieces - has no apparent theme.
This does not, however, mean that the Member States are at this point in time committing themselves to any set time-frame for such harmonization.
I am, however, opposed to centrally determined forms of judicial cooperation, where the main aim is a harmonization of the legislation.
One must be aware, however, that this was just an emergency repair.
A democratic opening would make the way clear, however, for cooperation with the neighbouring states of Benin, Burkina Faso, Ghana and Ivory Coast, who are all already several stages further along the road to constitutional government, recognition of human rights and education of a pluralist society.
Skilled psychologists, famous sociologists and eminent MPs try to convince us that this is not happening to any greater degree than in the past, but we just hear about it more through the media; however, this is a pitiful and awful lie as so many cases of violence to minors have never taken place in other periods of history.
As a result of our experience with Mr Meciar, however, we should restore the matter at once, were the Parliament's resolution not to be obeyed.
On this occasion, however, I should like to say on behalf of my group that we shall withhold our signatures and also vote accordingly.
This, however, is only one of the cases of land being distributed and then returned to a former owner.
Madam President, the problem of the Chittagong Hill Tracts is not well known, however it concerns a large region which is relatively well populated; this is a region which, we could say, has been somewhat abandoned by the world, and in which for long years, perhaps thirty or forty, in fact since the partition of India after the war, a problem has existed which has never been confronted with the desired strength and will.
It is, however, totally unacceptable that the land rights of the indigenous population should not be fully recognized.
At the same time, however, I should like to underline the admirable solidarity that not only the authorities but the people of Estremadura, and the Spanish population as a whole, have shown in the face of this tragedy.
It is not the intention, however, for Member States to be brought closer by means of unified legislation, but by learning from one another by example.
We should recognize that what is bothering us is not directly linked with this agreement, but the agreement is however the point of reference at the moment in Europe, especially as regards the movement of people.
A unanimous Council decision blocked this, however, in the form of the so-called permanent national reservation, Mr President of the Council, but nevertheless, one is on the way to communizing the laws on asylum.
In the final event, however, it will be of no avail if we do not take communizing steps in those areas where the European Union does not need increasing cooperation between states, but its own European laws.
I think, however, that Mrs Zimmermann has pointed out the right path, not just in her speech, but in her excellent report.
Those who put the funds to good use, however, will be rewarded.
For this, however, the medium term use of funds by Member States would also be taken into consideration.
All that only has any point, however, if Member States pass the necessary structural funds laws, including the social fund laws, in good time.
These points were, however, removed or at least blunted by compromise solutions.
I must admit, however, that assessment of the various measures was difficult.
This question is not entirely new, as the Council has blocked this decision, which is however fundamental, since 1996.
The guarantee fund would act as a booster, and would stimulate investment in this sector, where the risks are high, but without however - and this should be emphasized - placing a long-term burden on the European Union's budget.
During the year, however, the simultaneous opening of many fisheries was proposed in different regions close to the Antarctic continent.
I think I have responded to a series of problems; I hope, however, that the considerable effort we are making to provide Parliament with constant information is recognized.
In politics it is sometimes necessary to make clear decisions, however tempting it may be to let a certain ambiguous situation continue to exist, and this serves a justified political aim.
However critical we may be, however dissatisfied with so much, and our citizens even more so, it is nevertheless the best possible sign for a community when, really, all those inside it want to stay there and all those outside it want to come in. That is what our neighbours want and we should help them.
I am, however, happy to see that Parliament has not been satisfied with this technical approach.
From the outset democracy in Hungary was taken for granted, and it was fortunate for Hungary that following liberation the free elections brought to power first a conservative government and then a left-wing government which, however, represented uniform views and worked together on the basic issues facing the country.
Making good use, however, means that in this extremely decisive question for the future, policy cannot be made over the heads of the people concerned.
Despite the statistics, however, these countries are not considered to be developing countries as far as their educational systems, health care arrangements and existent infrastructure are concerned, although they are in pretty poor shape in many respects.
At the same time, however, and this is of crucial importance, the Committee stresses that intensive negotiations should quickly be taken up with those countries which have progressed furthest with their reforms.
We are however acting as if it could irrespective of whether or not that is in the interest of the Union or in the interest of other states.
Not because the potatoes in Poland were of poorer quality but because we subsidize them with 50 pfennigs per mark or with half an ECU per ECU, which the Poles, however, are actually in a position to subsidize 15 %.
And we have the impertinence to demand protection of the Hungarian minority in Slovakia, protection which is, however, quite evident, or protection of the Russian speaking minority in Latvia.
This does not mean, however, that we can allow Turkey to worm its way stealthily into the European Union.
There should however be no sudden cutting off of structural funds.
We shall all, however, have to keep a careful eye on this so that it does not remain a mere hope.
We therefore support it, however convinced we may be that it remains necessary to proceed in a clear and precise manner.
We wish to emphasize that this enlargement must not, however, jeopardize the balance we have spent so much effort in achieving throughout the history of the building of Europe.
Although the single currency is an instrument, however, an unequal instrument will not create equality, a retrograde instrument will not aid progress, and an instrument with no real objective capacity for competitiveness will not make anyone competitive.
Article 13 determines that the European central bank is committed first and foremost to monetary stability, but supports the European economic policy and the ECU and at the same time pursues the aims of the treaty, These conditions however are meaningless if there is no concrete European economic policy organized on an obligatory basis.
It also contains, however, the urgent appeal to Belgium to make better use of structural resources in future.
Let me, however, refer to one thing, which is important: these are problems stemming from the period 1990 to 1993.
He does say, however, with regard to the Christian-Democrat amendments, that we should not interfere in small and medium-sized enterprises.
There is, however, a huge gap between insight and the action needed.
The problem is however, that the agreements with the Council of Ministers are not legally binding, not enforceable.
In regard to the seriousness and urgency of the growth of this modern form of slavery, however, this is but a drop in the ocean, and the ministers for home affairs and justice need to act quickly at national level.
This is not possible, however, if a worldwide agreement, namely the Universal Postal Agreement, is employed to deal with the issue of terminal dues.
What the Commission must not do when preparing the directive, however, is gear its speed to that of the snail mail.
There is, however, a relatively minor problem concerning the revenue amendments referred to in paragraphs 24 and 25 of our report.
We are, however, delighted by the results of Socrates in particular, and recognize the hard work done on our behalf by the Budgets Committee.
The most important aspect, however, is that this budget will have an effect beyond its particular year, since it involves institutional changes which will continue into subsequent years.
Mr Giansily -he is not here unfortunately, I do not see him - however much I might agree with him on Bosnia, my view alters when I look at the proposal for the ECSC budget.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, however attached we may be to harmony between nations, we do not underrate the common European good.
There is no reason, however, to draw the European Commission into the partnership as suggested in the report.
Our satisfaction in this respect is not total, however, as the list of the decisions of the Council also includes far too many resolutions which are not subject to our oversight.
Here, however, was a document with substantial consequences, involving the right to live in a family situation.
The Commission appropriation of ECU 16.3 billion for the duration of the framework programme means in absolute terms a marked increase on the fourth framework programme; in relative terms, however, it means a standstill. This cannot be gratifying to us.
As elected representatives of the people, we do, however, witness the difficult budgetary situation everywhere in Europe.
This intelligent conception of Community R&D policy, however, has the effect of limiting in many areas the opportunities for this policy to increase its contribution to cohesion.
I would emphasize, however, that so far as the distribution of the funds between the actions is concerned, the degree of over-concentration on the first action is frightening countries like Portugal.
If the rapporteur's proposals are accepted, however, I would still emphasize the need for detailed examination of the programme and monitoring of the expenditure.
We can only make things available, funds, ideas; whether the Europeans, Europe's researchers, make use of them, however, is up to them.
The Commission emphasizes, however, that an effective control of the application of Community law also requires a reinforcement of the controls at national level.
The Member States, however, must also fund these additional costs.
There is, however, no inconsistency within Community law since other Member States have decided not to use the derogation for minibuses.
It means, however, that UK minibuses may only benefit from the exemption when they operate within the territory of the United Kingdom.
Mr President, they might have only one language in the House of Commons, there are however a variety of accidents which from time to time cause difficulty with understanding.
It is, however, incorrect to state that the service has had to close down.
I would like to point out, however, that the decisions on Euratom loans is not within the province of the Commission, and that it will be taken on the basis of a broad range of internal analyses and external studies from competent institutions.
One of them, however, is that there has been such tough competition with state subsidies from other countries that Sweden has not been able to maintain a shipbuilding industry.
Until then it is, however, quite reasonable to continue with a certain amount of state subsidy so that the industry is not wiped out.
We do however, question whether private operators should receive state aid to maintain the requirements of a service when they have benefitted from its privatization.
I can therefore be brief. I would not want to fail, however, to pay homage to Jean-Claude Juncker personally - and via him to all of the presidency team - for the way in which they have conducted the work, in Luxembourg and before.
The resumption of normal diplomatic relations must not, however, lead us to forget our deep differences over certain aspects of Iranian policy.
Much diplomacy was needed throughout the last few months to consolidate the unity of views amongst the fifteen without, however, losing contact with the American administration on the 15 October deadline.
I would like to state, however, that I am against subsidies for olive oil growing as such.
It has in fact worked on the squaring of the circle, for it was necessary to respect national jurisdiction in the area of employment, not to increase budgetary expenditure and, however, to define precise measures and above all to commit credits which we were able to clear in the European Union budget thanks to the collaboration of the European Parliament.
I think that the European Union must maintain a cool-headed, unequivocal and unshakeable position, especially when it is faced with provocative actions such as those of Minister Tselembi when he says that they will boycott European businesses, with the exception however of the United Kingdom, which will hold the presidency, France and Italy.
We would like to be in a position to carry out serious work from the start, on condition, however, that we do not find ourselves once again on the margins of the debate. The poor comments of some political forces, in some of the larger Member States, have resulted in the smaller states turning against them, rebelling, and not being able to reflect with the desired calm, tranquillity and serenity, on these questions.
According to our group, however, there is an urgent need for changes in the common agricultural policy, and the 1996 Court of Auditors report sets out several problems including that of cohesion.
This is an area which is of great significance to Europe and to which Europe is already paying a great deal of money, without however this being offset by political presence.
We should please not forget that, however angry we are about what Mr Meciar does, does not do or fails to do.
Corsica has thus been given the means to fight effectively against the fires which have so ravaged it over the past few years, without however setting in motion a frantic course towards yields and production, all of this within the framework of mixed farming and the diversification desired by the European authorities.
In fact, it would appear that the current olive oil COM problems are the result of the Commission's unhealthy imagination; unfortunately, however, we know that that is not the case.
We are not enamoured by the tree aid, as if it were the miracle cure to all evils; we believe, however, that, rather than reject it initially, accusing it of intentions which do not actually exist in the Commission's document, it would be better to discuss it with judgment and clarity.
Beyond the contingent problems, the olive oil sector may expand and develop; however, we should not simplify the answers to complex problems.
I would like to say, however, that there is an important point, and I will conclude with this.
European production represents 4.6 % of world production and only meets 40 % of domestic demand; however, the quality is clearly superior, at least for that consumed in Europe.
At this moment, however, something more repulsive is appearing in the modern world: passive smokers suing the big tobacco multinationals for compensation for the damage they have suffered from passive smoking.
Unfortunately, however, I must totally disagree with him as far as protection of animals in the agreement is concerned.
Mr Pimenta suggests, however, that the agreement be quashed, because it is not perfect.
It should be pointed out, however, that, for over twenty years, the cofinancing of NGO projects has operated very well, even without a specific legislative regulation.
I am, however, convinced that cooperation with non-governmental organizations can be made more efficient.
We cannot allow verbal attacks, however aggressive, to lead to actual physical violence.
I would however like to say that it seems we are now about to vote, without a break, on an extremely important subject: the budget.
I should however like the following point to be brought to the attention of the Bureau.
I do not mind being told, in so many words, that I am of no account and quite useless, but I would however like to ask the Bureau to examine the Commission's attitude to a question, which it would not actually have cost much to answer!
I hope, however, that the Commissioner will also pay proper attention to the safeguards and reasonable limits imposed by Parliament's amendment.
At the same time, however, I have to point out that the numerous delegates from the European Parliament and the national parliaments who were present at Kyoto must cooperate more closely on this issue.
I do not believe this is the way to treat democracy in Albania, however unstable it may be.
I do not want to believe that these were the intentions of those who drew it up, however impartially this was done.
There is a difference of interpretation on one point, however, with regard to coordination, to which I would like to draw your attention.
Our colleagues, however, MPs and representatives of non-governmental associations in these other countries, have told us of the positive results and the drawbacks.
A European Union which, however, is not managing to provide the necessary transparency to make its overall effort for the promotion of human rights as visible as possible.
What we should be careful of, however, is to start seeing benchmarking as the miracle cure which releases us from all economic problems, such as unemployment, declining productivity, and reduced growth.
Public authorities can, however, help in the promotion of such investment.
On the other side of the coin, however, it can be said that where there is a will for collaboration, or at least where the chance exists for developing one, then the Community can make a useful contribution.
Also underlying this, however, is the question of what changes should be brought to the remit and to the work of the Commission in the former Yugoslavia.
Mrs Müller is however right to point out the existence of a flaw in the CFSP.
If the intergovernmental nature of the CFSP is really, as we believe it is, a necessary condition in order for it to be in touch with reality and efficient, the priority is therefore, above all, to preserve its intergovernmental nature, its control by national parliaments and therefore, to set up a method of funding which is coherent with it, without however, increasing the overall amount of expenditure devoted to the CFSP by the various Member States.
Personally, I am in favour of this oral amendment, however I have considerable reservations about the report as a whole.
The question, however, is whether it is realistic at all today to think that we can have a comprehensive labelling system.
The Coca-Cola Cup is, however, the responsibility of the Football League, not the Premier League.
In any event, however, I am here to remedy the omission.
I said that we put questions to the opposing parties, however the Commission has not yet received any response either from the complainant nor from the two other organizations.
I also emphasize however, that change cannot be too slow or too gradual, simply because time is not on the side of the railways.
Whilst I completely understand the motivation behind Amendments Nos 1 and 4, I have to say however that the Commission cannot accept them for the very simple reason that Saudi Arabia is included in the official international list of developing nations which was used in drawing up the original annex to Council Directive 92/14.
It is also clear, however, that, as in many other cases, there is a need for imaginative forms of public/private partnership, partly to mobilize complementary sources of financing and partly to improve the quality and the costeffectiveness of projects by bringing in private-sector expertise.
That is why, when voting on Mr Fayot's report, I believe that, in the trialogue and in the dialogues we are having with the other institutions, the President should assert our wish for fair cooperation, and should, however, also inform all the other institutions: for example, Council should be told clearly that Parliament is also prepared to do this provided Council is prepared for other forms of cooperation, such as cooperation with the Committees of Inquiry or with other sectors deserving fair cooperation, the cooperation we are prepared to provide and which we would also like to see from the other institutions, from Council and - if Commissioner Kinnock will allow me - from the Commission as well.
The SMEs, however, do not have the resources to create new information systems nor always the staff skills or money to acquire them.
The view in the report is that institutions other than banks should be able to issue these payment cards, which shall, however, be done according to specific rules which the Commission is being asked to draw up.
Overall, however, the euro will certainly be an incentive to competition, and the consumer, at least initially, should gain.
What is, however, lacking - as I have already said - is the parliamentary counterpart.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, there is no doubt that Europe owes much to America. Nor is there any doubt however that America owes much to Europe.
The report is, however, less than perfect in that it dwells on the problems we experience in our relations with the US.
The report before us cannot, however, be improved upon in any fruitful way.
I have a particular concern, however, regarding differences in agricultural policy between the European Union and the United States, which have served to put European agriculture and European farmers at a disadvantage.
I think you are right to be cautious about sudden initiatives of this sort however worthy or well-intentioned and however massive we all know the scale of the problems are.
As regards blood for transfusion, however, there is, at present, no legal basis on which binding requirements can be laid down at Community level.
In the end, however, it will be the Commission which adopts the decision.
Prevention is not just a question of vaccines, but also requires health education, with information. Also however, and obviously particularly with regard to communicable diseases, it involves recognizing the danger in time and seeking to reduce its consequences.
The remedy for this situation is, however, already known.
For 48 hours we undertook an examination of the hostile forces, in conditions which were, however, calm and healthy, and we have been waiting for several weeks to be able to go to Algeria.
At the same time, however, we would underline our fundamentally critical view of the procedure itself.
On that basis, however, it is worrying that by implementing this directive we would subject small businesses and regional authorities to a long list of administrative burdens, the effectiveness of which we cannot be sure of.
There are still some hurdles to be cleared for a successful implementation of the guidelines to this report They must, however, be overcome forthwith in the interest of employees and employers.
The EU must not, however, aim at a united system or programme for further training: on the contrary, I believe that differentials between Member States and the multiplicity of their training solutions is a rich resource that all can draw on.
The report and the response make it clear, however, that it is not enough to fob off employees with a 'thank you' for their understanding.
I am not one to encourage interference in my country's internal affairs, especially by English representatives, because we have bitter and painful experience of their interference. The problem, however, is a different one.
It is, however, something which has been dealt with on a number of occasions by a number of the Member States and is constantly under review.
Specific framework conditions and a certain commitment on the part of the economy for company relocations can, however, be desirable for the rational deployment of public subsidies awarded in accordance with EU rules, or indeed for the prevention of fraud.
There is one other vital issue however which I believe should be addressed concerning relocation and that is the issue of transparency.
The report should, however, have been able to remind people to a greater extent how total investments in the EU could increase.
The Commission's proposal, however, goes to prove today, in 1998, that we were right three years ago when we discussed the same proposed reintroduction for the period ended 31 December 1997.
As regards the island of Reunion, the Commission accepts the amendments in principle, but we are not yet in a position to give a technical definition of the methods and quantities because the French request arrived very late; the Commission has however sent a mission to the island of Reunion, but we are still waiting for further information which we have asked the French authorities for.
The Cox report has given an indication, however, of how we might reach a better solution than we have here before is, and I think it is important to follow the Cox report in that respect.
I should add, however, that the Kurdish problem is still very small in comparison to the tidal wave of millions which threatens to come our way if the situation in Algeria escalates any further.
The Commission does believe, however, that little will be achieved by designating the entire Alps a sensitive region.
We think, however, that there is reason to be sceptical about the structure of the system of compensation which the report has to consider.
We have, however, voted against all parts of the report which mean that the Commission would be responsible for the database.
At the same time, however, we think that the resolution avoids criticizing the USA on several points where it would have been proper to do so.
It seems to us, however, that this concept of foreign investment has different contours and content from those they began by defining.
I am obliged to note however, that the approach to evaluation by sector is more reliable, as it provides a more global appreciation of the efficiency of the development or otherwise.
Finally, according to us, I would say that it is certainly necessary to prevent aberrations, but we must not however stop scientific research in its exploration of life.
It does mean, however, that both cloned babies and the production of human embryos for use as spare parts for organ transplants must be outlawed.
We shall therefore vote for this text, but we would however like to emphasize an important aspect.
Cloning, however, reminds us by association of the Nazi doctor Mengele and his tragic experiments.
The rules, however, Commissioner, must be strict enough to prevent the realization of unwholesome phenomena. At the same time, they must apply world-wide.
Mr President, as the last speaker on this subject, it will perhaps be even more difficult for me to be original than the others, but I should however like to draw the attention of all the Members of this House to the aberration of the arrival of 'Dolly' , which has caused considerable emotion in public opinion, and also in this Parliament.
I would however like to stress that a whole region is involved, not just Ingushetia.
Despite the problems, however, it is essential to help local organizations to cope in difficult circumstances.
Here in the House, however, we have a situation whereby every year in the budget process we have to fight for funding cuts not to be implemented, just to hold on to the previous year's funding levels.
It is however, important to have improved coordination between the EU countries, because that can give better results for the countries/areas which need assistance.
Permit me to tell you, however, that your answer was very general.
In this respect it seems to me that the past or current activities of Commissioners other than Mr de Silguy do, however, pose a serious problem.
As I have said before, safety is at stake; however, I must add that the Commission has amended its initial proposal in light of the first reading.
In particular, however, we should note the matter of verbal communication.
Like Mr Sarlis and Mr Alavanos, however, I share the concern about crews from third countries which are an increasing phenomenon in the EU shipping area.
In any case, however, there are many hydrological basins which have already been connected, with transfers being made from one to another.
Likewise, the Yemeni authorities are aware of the different approach in Europe to women's issues, which must not however be tackled by shutting the country out, but by fostering closer cultural and social relations which, even in Yemen, must lead to the necessary emancipation of women.
This will also, however, require real improvement in the area of human rights.
It remains to be said, however, that a satisfactory state of the Open Network Provisions is one necessary condition of the liberalization of Telecom markets, and that, without strong intervention from parliament, they would have remained quite below the necessary standards of regulation.
This is, however, no reason to vote against the report, which is itself uncontentious.
It would be best, however, if this cooperation were formulated through recommendations and conventions at a pan-European level.
I wanted, however, to be sure of emphasizing this warning from the outset, so that the differences will be noted at this stage.
There are also, however, things to rejoice about.
We are, however, determined to continue that work and to present a full account of its results as soon as possible.
The draft resolution, however, sets out a certain number of criticisms and recommendations which demonstrate a misunderstanding of the very nature of this annual report.
This assessment will, however, be found in the evaluation reports.
In addition to this, however, a very important incidental benefit is also achieved through the creation of common regulations in this area: it is an effective way of tackling social dumping.
Meanwhile, however, the amendments now submitted by Parliament complement, improve and clarify the document under discussion.
I am, however, concerned at the negative approach the report takes to setting biological limit values.
We in Finland, however, do not have such a restricted view on the biomonitoring of chemical substances.
For the time being, however, the Commission is not planning to offer the CELEX data bank for consultation via the Internet free of charge.
I would, however, like to make some comments on what Mr Watson said.
What I must say, however, as a general principle, is that the Commission believes that competition among the various suppliers and products certainly benefits the consumer compared with a system of exclusive distribution and committed ticket sales.
Only on the point of the NOx catalytic converter, however, is some patience needed.
We all know, however, that investment always ends up with the consumer having to pay.
We, however, would like to concentrate on the issue of the environment and public health.
The objective of involving the Agency in reports must, however, be to avoid duplication in cases when the Commission and the Agency separately request data and reports from Member States. We also need to ensure that the Commission and the Agency act on the basis of the same sets of data.
Nobody is going to respect nation-state agencies; they would however respect, in my view, an Agency which was international in composition and was an inspectorate of inspectorates.
Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz has already pointed out that reference will be made to Article 62, and there do not seem to be many margins; however, it is obviously within her rights to raise this problem with the President tomorrow, when it is put to the vote.
I do think, however, that we are near the beginning of the end rather than the end of the beginning.
There are, however, far too few proposals coming from the EU on how the targets can be achieved.
We have established long-term reduction targets for Member States: these targets must remain unchanged, however, to ensure that Member States have the best possible conditions for planning and implementing alternative methods of dealing with this waste.
I cannot however approve of the way in which this amendment formulates the Commission's obligations.
For the great majority, however, we believe that the United Nations-led drive for a political and diplomatic solution must be the focus for our parliamentary action at this moment.
Prime Minister Blair is doubtless very active and omnipresent, however President Blair has disappeared.
It would, however, be a massive mistake for the United States to bomb Iraq.
The reduction of exhaust gases, however, is also significantly influenced by the technological equipment in the vehicles.
The fact is, Renzo and I were the two participants from this Parliament in this tripartite attempt at reconciliation. The fact is, however, that reconciliation in this country between the two hostile camps has not yet been achieved and will not be achieved for some time to come.
Secondly, the parliament must, however, observe the dignity of the individual member and adhere to the democratic rules of the game, and in this respect the observation carried out by representatives of the OSCE or the Council of Europe should be helpful.
Despite its various religious persuasions, however, the people of Albania have lived for centuries as a single entity.
Unfortunately, however, we cannot be under the illusion that this is the answer to the problems.
These, however, are mostly based around the United Kingdom.
On the less attractive routes, however, there are higher prices and poorer services, and this strengthens the regional differences which were already considerable.
It is worth noting, however, that because of the restrictive clauses on ownership and control in most existing bilateral agreements, mergers are practically impossible, and that is why we are witnessing a proliferation of airline alliances instead.
It has, however, chosen another route, namely the form of a directive.
In the Commission's proposals only regular checks are suggested: we however propose a periodic cycle of inspections.
I cannot check it quickly this morning. I will, however, have it checked and then we shall return to it.
We cannot, however, fully rely on the chemical industry in this matter when, under the guise of added ingredients, they produce substances harmful to humans.
In my view, economic considerations, however important they may be, must never take priority over people's health.
We need, however, as other speakers have said, a balanced and sensible approach.
All too often, however, the aim is to establish a monopoly position over important market sectors to maximize profits, and the poorest farmers in the world are either further impoverished or put out of business completely.
At the same time I am aware, however, that the rules which already exist at EU level are not being complied with to the desired extent which is very regrettable.
It is, however, no more than a supplement to local initiatives in the process of necessary innovative structural change.
In his report, Mr Berend presents a detailed analysis of the implementation of Structural Fund appropriations; however, many of his conclusions, as well as certain underlying postulates, cannot receive our support.
I fear, however, that Saddam Hussein's recent attitude has not been moving in this direction.
In the Committee on Womens' Rights we had decided to adopt an initiative on behalf of the women of Afghanistan. I also think, however, that this movement taking place here is very appropriate.
Let us ask, however, what our own responsibilities are - I mean in the broadest sense - in the matter.
The protests were rightly made, however, in view of the excessive risks taken; new regulations on exercises were therefore necessary and urgent.
As also stated in the resolution of the Partito Popolare, it is true that a basic constitution still exists in Chile whereby all former Presidents of the Republic, democratically elected, become senators for life; it is amazing, however, that this political group here present has nothing to say, either on the fact that Pinochet may be considered a former President democratically elected, or on the torture he has practised.
I would however also like to thank Mrs Mann and say: Something has undoubtedly been done in White Russia, something has changed for the better.
Having said this, however, the Commission, as you know, is financing a whole range of activities aimed precisely at promoting the rule of law by way of the Mauritanian Indicative Programme.
The crux of the matter, however, is that these tests and new nuclear weapons development seriously jeopardize the international test ban treaty.
If however we complain about excessively complicated regulations we should not lose sight of the deeper reasons for them.
From the point of view of the common interest, however, we are justified in making regulations so that Member States will suffer if they flout them.
It does however seek understanding for its requirement of a reasonable cost-benefit ratio.
This reference in the political resolution is all the more unjustified in that it appears at a time when it is already known that the Portuguese Government has decided to substitute direct importation, to which it would however have continued to be entitled by means of a public competition.
We shall however pursue this matter even further.
Article 126 of the Maastricht Treaty has given the European Union competence in this respect, and however limited, they are proof of a real determination to take action.
They should be implemented regardless of what happens with the negotiations - that is, however quickly or slowly they progress.
Personally, however, I have two observations to make.
We regret, however, that the Council is not allocating sufficient resources.
At management level, however, in business, the media and leading social positions, we have remained largely on the periphery.
The Committee, however, is proposing that buyers and vendors should be able to impose contractual restrictions on second-hand articles.
This is only of limited application, however, if the vendor is able to prove the contrary.
As members of the left, we have had to learn the hard way that institutions are not like Lego bricks that you can put together and pull apart however you like. They have their own history and must enjoy the confidence of the people they serve.
I do not intend to talk about what was discussed so positively in this report. I will mention however two points which were regarded as negative but which, in my view, were not sufficiently analysed and to which, ladies and gentlemen, no answers have been given.
I believe, however, that several concepts should be confirmed.
I would like to point out, however, that those countries which have expressed their targets in concrete figures have achieved good results.
From this point of view, I think pilot projects involving the cities also need to be developed. Above all, however, if we want to take everybody into consideration, I believe we need to think of safety measures as being connected with the quality of life.
They will, however, still be entitled to drive such vehicles in any other Member State but the United Kingdom.
The draft directive, amended by Parliament, is devoted to finding the best balance between the interest of the consumer and the responsibilities of the vendors and producers, without going as far as the wastage which could arise from a systematic exchange of all goods which have a fault, however minor, and which could in any case be repaired under the conditions of product quality maintenance.
We would like to take this opportunity to repeat our request that the Commission issue a report on the effects of the euro on countries which will not be taking part, and also on the removal of the uncertainty surrounding the relations and exchanges between the 'Ins' and the 'Outs' . More generally however, we request information on the Community costs of the euro, which the members of the Commission officially accept as a fact, but which they assiduously avoid specifying, as do the other defenders of EMU.
We do not take this view, however, seeing that contemporary society could not survive without it, and given that accidents do not all happen at the same time and in the same place.
There are however a number of important points where we depart from the logic set out in the common position.
But whatever and however many measures are taken under the pressure of such events, I am afraid that they are spasmodic, occasional, piecemeal and consequently ineffectual.
The multilateral agreement on investments should, however, take EU legislation into account without preventing any further harmonization, and cannot radically change existing agreements and policies on development.
The measures for regulating foreign investment called for in the report must not, however, be allowed to generate a situation in which open competition is possible in every area of culture.
The rapporteur, however, considers it a good thing that it was the European Commission that negotiated the MAI treaty and not the Member States.
I hope that in URBAN II that local element will not be lost and will, indeed, be recognized in the monitoring committees, however they are constituted.
I hope, however, that this will not be needed in the future, and if it is, we should be flexible enough to reconsider our programmes.
I do believe, however, that the funds we are making available are really an enormous extra help to these regions in coping with the aftermath of the emergencies.
I think we need to understand that every time a new proposal like the one we are to decide on here is put forward, however worthy the intention, it increases bureaucracy and paperwork in a Europe whose companies already have far too much of it.
Several developments have taken place in Community policies, however, making it necessary for us to improve our system of compiling statistics on road transport.
To make matters manageable, however, individual diseases will have to be aggregated to form a larger group sharing the same characteristics.
The financial perspectives as they currently stand, however, do not allow for such a sum.
The irony tonight is of course that however fast Parliament moves the implementation of programmes on rare diseases and pollution diseases and accidents and injuries will not begin until the evaluation has taken place, which shows the slow pace of development of programmes since the Maastricht Treaty.
It is important however that we do not simply carry out research and collect data; conclusions must be drawn.
I am somewhat perplexed, however, over the replies made by Commissioner van den Broek to the objections to the division into short- and medium-term made by Mr Oostlander.
It is right, however, that Parliament should emphasize that the development of democracy and respect for the rule of law is a priority and that steps will be taken if any applicant country displays manifest shortcomings in this respect.
Although the Oostlander reports are touchy on the issue of permanent consultation of the European Parliament, they are however careful not to tackle the root issues which the European Conference is going to have to deal with.
There are problems with the Oostlander report in a number of areas, however, including on the statements on the individual countries in the explanatory statement.
Many other amendments have been rejected in the Council's common position, however. This was due, among other things, to Parliament's wish that rules covering the transit through EU waters of ships en route to ports in third countries would be given a directive of its own.
The question I ask myself, however, is whether it really is best to let the EU act in this area.
However many plans are put forward, however many programmes are implemented, however good are the intentions of those who promote them, the situation, unfortunately, is not going to change significantly. The reason for this is that there is no radical change in the overall transport policy which would transfer the bulk from private individual means to public mass means of transportation.
Community policy continuously puts off examining the issue until the future, a future which is however very uncertain for the thousands of sufferers.
We must not forget, however, that cooperation between Asia and Europe does not only mean cooperation at governmental and parliamentary level. It also involves NGOs and the young people and women of Asia and Europe.
Instead, however, capital is pouring out of the region and the politicians are offering good advice.
The tribunals for Yugoslavia and Rwanda, however, had a very clear objective.
I do, however, completely endorse his comments on the value of the process, whatever it may be called.
It is true that thanks to a suggestion from Mr von Habsburg, the Bureau has decided to ask the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities to amend the Rules of Procedure forthwith, to allow two supplementary questions to be put. At the moment, however, I cannot give her the floor, although I would like to.
At the same time, however, we know that the decreasing number of contributors, the increase in expenditure on public health systems and the tightening of budgets in response to the convergence criteria are difficult to reconcile.
One issue which is important for me, however, is to determine the extent to which the Commission intends to adopt Parliament's view of the Foundation now that the Council has already taken a decision on it.
I would like to highlight the significance of, and political interest in the comments which the Commission will take great note of when implementing the modified Regulation. We would, however, not wish to take them up in the form of amendments to the Regulation.
It should, however, be noted that the Commission itself does not escape criticism.
Mr Titley's report, however, calls for several reservations.
Voluntary service, however, is only one aspect of EU youth policy.
All this will be useless, however, if we fail to provide a specific legal framework, recognized both in the country of origin and in the host country, aimed at giving volunteers the security they can expect with regard to the right to a residence permit, social security and taxation.
We know very well, however, that an unemployed person who has to go and sign on at the Job Centre every two weeks can clearly not be in another European country at the same time.
I am not only speaking for the Socialists but also, as Mr Colajanni already pointed out, as a person who has been involved very directly with this report, since I had the privilege of being rapporteur on the report on the MEDA Regulation and, at the time, put forward proposals - without success, however - which would have given our policies a more European character.
I would like to say, however, that, in this field, it is a question of allowing the judges to cooperate rather than judge.
We can request the presence of the Commissioner. We cannot, however, compel it.
On the other hand, however, I wish to tell you that we always follow, and I believe that there will be no departure from, the decisions that have been taken.
I would, however, like to highlight a number of points which have not been sufficiently considered by Parliament.
With his departure, however, political decisions have once more been taken in Slovakia which give us cause for concern.
This does not, however, give us the right to interfere in the internal political affairs of this country.
This is probably not enough, however, so the Commission should contribute towards ensuring that, both technically and politically, the elections are transparent and democratic and ensure a balanced access for all the Cambodian political forces, for the national mass media and for the means of propaganda.
We simply accept and recognize that there is an energy problem in North Korea which we do not however think can be solved through nuclear power.
Today it might not seem very nice to the French, but if we are not resolute, if we are not consistent, it will be worse for the Belgians or the Dutch tomorrow. What is most important, however, is that we do not allow discrimination.
As a Swedish EU critic, however, I myself represent a totally different view to Mr Bontempi and will therefore vote against the report.
This is, however, a criminal offence, and I would like to see considerably more cooperation between the police forces in all our countries.
I must clarify, however, that for strictly legal reasons, as far as the Commission is concerned Article 113, remains the appropriate basis.
The problem is serious enough, however, to warrant considerable stepping-up of monitoring.
In other cases, however, the objectives were not met and some Member States even increased their capacity over and above its previous level.
I would like to point out, however, that the question of a possible embargo against Honduras, Belize and Panama should be seen in the broader context of conserving global fishery resources.
This regulatory committee, which is meant to bring progress in tax harmonization, can only be set up, however, if the Council gives its unanimous approval, and Professor Monti still needs time to negotiate.
I agree, however we cannot simply improvise in this way in the Chamber.
I can, however, reassure the party asking for the study because I have included in my report the request to make an in-depth study.
I repeat, however, that a lot of our requests have been sacrificed because of our absolute respect for the principle of subsidiarity.
Beside the economic dimension, however, we should never neglect the human aspect, that is to say the needs and wishes of the people.
Meanwhile, however, tourists will be increasingly protected and supported through the Community's consumer protection policy.
I am opposed, however, to attempts by the EPP Group to restrict national airport systems to peripheral areas or to domestic flights.
The same applies to consultation; consultation is necessary, however if disagreements arise between the airport users and the administration, the regulatory role falls to the national public authority.
The new reference to networks in Article 1 is, however, misplaced, as the committee itself has acknowledged in later amendments by treating cross-subsidy and network issues separately.
As far as these amendments are concerned, however, the Commission cannot accept the idea of leaving the possibilities for subsidizing - that is charging higher than normal fees at the major airports - completely open with no applicable safeguards or conditions relating to cross-subsidies.
In principle, however, I can accept the clarification offered on rebates.
There is, however, a legal problem with this type of authority since it could supplant a national court system and would ultimately become an interpreter of Community law.
It also recommends, however, a wider definition than previously, to include people whose disability can lead to decreased mobility.
I do not think, however, on a matter of this kind, that this should in any way impede its speedy implementation.
In this case, however, unlike our regrets in a previous speech on tourism, the principle of subsidiarity should be defended, or even imposed, for in this case it is also a question of defending a principle of discretionary power.
I regret, however, that a large blocking minority could not accept such a compromise.
Obviously no discussion on retrofitting should, however, justify the introduction of the new tachograph for new vehicles.
The members of the National Alliance note however that the lack of a European agreement for the protection of workers will lead to industrial firms relocating to regions where the workforce costs less and is less well protected, with the risk that national systems will be brought into line with a lower level of social security and protection.
Madam President, I am sure that Mr Gallagher always tables excellent amendments, however yesterday Mr Berthu mentioned my amendments to the Herman report and consequently on page 9 of the Minutes the name Gallagher should be replaced by that of Hager.
A certain number of indications on the major points raised by Mr Elles may, however, already be given.
What it does prove, however, is that Parliament in its supervisory role condemns these deficiencies and insists that they be eradicated.
In the long term, however, these measures would not be sufficient to control the problem of fraud in the EU.
It was, however, not integrated in the final result, so I am still reflecting on the best way in which to bring the idea back to the table.
Luxembourg, which has only one commercial airport, is keen to maintain a reasonable compromise between the airport authorities and the interests of the airline companies. The country is, however, dependent on these charges.
Back in calmer waters, however, the committee raised several concerns.
I would like to point out, however, that there seems to be a certain amount of hype going around.
In particular, I agree with the opinion expressed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on the need to give specific priority to business with less than 100 employees, establishing accurately and transparently the real potential for growth of the businesses themselves, that have to create new jobs; however, these new jobs also have to be permanent.
We support the Commission's proposal when it hopes for the ratification by the Member States of the UN Convention on the situation of migrant workers and their families, recalling, however, that within the Union itself, workers who have emigrated from the Community countries still do not fully enjoy fundamental rights - which are the "buttonhole' of the Union - and experience real situations of exclusion that need to be rectified. I am referring to the more than five million Italian workers in the world who still cannot exercise their fundamental right to vote.
The Committee on Transport never discussed giving an opinion on the proposal for a Council Regulation, with which, however, Mr Sindal's report is mainly concerned.
At the same time, however, we are very worried about why this process has taken place, which is quite unusual, at least during the three years or so that I have been a Member.
Today, however, with your help, we will begin to adjust to these recommendations from the Bureau.
It remains understood, however, that any amendment, accepted by the Commission or otherwise, should be communicated to the United Nations, which, in the cases, or at least in one case we are aware of, was not applied.
We must probably now say, however, that the prospects for the OECD agreement coming into force are very slim and it is somewhat questionable whether the new shipbuilding nations will sign up to comparable regulations.
They can, however, only be accepted if such aid is also transparent.
The 'Challenges' newspaper this month emphasizes however that the financial crisis is temporary.
We would, however, like to make two comments in this respect.
This new definition of the term will entail a whole series of technical changes which will, however, make it possible and/or easier for people to use public transport.
In our view, we must, however, distinguish between political initiatives and questions of technical standardization.
Not only do we want to aim for the highest possible level of safety for vehicles in general, but we also want to guarantee that disabled people - however one wants to define this term, that is, persons whose mobility is reduced - can use these vehicles safely.
I should like however to note that we have already come a long way and what is more, after a very long time.
We want, however, to examine this class too.
I do hope, however, that we can then arrive at improvements during subsequent proceedings, which perhaps go more along your lines.
Apart from the normal aspirations, however, it brings us no closer to the future of Lomé after 2000.
The importance given to nongovernmental organizations, about which a great deal could, however, be said and the integration of our overseas departments and territories into regional groupings, thus preparing the way for a separation of these territories from their mother country.
What I miss in the report, however, and what I would like to have seen included, is a clearer indication of the fact that in the long term we are prepared to adapt the trade preferences which currently exist in the Lomé Convention to the WTO's rules.
Russia, as a superpower, however, goes its own way in matters of geography, natural resources, its population and its culture.
After the initial euphoria, however, the size and acuteness of the problems that emerged were not tackled head-on by the western democracies.
It is, however, worried about a few uncertainties and a few steps backwards in this area and also hopes for marked, significant and positive developments in this respect.
The sovereignty it will hold should, however, ensure an impartial monetary policy for all the Member States, thereby ruling out the risk that, lacking any democratic control, the European Central Bank is free to interfere at will in any questions dealing with the monetary policy of Member States.
The Croats are waiting for the Bosnians, the Bosnians for the Serbs, the Serbs for the Croats, or however they want to set the ball rolling.
I want, however, in a rare mood of openness to congratulate Doug Henderson, the President-in-Office, for what I thought was an extremely constructive speech earlier this evening.
I disagree, however, with their conclusions because what is it that they are asking for?
Second, I would like to note that when I talk about research, we should really do research not just with the purpose of solving problems, however important that is, but also to discover the unknown.
The Commissioner will know of the concern in my country, and probably in his also, at the danger, however remote, posed by new variant CJD in the matter of blood plasma products.
There is, however, no definition of such donations in the directive, and significant differences exist among the Member States as to what it really means in practice.
It turns out, however, that there is a difference between, let us say, those annual reports that are presented by the institutions as required by the Treaty and the other annual reports.
Freedom of movement of persons, however, belongs to the Union of Mistrust, which you want, and which is far from reality.
The problem, however, is not whether there is Community legislation on all these issues.
Some are contestable at times, such as those concerning public office. Others however are more useful, such as the arrangements for retaining certain welfare benefit rights when working in several Member States successively.
The Brazilian Government, however, has been more than reluctant to help, and even more reluctant to ask for international aid.
It is vital, however, that a new strategy be adopted if the rainforests are to survive.
The Turkish Government, however, rather than try to talk with the Kurdish people, has chosen repression, preventing the lawful exercise of the right of expression and demonstration of Kurdish and Turkish citizens and citizens of several European countries.
Austria has shown us, however, that every transitional period comes to an end at some time.
I will, however, allow you to make a point of order.
There is one exception, however - permit me, Mr Buffetaut, to say this. In Amendment No 23, the Council text, insofar as it concerns part (b), should be given preference.
It will, however, be for Member States to identify any such problems and then to assess what kind of action, if any, would be appropriate.
In the meantime, however, we have satisfied ourselves that this Article merely serves to establish that no-one may be punished twice for the same matter.
We do, however, retain the right to remain outside.
It is quite clear, however, that without the participation of European industry and other partners it will be impossible to finance such a project.
Nor do I know what political forces in Ukraine Mr Adam was alluding to, which oppose the closing of the reactor. What I do know, however, is that whatever these political forces are, they have not contributed a single ecu to the issue of the reactor in their country.
Until now, however, the technology required for this has not been available, either for dismantling the wrecked reactor or for the safe final disposal of the radioactive material.
In this process, however, any link between the closure of old and highly dangerous nuclear reactors and the possible completion of new atomic energy plants must be resolutely rejected.
A word of caution and concern has been expressed, however, by the economic circles of the EU on the provisions for confidentiality of information exchanged between the competition authorities. That is particularly the case because there is more information available at the European Commission than at the American competition authorities.
As a consequence, however, the agreed trade rules will in any case lead to efforts being made to arrive at a rational outcome in cases of dispute, and this should be warmly welcomed.
Patenting such treatment may not, however, be in the patients' best interests or may be prohibited on public policy grounds, preserving doctors' rights of treatment without depending on a monopoly supplier or researchers' rights to produce alternative treatments from the same genetic material.
To some they appeared too weak and ineffective to achieve sufficient stability. To others, however, they were much too harsh and restrictive.
They are aware, however, that the people and the workers are not celebrating, and that they are not even applauding.
We are all sure about one thing however: the people of Europe will not sit with their arms folded. They will fight back, they will overturn this course of events and they will open the way for a different Europe, a democratic and socially prosperous Europe.
Mr von Wogau does, however, deserve to be praised for the optimism he expresses in his report regarding employment.
I cannot entirely agree with several points made in the report, however, particularly the assessment of the reduction in working hours, dealt with in paragraphs 39 and 40 of the report.
It is, however, rather rash to discuss the five-year economic situation without, for example, carrying out detailed cost analyses.
It is true that Amendment No 4 aims at pension rights held, that is, acquired rights; unfortunately, however, one amendment proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs and by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has not been accepted. This lay somewhere between the long periods laid down by some states, and the overly short periods laid down by others, and adopted the solution of the high-level panel, chaired by Mrs Simone Veil, which proposed five years.
Obviously, it would be important for its work not to overlap with that of the Committee, and it would need a broad mandate, to include not just the traditional problems concerning trade and the environment, but also questions such as the ethical aspects of animal protection, human health, consumer protection and so on. To start with however, as indicated in Mr Pimenta's report, our efforts should primarily be aimed at strengthening the work of the Committee itself.
It should be a ministerial initiative, because it is not the Director-Generals who answer to their national parliaments on policy and receive policy directions, however well qualified they may be technically; it is the ministers.
One condition is, however, that the candidate cities present a clear project which is aimed at the future of the city and which has as its premise its individuality and its role in European history.
One city should, however, bear the responsibility of coordinating the work.
I should, however, like to stress that we are, of course, equally concerned with the protection of all citizens in Brussels.
On the other hand however, there are other rights which must also be protected, such as the right to information or the right to privacy.
However, the greatest substantive problem I have relates, however, to the more or less clearly expressed demand that Member States should also criminalize private ownership of smart cards and similar devices.
It includes a large number of common rules which must be implemented by the Member States, in accordance, however, with their own idiosyncrasies.
There is, however, one issue which I would now like to come back to, and which was the subject of much discussion two weeks ago.
There is a danger, however, that participants in EMU will forget that structural reforms are necessary - within EMU - to be able to face a possible recession.
The political opportunities that await us should not be allowed, however, to obscure the view that the economic effects of the euro are largely unpredictable.
As a European, however, I deplore the fact that workers, women and the socially vulnerable of eleven countries are being forced to embark as third class passengers on this hazardous voyage.
The introduction of the single currency in 11 Member States marks an historic milestone, overshadowed, however, by the high level of long-term, structural unemployment in certain Member States and also by the high level of public debt in others.
Having always accepted that Portugal would not be able to stand alone in monetary competition, however unfair, we have both in the past and in the present offered responsible criticism of the path we have taken to the adoption of the single currency.
I believe also, however, that in the not-too-distant future they will look ruefully back on this euphoric feeling, much as the passengers on the Titanic must have done as the ship sank into the Arctic Ocean.
The case of the Titanic, however, demonstrates that there are some boats which it is best not to be on.
It is easy to see, however, how those tensions could be at the root of a disintegration of European unity, which has barely been achieved, and a resurgence, particularly between France and Germany, of forgotten antagonisms.
This common feeling has, however, been crudely brought about by the callous policy of the current leaders of the EU and of the Member States.
All of this also requires the effort and solidarity of the European Union however, and I therefore thank you and all my colleagues who have asked the European Commission to intervene as quickly as possible to give a tangible sign of European solidarity towards our region.
For this directive we must think positively however, when looking at the future of biotechnology.
The Council considered, however, that it should make some modifications.
I, however, think that all use of human embryos ought to be excluded from patentability!
Now, however, another conciliation procedure has ended in disagreement.
Much as we support this fight against drug trafficking, however, the Confederal Group of the European United Left and I cannot support this motion for a resolution whilst its punitive nature is maintained, as this will have absolutely no dissuasive effect on young people whatsoever.
Make no mistake, ladies and gentlemen, although some of these amendments have been made in good faith, out of concern for improving the common position - which risk ruining it however - the majority of these amendments have been submitted by experienced parliamentarians, fully aware of what they are aiming to achieve, under the influence of certain pressure groups, and in no way - and I have proof of this - supported by public opinion in their countries.
We Finns are very experienced in this matter, however; an advertising ban is an effective means of reducing the consumption of tobacco.
I would, however, like to add that this directive is just one step in the fight against tobacco addiction in the European Union.
In this case however I judged that I should depart from normal practice.
I regret, however, that I cannot accept the argument that there is no more need for conciliation.
What is certain, however, is that European biotechnology companies will profit from the directive.
We do not, however, share his opinion that harmonizing the sanctions for the use of drugs would be desirable, as in several EU Member States today the use of drugs is not a crime.
As at first reading, however, the point on which I disagree concerns the classification of copper as a chemical parameter, instead of an indicative parameter.
I must emphasize, however, that derogations will only be granted when health is not at stake.
We should, however, stress that this measure is also important for local air quality.
The strategy is still, however, not ready for a decision on it.
Austrian experience has shown, however, that the proposed one-hour threshold cannot guarantee compliance with the 10-minute average value.
I hope that Commissioner Bjerregaard will have enough influence on her colleague Mr Fischler to achieve this target; however, as we read Agenda 2000, Mr Fischler's proposals to the Commission are also encouraging for the environment, including the proposals on agriculture.
On the other hand, however, the constant ambitions for power among certain EU Parliamentarians has cast an ugly shadow on the Hautala report, against the wishes of the rapporteur.
I shall, however, concentrate on the Hulthén report on a common strategy to combat acidification.
The Commission's proposal, however, will not in its present form result in the success of the EU eco-label scheme.
One big problem, however, remains, namely, section 1 of paragraph 11 of the Commission's proposal on the possibility of banning national and multinational eco-labelling systems.
I think it is natural to inform the House that at this point in the decision-making process, the Commission can only accept this limited number of amendments, but that the Commission will, however, be willing to consider further improvements to the proposal later on in the procedure.
To give the Member a direct answer, however, the Community has not so far expressly considered support for the disabled as a specific priority for cooperation.
Despite that practical explanation, however, the Commission is concerned about the non-transposition of law which Member States have after all agreed upon in Council.
That mandate awarded in 1996 did not, however, include market access issues such as traffic rights and capacity, which are plainly vital for the purposes of any successful comprehensive air services agreement.
The only tangible conclusion reached, however, was that a common aviation area could only be agreed if negotiations involved all of the relevant issues.
The Commission, is, however, not aware of any decision to construct such a tunnel link and the Commission has not received any request for Community support for such a project.
It also seems important to me, however, to lend continuity to incentive measures in the area of training.
This report, however, also mentions briefly the problem of language, which has not yet been discussed here.
The Internet may, however, also be a source of disinformation which can have serious consequences, especially for the weaker members of society.
A new media industry, however, requires a new approach.
I do not, however, think we should exaggerate these risks, as a committee of experts would, naturally, know all the requirements for commerce and industry.
While ensuring these sensitive procedures for an infinitely small sector of goods transport we must not, however, forget those for which procedures must be simple and practical.
It was extremely important, however, to set the precedent of interinstitutional dialogue between the Parliament and the Bank, laying part of the foundations, not yet well defined, of the Bank's democratic responsibility.
Let it serve as a warning, however, that monetary policy in the euro area cannot be subordinate to national interests.
At the same time, however, the Treaty reserves a special moment for politics - that is, the moment of nomination.
It is well known, however, that countries find themselves in different economic cycles at different times.
The process by which the Council selected the President of the Central Bank, however, was lamentable.
The Council has, however, no power to interfere in the internal procedures for ratification by those Member States.
You must all be aware, however, that in actual fact it is dishonest of us to include these six countries in the SAVE Programme as we do not have a single penny for them!
In my view, however, the most important issue is to recognize that the provisions of this section of the Maastricht Treaty need to be changed.
We must also remember, however, that real challenges lie ahead with regard to Irish participation in a new European single currency.
It would not, however, reduce consumption by even a single cigarette but would simply benefit imports - especially from the USA - to the detriment of Community production.
Even more important for our position, however, is the fact that by using the selected procedure the European Parliament is performing a legal act which undoubtedly exceeds the scope of its legal competence.
It is understood that the modernization of the Mexican economy and its membership of NAFTA make it necessary to reform the framework agreement on cooperation. It was, however, only signed between the European Community and Mexico in 1991 and is still in force today.
I should add straight away, however, that they strike me as ambitious.
I wish the Commission luck, however, because curbing traffic is no easy job.
We do not, however, feel that this recruitment bias will be remedied by doubling the budget allocation.
In Maastricht it was said, however, that henceforth the Western European Union should be the European pillar of NATO.
This is an area whose obvious shortcomings become apparent during crises, such as the former Yugoslavia. It is an area, however, in which we do not have the resources to remedy such shortcomings.
It is my opinion however that we must try and take care to consolidate and integrate what we have achieved thus far, before we open up other roads, such as defence, which are paved with many difficulties.
Member States with a tradition of neutrality, which make up one-third of the Fifteen, have accepted the integration into the Treaty of all the Petersberg tasks, but have however clearly refused the collective defence guarantee instituted by the Brussels Treaty among members of the WEU.
He does not clearly specify, however, who the enemy will be and against whom.
In practice, however, it is a fiasco, as we all know.
It is also important, however, to bear in mind that India's argument for not signing the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons was that it did not contain a paragraph on total nuclear disarmament.
In view of the arms race in the region, however, calling for India alone to put an end to testing would now seem to offer little chance of success.
I would, however, ask you to stick to these times.
Question Time will, however, be cut by the amount of time - some 15-20 minutes - which we require to do this.
It will, however, be cut short and at 9.00 p.m. we will return to the order of business as scheduled on the agenda.
On the other hand, however, it only makes sense if Mr Milosevic realizes what will happen if he follows a certain course of action.
Sometimes, however, I have to say that I would like to see a little more of the stick.
I believe, however, that it is a major problem because, quite simply, it concerns employment.
The reference to nations at regional and European level should, however, have been reflected in the recitals and paragraphs of the resolution, defending structural policies which, by promoting less favoured areas, help to promote aspects of competitiveness which have hitherto been less developed (since the only justification for regional policy was then social and political).
We must not pursue a policy which makes the same mistakes for ten years; however, we can now begin to learn from our experiences, to take action and then after two or three years to see what comes of it.
There are, however, still many legal uncertainties and conditions are not ideal for either buyers or sellers.
I would point out, however, that it is not necessarily only solutions of a legislative nature that are to be considered.
Our colleague from the Europe of Nations Group, however, claims that this is undemocratic, that it is changing the constitution by means of backdoor deals in closed rooms between the institutions.
We do know, however, that it is becoming more and more difficult to get anything out of intergovernmental conferences, however hard you squeeze them.
How to explain what distinguishes the institutions from one another, however, seems to me to be a difficult task.
First of all, however, I must congratulate the rapporteur, Peter Pex, on his initial audacity, but also for the flexibility he has shown in this long and complicated process.
Also like our rapporteur, however, I regret that the Commission has submitted no proposals for introducing number portability in the mobile telecoms sector.
We are opposed, however, to individual superpowers or regional blocs independently pursuing military interventions outside the UN framework, for which the Tindemans report unfortunately paves the way.
In other respects, however, we view the resolution as a correct analysis of the current political situation.
We are not alone, however, because at the ACP Joint Assembly in Mauritius recently, to everybody's agreeable surprise, there was a solid majority of the African, Caribbean and Pacific countries voting separately, at their request, from the EU, condemning the Sudanese.
They also showed, however, that some questions have still to be answered, particularly that of evaluation.
I believe, however, that even at a moment such as this we should be focusing on the fact that his work must go on.
After 30 years of civil war, however, it is simply inconceivable that such a thing can be achieved overnight.
It is, however, to be hoped that the envisaged annual reports to the Council will be used as a basis for discussion and scrutiny in the European Parliament.
On 27 February 1996 the company was reported to the Commission, which decided, however, that there was no risk.
For this reason we must ask the Italian authorities to provide stable and conclusive information, firstly as regards the persons evacuated. As soon as possible afterwards, however, we need information on preventive action, with an updated map of the risks in all the hydrogeologically compromised regions in Italy.
It should be noted as an exception, however, that there is a set of conditions in the Community legislation which give Member States and the Commission the right to intervene in order to deal with certain situations and needs.
Guarantees are required, however, to ensure that the client receives objective information when he makes enquiries at the travel agency about the options.
Everyone knew, however, that if the vote had not been held by 1.15 p.m., it would have taken place the same evening.
On an international level, there is however no liberalized market.
We are wondering, however, whether this is a specifically EU-related problem.
In many other countries, however, they use the so-called safe antibiotics, as listed by the Commission.
With modern factory farming methods, however, the conditions of growth for animals are difficult.
The knowledge we have gained about the risk of resistance arising from the use of substances such as avoparcin does however mean that we should exercise caution in our dealings with other substances.
There is, however, another reason that should be noted.
We must not forget, however, that there is also a risk of cross-resistance.
I am, however, at the same time a little uneasy. I would therefore like to put one question to the Commissioner.
The Union should, however, try to promote the idea in its entirety and provide it with a market where decisions could be made as to what might be the most competitively-priced fuel.
The production of energy, however, is not the affair of the EU.
The definition of these priorities for Objective 1 areas and for the measures to be implemented there is, however, a task for the Member States who have to submit their detailed proposals to the Commission, and not vice versa.
The urgent task now, however, is to ensure that both plans are implemented as quickly and effectively as possible.
The major problem, however, is in the trade agreement, which has been dragging on for three years now.
Mr Giansily, of the Union for Europe Group, is here however, and may have the floor for three minutes.
This does not, however, seem to be in keeping with the spirit of the Treaty.
I would, however, say as an aside that I regret that in staffing issues we do not make more use of fixed term contracts.
The problem, however, is not only the number of new posts, but, more particularly, their professional level.
No one denies that the Ombudsman has been more and more active these past few years; his initial requests, however, contain elements which conflict with the regulations on the status of officials and with the rules on the rationalization of administrative expenditure laid down by the three institutions.
In the case of potato starch, however, the status quo should be maintained for three years.
It has to be admitted, however, that these payments only give a limited picture of actual implementation in the field.
The very fact that they have been proposed, however, is a politically unacceptable act which goes against the purposes of solidarity and should therefore be roundly condemned.
There is now, however, a very strong case for regionalization in Ireland for the next round of Structural Fund monies.
In the context of the present Cohesion Fund, however, it is important to prevent adverse effects, particularly those of over-concentration in the most highly-developed regions of the beneficiary Member States.
I am of the opinion, however, that with the rapporteur we have found acceptable solutions to this problem.
It is the view of the Commission, however, that the geographical criterion "island region' is of itself not appropriate for the general application of exceptional provisions, whether this is done within the scope of the Structural Funds or any other Community policy.
I want to tell you, however, that we are already doing this, for instance through the JOULE Programme, which alone is promoting 26 projects for renewable energies in the island regions.
In order to smooth out short-term inconsistencies, there will however be a transitional regulation designed to balance out the different profit levels of the various central banks, which result from the fact that circulation of bank notes is varied in the EU Member States.
The specific position of the ultra-peripheral regions, however, continues to demand special treatment, in recognition of their unique situation, their enormous isolation and distance from mainland Europe and their particular development problems.
In these amendments we must aim for the greatest possible legal flexibility which, however, must not prove detrimental to safety.
Therefore, as far as the substance is concerned, we would like to see the disappearance of all of these traps; however, further to the matter under debate here, there is a problem of principle in relation to the agreements approved between the United States and the European Union.
I should stress, however, that the Commission already gives regular information to Parliament as to the use made of fisheries agreements in its statements and reports to the Committee on Fisheries.
I do not wish to bore you with endless complaints about the incompetence of the removal services. I have however noticed that there are a number of other recurring problems at the Brussels offices, relating to the lifts and cloakrooms, etcetera.
They do, however, favour less modulation, phased in over a longer period.
That does not, however, in any way imply that there is no need for a fundamental revision of the common agricultural policy.
Several amendments also provide for considerable changes to market organization which the Commission cannot, however, accept in the context of these price proposals, which are to be kept as simple as possible.
Some of them, however, merit thorough examination. These are Amendments Nos 2 and 3.
I share the concerns expressed in Amendment No 10. The Commission cannot, however, allow research and investigation to take priority over such measures aimed at improving quality.
The Commission is prepared, however, to use the national supply of quotas for allocation to young farmers, as provided for by Amendment No 21. However, this should take place in conjunction with the usual administrative authorities.
A few aspects need to be emphasized, however, and the Commission has already been forthcoming with us about this prior to our vote on the amendments in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
I shall however report to you on the opinion of the Committee on Regional Policy.
If the aim of this own-initiative report is to condition relations on the sectoral aspects of Agenda 2000, its success will not, however, depend only on the excellent rapporteur, Mr Cunha, but I believe to a great extent on our future work.
Furthermore, the rapporteur has kept to the recommendation by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development not to go into detail in his report, which did not, however, prevent him from - rightly - making the opinion of the Committee quite clear on the focal points of the future Agenda 2000.
In our opinion, it is hypocritical to focus on this one trapping method, however barbaric, while traps in use within the EU are no less cruel.
We only hope Community owners (and particularly Portuguese owners, who will be entitled to catch 200 grt a year of shrimps and send two surface longliners to Guinean waters) will make better use of the opportunities created for them.3.We must, however, express our doubts over the fact that the Community fleet will have access to Guinean waters outside a 10-mile limit when its vessels should only have access outside the usual 12-mile limit.
I welcome the relative reduction in subsidies and the reconversion measures which must not, however, lead to abandoned land being taken over.
Priority must however be given to two areas: competitiveness and the rational distribution of official aid.
In the last period of restructuring, however, 80 % of the population involved in agriculture were eliminated from agriculture within two years.
The Agenda 2000 proposals, however, favour the meat, cereals and dairy sectors, and restrict themselves to a little individual fine tuning of sectors such as olive oil, fruit, vegetables and wine, which are fundamental to the agricultural economies of the southern countries.
In view of the late hour, however, I will speak only briefly. I will therefore distribute to you the statement I had prepared and at this juncture I will restrict myself to a few points which I feel to be important.
These rights can, however, only be used by the regions in question if the Member States involve them early enough in helping to formulate plans and projects.
There are, however, a couple of points that are of particular concern to me.
In this context, however, I would remind the Commission not to deviate from the strict application of this criterion.
Having examined and studied all its aspects, particularly its budgetary implications, the Budgetary Committee essentially agrees to the proposals on the legal side of the matter; however, particularly bearing in mind the resulting implications for its own producers and for traditional ACP producers, the Budgetary Committee has drawn up a series of amendments to the law - which it hopes may be included in the report by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development - the purpose of which is, by means of an annual report by the Committee, to control and keep checks on the financial consequences of the new system and examine the proposed aid framework.
I would like to emphasize, however, that the income guarantee for EU producers is always granted, without full compensation, regardless of the actual market price.
The WTO provisions, however, already offer smaller suppliers higher protection and we will comply with these provisions.
Regardless of the actual date, however, we must respond to the fact that changes in operating and production processes in industry and retail in line with the just in time strategy have led to faster, more flexible and, at the same time, higher quality transport services, demanding ramified and ingenious systems of logistics.
The first part of this amendment is, however, too vague and could lead to control measures out of all proportion.
A reduction in the number of projects and the scope of the specific programmes is, however, essential to serious concentration.
My group does have a problem with Amendment No 31, however; this amendment makes it possible to depart from the generally used definition of small and medium-sized enterprises.
In addition, however, the smaller firms especially must be encouraged to take part in the innovation process.
This criticism of the report is in no way a fundamental rejection of the proposed funding model; it is, however, intended as a clear signal that, in its existing form, it simply cannot fulfil its purpose - the practical implementation of the specifications of the White Paper.
We see, however, a conflict between worthy aims and insufficient means.
I would say, conversely: in the decisions, the hearing and many other things we have had a part in, our expectations have often gone beyond the realms of possibility for what could be implemented at the time; however, I may be wrong here.
It should be said, however, that this is an excuse on the part of the Israelis.
In certain respects, however, I would have wished greater detail.
This was the result of a difficult compromise with the aim of enabling the distribution and sale, on the internal market, of bananas produced within the Community and bananas coming from the ACP countries, at prices which were fair both for producers and consumers, without however, undermining imports of bananas from other third countries.
I would, however, ask you to understand that the Commission also has to work in difficult conditions.
Both Europe and NATO, however, are determined to take whatever steps may be necessary against anyone undermining the pact.
What we are dealing with here, however, is a fundamental phenomenon.
It is, however, absolutely necessary because, we quite clearly cannot work on reciprocal recognition until at least the general rules for the Community have been laid down.
The future directive on in vitro diagnostics, however, will both guarantee the safety and reliability of these products in relation to their application in medicine and strengthen the single market through the standardized requirements which it stipulates.
I would, however, like to emphasise that a genuine European tax policy cannot be limited to the passive role of fighting harmful tax competition.
In some important areas we are, however, still faced with major and difficult tasks.
I am afraid, however, that it was a bit of officialese in that we are limiting ourselves to a reply which simply confirms past events.
I am grateful for the reply, however negative it would appear to be.
The result, however, is seldom a lower level of tax, but rather a shift of the burden of tax to the least mobile source, namely, labour.
With regard to the text of Mr Secchi's report, there are however a number of points which raise certain fears and doubts for me.
Success is, however, only possible if the licensing system and the availability of frequencies are clear at an early stage.
On the contrary, it is up to commercial operators to play their part. I have absolutely no doubt, however, that European industry will again be able to achieve the lead it has now with GSM, not only in the European market, but worldwide.
I am, however, quite happy to go over them again today.
What is remarkable in this whole story, however, is that the public has only just found out about these sweating flasks, while the people who operate the flasks have known about it for a long time and have been measuring the sweating for a long time.
Until now, however, we have only found cobalt and caesium.
We have known for some time, however, that contamination which is impossible to remove at the time of shipment can undergo changes through natural processes whilst in transportation, such that on arrival it is no longer fixed.
The Commissioner present on this occasion, however, who had obviously made a considerable effort and was very polite - since he is responsible for publicity - had no idea about the subject matter.
I could prove without a shadow of a doubt, however, that the Commission had already written about it in its communication of 3 April 1996.
Successful enlargement also requires, however, the modernization of the Union's own policies.
At my request, however, presidency representatives will now meet Commission and Parliament representatives on 23 June to identify an early and satisfactory solution to this problem so that it can be resolved.
I understand, however, that the Council intended this debate - indeed you said so - to be much wider-ranging than just that unfinished business.
We must, however, ' keep the pot boiling', and must not give up this struggle.
I am afraid, however, it is rather worse than Britain simply following the line of the United States.
Yes, we should do our best to ensure that Community agriculture is competitive; however, we have to give up everything for this single quantitative aspect.
What I cannot accept however, is her idea of splitting Objective 2 into two sub-categories (industrial/urban regions, rural/fishing regions).
Certain urban areas, suburbs in particular, are in need of assistance. This must not, however, be at the expense of rural areas.
According to the resolution, however, this rapprochement is to be achieved by 'strengthening integration' on foreign and security policy and on legal and internal issues.
The wording of the amendment is, however, deficient in implying that, irrespective of progress on a common statute to remove discrimination, the European Parliament should undertake certain specific measures.
We would, however, like to emphasize that we firmly oppose the second part of the Amendment on establishing a common statute for parliamentarians.
This type of approach must not, however, close the avenues to dialogue.
It does, however, think it important to speed up the pace of reform, to guarantee rapid recovery of the Indonesian economy.
We know, however, that there are still many obstacles which need to be overcome in order to reach agreements, particularly in matters relating to its independence and jurisdiction.
Madam President, as crucial as it is to insist on common principles of taxation in a single market, it is as vital, however, to adopt a clear position against the dominant tendency in the States of the European Union towards creeping tax increases.
The report does, however, also include harmonisation of taxes on a grand scale.
We do, however, object to preparations for a military intervention.
In the Baltic, however, the situation is quite different.
This is a highly effective tool which, however, also takes with it types of fish other than those being fished for.
Industrial fishing, however, is not just a regionally significant sector of the economy.
It is our opinion, however, that one should wait and see what experience over several years brings before finally judging the effectiveness of the new system.
In the Baltic, however, the situation is different, as there the herring stocks are not under threat and fishing even has a positive effect on the marine environment.
The Commission's proposal in respect of the fishing of flounder and plaice, however, can be readily endorsed this time around.
The period the salmon spends in the Baltic Sea is, however, a dangerous time. The main reason for this is large scale industrial fishing with driftnets measuring up to 21 kilometres.
We must also take this into account, beyond the approaches, however ideal, that we each may have.
I am not denying that they may be justified in certain cases, however, we must prevent the continuation of situations - which I would even describe as ridiculous - such as those that force, for example, Community producers of tinned tuna to export to the United States with a tariff of 35 % while the United States exports to the European Union with a tariff of 24 %.
We can do nothing other than support the call that fisheries products should only be landed in those ports which are effectively able to control them, but not, however, the extension of fisheries inspectors's rights to that of the retail trade.
There are, however, a few points which I think should be highlighted.
I say all this simply because during the debate I found that I had detected two of the dominant persuasions prevailing within the Council, but also within the sector itself, which do, however, have a point in common, if I understood your excellent report correctly, Mr Rapporteur.
The problem is, however, that I am being asked to allocate special aid facilities to help the sector along, virtually to the detriment of other sectors.
Although I am aware of the competition faced by the industry in Portugal and Spain, I would however like to point out that these North African countries have fragile economies which require support, unlike a certain number of other countries - especially in Latin America - with whom the European Union has signed preferential agreements to import tinned fish products, in particular within the framework of the so-called 'generalized system of preferences' .
While a more thorough analysis is being made of the market production and certain other aspects during the initial phase, it is, however, also necessary to adapt the current regime for the financial years 1998/99 to 2000/2001 in order to confront the present difficulties of the producers and above all to avoid a worsening of the situation.
Initially, however, we must improve our knowledge of this sector.
They will, however, take into account new planting and the task of regulating small producers.
A ruling must be found, however, whereby sensible, verifiable and economically acceptable support is possible.
There are, however, already appropriate Council directives and in many cases also Commission directives, for example, for the approval and control of oil mills.
The present proposal by the Commission, however, concentrates, as already mentioned, on the measures that are urgently necessary to overcome a crisis in the olive oil industry or rather to prevent an even greater crisis.
In the present case, however, existing technical texts are being changed and here I can accept no amendments, because this would call into question all the texts and further complicate the already complex discussions.
One step in the right direction has, however, been taken and is worth mentioning.
The procedure in the House, however, - even the Commission sees it in this way, in my view, and perhaps the Commissioner can comment on this - is that financial sums are normally set in the budgetary procedure.
The Court accepts, however, that a legal base is not required for non-significant action.
The rapporteur made brief reference to this at the beginning; however, her report does not make these issues as clear as I would have wished.
Policy development, however, must be from the bottom up, involving NGOs, women, men, old and young people and social partners.
To make our cities enjoyable and suitable to be lived in is, I believe, what our citizens want and the obligation of the current city governments; however, it is still not an organic and strategic objective of the European institutions.
A second important aspect should be mentioned in this connection, however. European structural policy, and European urban policy too, cannot be defined from the top down; it must be a bottom-up process and we must take partnership with the cities seriously.
There is, however, scarcely any coordination between the Member States.
In the context of institutional politics, however, we find Mrs Napoletano's report - and I congratulate her as well - more balanced, fairer and more realistic.
We do, however, need to try to formulate a coordinated and consistent response to tackle the growing number of problems affecting our cities.
In this context, however, there is one idea which has already been raised in a previous report, and which we find controversial, namely, the idea of a dedicated fund.
I believe that it is certainly worthwhile to consider Mrs Dührkop Dührkop's proposal to investigate the feasibility of establishing an insurance fund at European level for this. There are, however, many details to be discussed before then.
With regard to fisheries agreements, however, and inasmuch as I am involved from time to time, at least collaterally, in negotiating some of these agreements, it is extremely difficult to make a reliable prediction.
Its abolition is, however, the direct consequence of the creation of the single market on 1 January 1993.
The case of duty-free, however, raises socio-economic problems that Parliament cannot ignore.
I do not agree however that they should tell lies in doing so.
There is nothing, however, to prevent contact between strictly Community passengers and passengers travelling to third countries.
In practice, however, we are still a very long way from achieving an all-embracing guarantee of fundamental and civil rights, from recognizing the citizen's sovereign role in integration.
Personally, however, I distance myself from all attempts to regulate the Internet problem through directives at EU level.
There are, however, three amendments - Nos 7, 12 and 17 - which cannot be accepted.
The Commission is, however, working on a legal instrument, a proposal for a directive, to deal with this subject.
We must remember, however, that there will only be a European social union with the involvement of European unions.
The Commission does, however, consider, Mr President, that the question of fundamental social rights requires more sustained and detailed thought at Union level.
It is not, however, good enough just to pay lip service to their work.
The Council must, however, move beyond the attitude that it has had up until now, which has been an attitude of objectively blocking the third sector.
I can, however, assure this House, and especially the rapporteur, Mr Cot, that the Commission has taken various initiatives to achieve the progress we seek.
Thus, if I express delight at the proposals made by the rapporteur in favour of the Members States, in order to broaden and support the rights of citizens, it is, however, necessary to think about how we might improve the way the various institutions are seen, so that each European can fully exercise his citizenship, in full knowledge of the situation.
I should like to emphasize, however, that the social partners should always be sufficiently representative.
If badly planned, however, it could damage safety, health, family life or the social life of the people concerned.
So I call on you to reject this text here tomorrow, to vote for all the articles which could, however, improve it, and to show your solidarity - in other words, your responsibility.
I would like to ask, however, what is actually at issue here.
There are a very few points, however, with which I would disagree. The rapporteur requests a single fund for cross-border projects between the EU and third countries.
Europe can not be constructed on the basis of a single political power, or even two, however great these may be, and however convenient that might be.
Our proposals contain another element, however, which has most often given rise to debate.
On one issue, however, I must state my disagreement with this report.
And the problem will not be solved by a few meetings, however regular they may be.
The aspect I wish to dwell on, however, is the question of transnational lists.
In parallel, however, with the convergence of the electoral systems, it is essential that the institution of European political parties should evolve, as Mr Voggenhuber so rightly stressed.
This can be achieved by various national arrangements, technically speaking. The spirit and the aim, however, must remain the same from country to country.
On the other points, however, we found the attitude of the Council - and of certain Member States in particular - deplorable in that it sought to block any progressive actions that aimed to make the most of all the potential offered by the European Voluntary Service.
Recent experience has shown, however, that the interest of young people in the European Voluntary Service is already very great and is likely to increase further.
The amendments which have been proposed, in the main by the rapporteur in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, were adopted by a majority there; however, we cannot vote for them.
Furthermore, the issue of authorization should not be regulated to such an extent that everyone is compelled to use additives; however, we should ensure that if they are used, they should only be used to a limited extent.
Unfortunately, however, the Rules of Procedure only allow me to grant two.
One thing is clear, however - if no agency is able to provide cofinancing, then the entire LEADER programme is in doubt.
I hope, however, that we will find a solution on Friday.
' The measures concerned will have to be exceptional in character, however, and in any event be met from the budget for the affected Member States' existing structural programmes.
For the time being, however, the Commission has not yet received any official reports that indicate that stock levels have recovered sufficiently in river waters.
There are, however, many amendments which we simply cannot allow in the report because they have nothing to do with the issue of women's health.
The Committee certainly participated as a whole in the drafting of the report, however, as 96 amendments were presented in Committee, if I am not mistaken.
It is important to note, however, that environmental problems will not be resolved merely by using environmental taxes.
Action is needed, however, where the Community is deficient in institutional terms: weighted voting in the Council, extension of the qualified majority and the composition of the Commission.
Let us, however, make clear to everyone what our political objective is, even in the case of possible intervention.
The most important thing, however, is that we support Mr Rugova, as that is the political solution that we must seek.
The amendment by the Greens, however, aims to add something to Article 2, namely to obtain compensation for the system of proportional representation if there are regional constituencies.
The cause which is being served here is, of course, good, that is, the creation of a centre for the control of communicable diseases. I am, however, very sceptical of the value of always creating new institutions at 'Community level' .
With regard to the use of nisin (an antibiotic) in the production of pasteurized eggs, the Commission proposes withdrawal of its use, whilst permitting it, however, in the manufacture of mascarpone.
The system that is to be expanded today, however, all too easily turns these Members into employees of the party structures.
At the same time, however, it must be possible to develop an information and communications strategy that meets the need of the people who are entering this age of the euro with uncertainty, fear and scepticism.
The EU directive on fertilizers does not, however, stipulate limits for cadmium content, and that is the problem.
At the same time, however, we cannot accept what Mrs Hautala proposes, because if we now - before the expert opinion, so to speak - wanted to introduce common standards, then we would completely undermine this scientific process.
We therefore agree with this respect for transport conditions, provided, however, that they are applied everywhere, and include trade with third countries, both imports - from the point of departure - and exports, and that they can be implemented and are useful.
Things that are alright, however, are not shown.
Regarding information to passengers, allow me to comment that yesterday, I was reading an in-flight magazine myself and came across a really brilliant article explaining this issue to passengers. Generally speaking, however, we cannot of course set a deadline for this, because the Commission would first have to be called upon to examine the options, and that would probably take some time.
In light of the various studies conducted in individual states and comments from the sitting, however, the Commission will - and I would particularly like to draw attention to this - clarify in a working paper exactly what instruments Member States have at their disposal to help absorb the impact of these measures.
I would hasten to add, however, that as things are at present the Council will not be facing an easy task here, but at least this is what the Austrian presidency will be trying to achieve.
Over the past decade, however - and this is something I wish to elaborate on - considerable changes have been made in a number of areas affecting minority language communities within the European Union.
As I indicated earlier, however, it is up to the Commission to table a proposal here.
I know very well that the issue being debated today does not concern the hierarchy of laws, however, we certainly should mention a criterion regarding the general scope. Besides, in various documents on codecision we have already had an opportunity to mention this.
This procedure is, however, not capable of responding to the major future challenges of the construction of Europe for it contains the seeds of its own destruction.
Mr President, closer cooperation is, in my eyes and the eyes of most others, an emergency solution, a last resort. It is, however, an emergency solution which can open up possibilities.
It is still a question of people, however, people who have human needs and feelings.
In the preliminary phase, however, we are introducing purely discriminatory measures and are not even in a position to integrate workers and their families from third countries.
As exemplified by what has just been said, however, I must say that these comments are totally erroneous.
This compensation body, which will also be active in the victim's country of residence, should, however, be restricted to just a few cases, for example, where the insurer in the other country has not named the claims settlement body or representative, or where the representative or the insurer does not reply within this six-month period, or gives an unsubstantiated reply.
I will again point out, however, that 959 petitions are still being examined, including petitions that, like the one received on hunting, bear more than 1 800 000 signatures, testimony of the interest shown by many citizens in this instrument.
The most important point in this context, however, is that democracy has to cost something.
All this, however, is unfortunately not the case today.
There is, however, still a long way to go before we reach a stage where the refusal to release documents is totally justified and a rare exception.
What is lacking, however, is a response as to whether incoming documents will also be registered there.
This report, however, drafted at an important moment in the historic journey that has led to the euro, lacks a detailed analysis of the following points:
The problem of structural unemployment calls for rapid and targeted solutions: the Central Bank, although it has an important role to play in this area, may not, however, replace the international actions of renewal of individual job markets.
Voluntary cooperation between states is, however, the European method which has produced the most positive results so far, from ARIANE to the Airbus.
In the case of certain dictators, however, I must honestly, say ladies and gentlemen, that I make an exception, and the death of the dictator, Abacha, has indeed led to the removal of some hindrances to political evolution in Nigeria.
Since 1993, when the democratic process that was under way at the time was brutally interrupted by a military coup d'etat, there has been in Nigeria every kind of abuse, every kind of violation, however elementary, of human rights and the consolidation of a regime, linked to the military and business clique in power, that has made widespread corruption and the worse kind of violence prevail.
The sanctions, however simple they may be, can only be removed when actual democracy is restored.
The risk of ethnic conflict, however, must not be a reason to oppose democratization.
His international policy is, however, but a shadow of his authoritarian domestic policy.
In our resolution - as Mrs André-Léonard has already mentioned - we have indicated that the media were also manipulated to a large extent. May I, however, remind you all that we are not so very far away from such things in Europe.
Nor is it acceptable for firms engaged by the European Union and by the Commission to organize technical support, to entrust students with the task, however excellent such students may be.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, once more our Parliament is called upon to make a statement on the situation in the Sudan, without however being really convinced, either of the effectiveness of its previous interventions, or of the currency and exhaustiveness of its information.
This misfortune may, however, offer opportunities for positive action.
It is a fact, however, that the non-existence of administrative structures, the inadequacy of coordination and the inability to deal with these fires intensify their catastrophic effect.
I will, however, give you the information that I have.
I must obviously, however, turn to the House to check whether there are any objections to the request for an oral amendment.
This very positive evaluation cannot, however, disguise the fact that only 3 % of the 1 412 complaints regarding maladministration registered during the past year have resulted in a comment, a regulation or an amicable solution.
There are apparently other airline companies, however, who fail to inform their passengers that they have a right to compensation where flights are overbooked.
Here we as Christian Democrats, however, do not agree with some of the proposals from the committee.
The normal citizen, however, who books a flight himself should have information concerning his rights provided on the ticket.
I would, however, still like to bring up a few substantive matters.
Due to the enormous number of flights, however, this still amounts to around ten thousand people per year.
In practice, with this fare they can cancel or change the reservation without paying any penalties, which is not the case, however, for those with restricted tickets.
The best way to get the airlines to treat their passengers in the correct way is, however, to ensure that competition is improved on more routes than is currently the case.
The problem I see, however, is that of the directions and guidelines that will have to be followed to conclude the programme at the end of 1999, and that of tying them in with the guidelines for the new programme from 2000 to 2006.
In the way of Mr Howitt's excellent report, however, we have to ask what these guidelines are being used for and whether they are going to be able to realize the goals in the proposed manner.
It is my view, however, that we should dispense with legal access rules.
We do not, however, agree with Amendments Nos 20, 21 and 22, because we feel Mr Orlando's text is more precise.
I do, however, believe in the power of example, and hope that people will in fact succeed in cooperating.
Without wishing to refer the matter back to committee, I do, however, regret that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights was not consulted on this area, that we have not had the opportunity to express ourselves.
It was then not released, however, and is still unavailable today, with the result that it is not possible to table amendments.
I should like to make one point, however. The coinciding of our researches into ECHO with the Bösch report would have meant that a proper, thorough debate could have taken place in the House at 5 p.m. today on the question of how we deal with irregularities and suspicious factors concerning fraud in our own ranks.
One aspect worries me, however. I have been observing the situation in my own country and looking to the future.
In future there must be a free market, however, with replication under specific conditions. Three years now remain in which to find a suitable solution.
All the parties involved, however, recognised that the importance of the directive overall for European industrial design meant that adoption should not be prevented because of the problems relating to that single repairs clause.
I would like to remind the House, however, that this involves one of the seven vertical directives relating to food products, and that the question of coffee and chicory extracts has been dealt with on a par with that of chocolate, which has proved more controversial for other reasons.
The other two, however, involve a matter that may be important for the consumer, since they relate to the restriction of the range of weights which can be offered by the retailer to the consumer.
I did at least have a basis for my assessment, however, whereas when you talk about free trade, you have to try very hard to find a few words of support for free trade from within the ideology of your group and party.
That does not concern this system, however, as it has been described here; it concerns official cooperation, and not the violation of any rights.
I would also ask my colleagues to proceed with due caution and not to react with too much excitement to comments made in the media, however important or relevant they may be.
Allow me, however, to use the debate on this formal amendment above all as an opportunity to emphasise the importance of the real issues underlying it.
Before entering into the details of the successful conclusion of our discussions, however, I should like to highlight the consistently improving level of cooperation between our institutions - Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
Contrary to last year, however, there may well be spending requirements if current developments on some markets are confirmed.
As last year, the Council has deemed it appropriate to fix an inclusive total amount to be assigned to the other institutions for ordinary operating costs with an increase of 1 % over 1998 levels, with provision, however, for a significant margin to adjust the increase for exceptional and often justifiable cases.
Following the judgment handed down by the Court of Justice on 12 May this year, however, a solution had to be found as a matter of urgency, all the more so because the Commission was deferring the implementation of a large number of budget lines which did not have a legal basis.
Under current circumstances, however, that should not be too difficult.
I should like to make one remark, however, in response to some of the opinions you have expressed.
I do believe, however, that we have taken a step forward.
Viewed as a whole, however, there is no doubt in my mind that the package represents such significant progress that it cannot but be adopted.
I would like to make it clear, however, that I regret that Parliament's discussion was confined to the economic and financial interests of the car spare parts industry, while existing legal problems were not considered.
We would, however, point out that there is a problem in that individual Member States cannot act to differentiate excise duties without reference to Council decisions.
It must not mean, however, that we are departing from the principle - and this is an important point that Mr Pimenta also mentioned in his contribution - that these flexible mechanisms must be supplementary.
These Chapter 2 aeroplanes may, however, be equipped with socalled 'hushkits' so that they produce less noise and can be included in Category 3.
The situation in the USA, however, is very different. There, the number of these aeroplanes will rise to about 1500 by the year 2000.
The question was, however, whether there were any plans to utilise this new instrument to initiate proceedings against Burma's military government.
Legislative and budgetary procedures have until now largely done justice to this area of conflict. At the level of implementing decisions, however, this balance has not yet been achieved.
Since the management committee procedures often give the Council of Ministers the opportunity to outvote the Commission's position, however, the creation of a political counterbalance at parliamentary level is a sensible move.
I must, however, point out to my colleagues - as have several previous speakers - that it still contains ambiguities, particularly from the point of view of democracy.
Surely the need is more urgent to check the inflation which is making the poorest poorer and to encourage the restructuring of domestic Russian industry, but not by protecting imports, however useful these are for balancing public finances?
Western economic relations, however, must be modelled in such a way that they foster stability within an economic system that is subject to ecological and social conditions rather than undermining the reform efforts in Russia.
It appears that under our Rules we are not allowed to finance anybody for more than three years, however important they are.
Their systems are therefore not in the same state of collapse as the Russian economy. They are however affected indirectly - just like the EU countries - by disruption to trade and investment.
The calls of some speculators for international credit-insurance systems must, however, be rejected.
The Commission, however, insists on maintaining the two proposals separately.
I have to point out, however, Lord Tomlinson, that unfortunately the success or failure of this ambitious programme for the peace process will depend on how that peace process develops, and we should be very much aware that at present, the situation is critical.
Mrs Mosiek-Urbahn does, however, suggest a number of amendments at second reading.
Unfortunately, however, as we all know, nothing has changed in Turkey since the Customs Union.
From a political point of view, however, I sadly have to note that progress on the way to parliamentary democracy, respect for human rights and the will to resolve the internal and external political problems and conflicts in a peaceful manner are not as much in evidence as we would wish.
What is clear, however, is that Turkey has contributed to this worsening of relations through the defiant attitude it adopted after the Luxembourg summit.
With things as they have become today, however, we must intervene with all the means at our disposal - the Commissioner mentioned them, as did the presidency of the Council - to put a stop to extremes and back the moderate forces in the area.
These bans or restrictions may not, however, be applied either as a means of arbitrary discrimination or as a disguised means of restricting trade between the contracting parties.
I ought to warn you, however, that if you continue to move towards what you term the left, you will find yourself in the Group of the European People's Party.
The Commission acknowledges Parliament's desire to be informed about the work of the committees assisting it; this aspect, however, is dealt with in a Commission proposal relating to a new decision of the committee.
At the end of the 1980s, however, we were told it would be the end of the world.
I am, however, also convinced that participation in the Multiannual Programme will be mainly political.
Sufficient equity capital, however, is essential for the long-term success of a company.
There are, however, a few points I should like to make.
The European Union and its Member States, however, have, over the last decade, begun moves to get a lead over the USA.
The problem has arisen, however, of this market's ability to function.
Removing the time limit is, however, a central issue.
Basically, however, a rethink is urgently needed, as is coordinated action between the Member States and the EU institutions.
I cannot however share one of the assessments made by the rapporteur, of the value of education and training.
The steps to be taken are tangible ones, but until a true culture of equality has been established, beginning in schools, it will be very difficult to implement anything decided here, however thoroughly we discuss it.
It has not changed my mind, however, and I am therefore rejecting the text proposed by the Commission because it contains provisions which clearly go further than we actually want and which do not fall within the remit of Europe's legislative powers.
Our main worry - apart from these difficulties in Kinshasa and Kisangani - continues to be focused, however, on the humanitarian situation in the province of Kivu. We might be about to witness a mass exodus of Congolese people either within the Democratic Republic of Congo or into Tanzania, Burundi or other countries, and that could transform the humanitarian situation into a full-blown disaster.
One should not conclude from this, however, that others are not interested.
Similarly, however, this House must recognise election results which have been achieved democratically.
This will give us the chance - however inadequate - to achieve something.
Let me however say a word about the Commission too.
I would however say that the vote against the possibility of earmarking a part of the Structural Funds to tackle women's unemployment is highly regrettable.
There is no need, however, for any immediate approximation of rates. Several countries with high levels of value added tax put the accruing revenue towards public sector expenditure.
I would, however, like to point out that these wishes risk going unheeded, for nowhere do I see the political will to turn them into a reality.
We feel, however, that paragraph 20 is dangerous in calling for improving the situation of single-parent families to have priority over public budget deficit considerations.
Subsidies must however be phased out in the long term.
There is one special circumstance, however. Mr Le Pen is alleged to have uttered the incriminating words in Germany, whereas he is a French citizen.
What I would like to see, however, are some comparative studies.
Hedy d'Ancona's earlier rallying cries for the legalisation of cannabis and the authorisation of heroin maintenance treatment have, however, been silenced, and we have before us a set of recommendations which are in line with the PPE Group's fundamental approach to narcotics.
There is no place, however, for revolutionary change or high-risk experimentation.
I wish to say loud and clear, however, that the Community programme cannot be viewed as a source of support for experimental work in the field of drugs. Unfortunately there are occasionally some misunderstandings on this front.
It is, however, equally clear that we do not have that at the present moment.
There is however a broader issue here, which is beyond our control, namely that of international conventions and how to ensure that the fishing industry really does act responsibly.
Without a doubt, however, a good deal of innovative research is required to devise new and more selective types of fishing gear.
We are, however, fully behind the rapporteur in her proposals to harmonise penalties.
In so doing, however, they are gaining in sovereignty over monetary policy.
Minimum reserves do, however, create problems, in that their use acts like a tax on the banking sector and could result in competitive disadvantages for financial markets in the euro zone.
As far as political support, adjustment and preparation are concerned, however, I do hope that the essential last-minute adjustments will indeed be effected.
The right monetary policy instruments must be deployed if the European Central Bank is to enjoy credibility. Equally important, however, is the collection of sound information upon which to base policy decisions.
The SME sector, however, as I said, is the main employer in Europe.
One of the crucial factors in this whole crisis, however, has been the failure of the IMF to perform its supervisory function properly.
The problem is, however, that to be covered by Regulation No 1408 presupposes that the persons concerned already have the right to freedom of movement.
I wish to do this, however, in order to remind you that the Radicals have a method - that of reason.
We would stress, however, that the commercialisation of the telecommunications sector has brought severe administrative problems. There is now a danger that regions and consumers alike will receive differential treatment.
I must, however, indicate my disagreement with two other subjects contained in this report.
The adoption of two of the rapporteur's own amendments, however, means that there is no longer any reference to the aim of creating a drug-free society, nor are the Member States expressly called upon to comply with the UN conventions.
We cannot, however, remain indifferent and inactive to this gangrene, nor to the ineffectiveness of our policies so far.
The search for artificial havens demonstrates their need for absolutes; however, neither work, nor science, art, sport, ecology or politics, whether at national or European level, are such absolutes.
The introduction of a system of open government, with protection for those providing information, would however constitute the single most significant step towards combating fraud.
At the end of the day, however, that postponement might well have been beneficial; first of all, it enabled us in the Committee on Budgetary Control to push through the procedure we are applying here.
Allow me, however, to confess to a certain doubt and to express it in the following words: 'I hear the words, but I lack faith'.
Such misinterpretations, however, have delayed the presentation of the report to a plenary sitting of Parliament.
Today, however, we are not taking the ultimate step by approving OLAF.
I should however like to iron out one or two misunderstandings.
I am making these apparently unnecessary statements for two simple reasons: first, because I cannot but be surprised by the comments that have been made about it, particularly in various Parliament bodies, but never in the Commission on Budgetary Control and without any involvement by any of its members and certainly not its rapporteur. Second, and no less important, because I fear that if a disagreement arises on a particular point, however important, the fundamental problems which most urgently need a response will be neglected.
It is important that these two particularly serious factors should not, however, lead us to ignore other matters relating to the implementation of the budget which also deserve attention and appropriate action to correct them.
According to international law and practice, however, the captain of an aircraft is a representative of authority on that aircraft, since he or she is responsible for the safety of the plane and for public order and, ultimately, for the lives of the passengers.
Any condition of nationality for certain kinds of employment is, however, an exception to the basic principle of Community law that all European citizens should be treated equally in matters of employment.
This interpretation does not, however, cover the issue of gender-related persecution or sexual abuse - which is a great pity.
The Commission is, however, ready to examine project proposals for eligibility under other existing budget lines which are open to development education and advocacy projects and which already possess a legal basis and can therefore accept projects for financing.
The Commission notes, however, that the social partners taking part in the negotiations made no approach to it, even though they were perfectly aware of their rights in the matter.
In the meantime, however, the relevant Commission services will make every effort to respect in practice the guidelines of the directive we have proposed.
On the matter itself, however, we entirely agree with him.
I must say, however, that the Commission has made a great deal of progress in this area and has proposed a substantial number of directives and regulations on the safety of ships.
One: we welcome the strategy of introducing RDS-TMC-based transport information services; we do, however, expect that this will be done across the board, Europe-wide, and not just in Germany.
I am optimistic, however, that the Austrian Presidency's efforts will bear fruit and that we shall achieve agreement on the very important Philoxenia programme in the coming months.
In any event, however, I sincerely hope for the European Parliament's active support so that these efforts may be successful.
I should, however, like to make a number of fundamental remarks and ask a number of fundamental questions.
My final question for the presidency, however, is whether an initiative was put forward at the meeting of foreign ministers in Salzburg to extend this project to embrace other countries, as well as those in the European Conference.
As vice-chairman of the Malta Delegation, I do, however, appreciate the opportunity to discuss this issue here today.
I myself believe, however, that opportunities will certainly also be provided in the future for these countries - Ukraine, Moldova, Belarus, etc. to at least have the prospect of working in collaboration with Europe.
In the Council's discussions and many other events over the last few days, however, another more fundamental development has become apparent.
Unfortunately, however, the situation is even more unsavoury.
I say that I welcome possible military action by NATO because I realise that a political solution, however desirable it may be, is becoming increasingly unlikely.
The crisis of credibility - and this is the tragic part - does not just affect the European Union, however. It also affects NATO, which has hitherto waited for the green light from the UN Security Council, but which must be aware that this green light to take military action will not come, because of opposition from Russia and China.
Given the severity of the situation, the proposal discussed in Mr Bösch's report should not, however, be totally thrown overboard. We should be using the leverage it gives us to persuade the Commission to come forward with further suggestions.
This reform will not, however, be enough, for the problems run much deeper.
The fight against fraud at Community level should, however, not be pursued on the basis of conventions and additional protocols which have not been ratified, as is also intimated by the comments on Article 280 in the report.
The Danish Social Democrats have therefore chosen to abstain from voting on paragraphs K, L and M. That does not alter the fact, however, that the main intention of the resolution is to strengthen the fight against fraud both in the Member States and internally within the EU system.
The TEN programme, which has been extended to cover Eastern and Central Europe, must however be seen in the light of the political and economic pressure that the EU has put on the Eastern European countries in association with demands for certain investment in infrastructure.
According to financial statements that were circulating between the services of the authorizing officer and the Financial Controller, the ECU 30.76 million involved did, however, form part of the appropriations automatically carried over to the 1997 financial year. Moreover, this sum was also marked as legitimately carried over in a document dated 20 January 1997 and signed by the appropriate authorizing officer.
The difficulties in the Parliament appear, however, to be structural in nature. Unlike the ESC, Parliament has not given any cause to suspect fraud.
In some respects, however, the present system has its shortcomings, one of which has been repeatedly underlined by the European Parliament itself.
I would, however, like to put them in context.
One thing is clear, however; on closer inspection, it becomes apparent that, all the same, there are definite imbalances between the wealthier Member States.
Some are now suffering, however, and I do not think that the fear of evoking a lethal virus should lead us to ignore this problem completely.
Measures must be taken to control the Straits of Gibraltar, the Straits of Messina, and the most popular crossings. Above all, however, we must not look the other way, waiting for press headlines on large or small numbers of corpses washed up on our shores, waiting to have to regret the situation all over again.
Sanctions will have to be effective, however, and the various administrations will therefore need to cooperate.
Equally, however, we have the problem of the asylum seekers.
Madam President, nowadays, the European Union is a prime destination for many who, travelling from the Eastern countries, Latin America, and northern and central Africa, wish to cross its borders in search of solutions to the most pressing problems in their daily lives. What we are discussing today, however, is a flow of migration into the southern flank of Europe.
We had no problems in doing so but I would, however, like to raise several points that I feel strongly about in relation to the debate on immigrants from the southern Mediterranean.
It is not responsible, however, for internal matters, such as the conduct of police forces in a Member State.
The letter was not, however, addressed to the Council and therefore it would not be appropriate for the Council to respond.
Fiscal policy is primarily a national matter, however. We all know how sensitive people are to being told by the EU what tax policies they should adopt.
At the same time, however, we must provide information for the citizens and explain to them why we are undertaking such programmes.
Combating these diseases cannot, however, be just a matter of health policy, but their prevention requires action in all areas of social policy.
Article 129a of the Maastricht Treaty and then Article 153 of the Amsterdam Treaty set out certain actions, which however are not sufficient unless a programme of priority measures is established for the implementation of the existing general framework. This framework at last makes it possible to have a legal base for promoting actions in the interests of consumers, allowing for a budget line amounting to ECU 114 million over the next five years.
It is, however, also important to support the scientific committees and experimentation, so that the information campaign will adequately promote access and participation by consumers.
These important elements, however much they satisfied your rapporteur, were nevertheless unable to offset the refusal by the Commission and the Council to extend the directive's scope.
People seeking the recognition of qualifications should, however, be allowed to choose a method themselves by which they can show their qualifications: either through application tests or adaptation periods.
We must, however, look very seriously at the need to have courts that function in such a way that citizens can have confidence in them.
There would, however, be no change to the principle whereby the CFI sits in chambers composed of three or five judges.
Undoubtedly, and the Commission has taken this into account, when reading these statistics one is bound to conclude that no request for help, however modest, should be neglected. At the same time, however, is it reasonable to ease the CFI's workload to such a marginal extent by introducing, without further reflection, a reform as far-reaching as the introduction of a single judge into the Community's legal system?
It is also a matter of the trust of our citizens, however - trust in how the EU works and how funds are used there.
Let me add, however, that I personally regard that sum as a bare minimum.
At this point, however, let me make a comment about nuclear energy.
Before winding up, however, I should like to draw the House's attention to the two remaining programmes of the framework programme on energy, namely SAVE and Altener.
As you know, however, the budgetary authority - Parliament and the Council - took a different view in drawing up this programme within the overall framework of the financial perspectives.
In the second reading of the Cabrol report, however, we only have the opportunity to consider the individual amendments.
There is, however, an area in which, at the moment, we cannot guarantee equality to all our citizens.
I therefore take a positive view of the content of the report. I am abstaining from voting, however, because consumer protection and consumer health should in principle be a national matter and not a field in which the EU should dictate measures.
The single judge procedure must, however, be applied to a limited extent and under very stringent control, so that legal security and proper judicial legitimacy in the conduct of cases are safeguarded.
A solution can also be found, however, in a transfer of decision-making powers from the EU to the national parliaments.
In the short term, however, it is necessary to burn coal, gas and oil in order to avoid what is worse, namely an energy supply system based on nuclear energy.
I do however believe that the majority of them would agree to participate in the programmes, as it would be in their interest to do so.
We must point out, however, that Denmark has a reservation regarding supranational cooperation on immigration and asylum questions.
Regardless of this, however, the punishment of homosexual acts between consenting adults by flogging and up to 20 years imprisonment is an outrage.
I cannot say the same, however, for her unwelcome slurs on my colleague Mr Elles, particularly as he is not here to answer them.
It seems to me, however, that the Commission's present proposal is basically a tidying-up operation to amend the Statutes and remedy the situation for any future recruits.
There are also other deficiencies, however. The process takes too long, for example; we could do with shorter time lags before we can make comparisons.
What I find missing, however, is a reference to the need for statistics in future to be produced in such a way that they can be coordinated with geographic information, so that Eurostat can form part of a process of Europe-wide cooperation in this area.
We should, however, be able to popularise the information available on statistics in our countries. Then they could become more comparable.
This does not however prevent us from adopting it and leaving the Council the option of choosing one or the other.
Part of the stored amounts, together with the expenditure on this action, however, come under the WTO export obligations for the pigmeat sector.
In fact, the text seems to us to accurately take stock of the present crisis in the pigmeat sector, but it is nonetheless hollow. Above all, this resolution refrains from drawing lessons from the crisis and is devoid of any concrete proposals, which are, however, necessary and urgent for the farmers directly affected by this crisis.
We will, however, be voting in favour of this resolution as a sign of our concern for the scale of this crisis and our solidarity with the farmers affected.
At the same time, however, there are problems, which other speakers have mentioned, relating to the quality of the programmes and to the forecasting of job creation, and it would be desirable to deal with them.
I am sorry that the rapporteur totally ignores the importance of the maritime coastal areas of the EUROPEAN UNION Member States, which are, however, one of the major characteristics of the countries in the west of our continent.
The main blame for that, however, may not lie with our colleague Mr Koch, but with the Commission and the Council.
Since the 1950s, however, we have been caught in an unstoppable spiral, fed by agro-chemical multinationals and banks.
I do not believe, however, that in a resolution we can make statements of a general nature regarding the negative effects of chemical substances, because all that remains at the end of the day are these general allegations.
Programmes must, however, be comprehensive in their overall design.
In the long term, however, respect for private ownership will further biodiversity.
But as I used pyrotechnical terms earlier, I must make it very clear that these amendments are not, however, the result of fireworks from Parliament.
I would like to confirm, however, that a special effort needs to be made in the Council procedures to ensure that the various interest-groups involved are adequately coordinated.
Last night's discussion of our proposal showed, however, that there will only be new rules on allowances - and, in this specific case, travel expenses - if the Green Group is involved.
I could not, however, support Amendments Nos 20, 36 and 39, which deal with the legal basis, exemptions from the directive and the timing.
We need, however, to distinguish between the roles of the World Health Organisation, the EU and the Member States.
Let me, however, give you my own views on the issue.
The Commission and the Member States, however, will need to continue to discuss collectively the outcome of our contacts with civil society, set against the objectives in the original negotiating mandate agreed by the Council of Ministers.
I would like to propose, however, that we should be a little more ambitious in one respect, namely the matter of particulate emissions.
Some points are not fully developed, however, and I would underline what Mrs Dybkjær said just now, namely that the main purpose of this exercise should be to replace VOCs once and for all.
I will not, however, succumb to the temptation of summing up the current term.
It is my firm belief, however, that we can do a great deal, starting here and now, to ensure that the European Union takes a lead, as it should do, in world politics. We can also ensure that it remains an area of stability and economic development, whilst continuing to uphold the principles of solidarity and cohesion.
Let me strongly emphasise, however, that this will require the necessary will and solidarity on the part of all the Member States.
We venture to suggest however, that the main challenge for the Austrian Presidency is devising a plan for the future. The Austrian Presidency should not resign itself to going down in history as the forerunner to the German Presidency.
It also shows, however, that we must now send out signals to the effect that we have understood, respect and support their efforts.
We agree with cooperating in pursuit of the Petersberg tasks of peacekeeping, conflict resolution and humanitarian intervention. We do not, however, support military defence or the establishment of military or civilian rapid deployment corps.
The European Council, however, despite its much-advertised social-democrat majority, remains faithfully fixated upon monetarist, neo-liberal attitudes and persists with the same policy as its predecessor.
I would like to express the Liberal Group's appreciation of the agreement between Mr Holbrooke and Milosevic, with its provision for observers and so on. Commissioner van den Broek did however say that military withdrawal is not yet complete, and referred to Belgrade's imposition of tighter restrictions on the media and free speech.
I think the right approach would be, as the President-in-Office said, to involve Russia as far as possible in a peaceful solution, without however abandoning our objectives.
We have to work responsibly and not be motivated purely by our self-interest as Europeans. It is true, however, that the Latin American crisis may destabilise the European economy if we fail to express our solidarity and to take prompt and decisive action to safeguard the future.
I do have to say, however, Commissioner, that on this occasion a clear, effective and diligent response from the Commission was sorely lacking.
It was, however, badly affected by the flight of capital triggered by the situation in Russia.
It is incumbent on us in Europe to adopt policies, such as the easing of interest rates, to encourage growth, and the provision of appropriate financial support - not, however, just to help the rich and the speculators.
They will, however, provide and offer new services of a form and nature which will break down the traditional boundaries that exist between current forms of communication.
I would, however, say that there can be no information society without rights, either in Europe or the world at large.
We feel, however, that the need to have the ability to intervene in order to prevent disruptions on the currency markets has been underestimated.
It is clear, however, that surplus currency reserves of up to USD 200 billion must not remain unused in the long term.
It is certainly true, however, that we Europeans have been absorbed by the internal repercussions of the euro and have been slow to consider its external impact.
We must not be tempted by any objective, however noble, for using these reserves at once, flooding the world markets with dollars and drastically reducing that currency's value against the euro.
I think, however, that this point was strongly and rightly highlighted by your rapporteur.
There is, however, no such proof in respect of softwood trees.
Our committee, however, agreed to the high limit value once it had received an assurance from the Commission that the value would be amended downwards.
The SMEs affected do not by any means receive assistance, however, because if one Member State helps out its companies a great deal, and another cannot or does not want to do this, then a huge distortion in competition could arise.
The Commission, however, for one reason or another, has dragged its feet in deciding to ban the use of asbestos.
It is equally evident, however, that in many cases the Member States make excessive use of the discretion conferred on them by the concept of the general good, to justify applying their whole panoply of national regulations to foreign service providers.
It is clear, however, that this interpretation by the Commission can neither be binding on Member States nor impose fresh obligations on them.
The amendment calling for funds for a project to put an end to violence against women is, however, very much to be welcomed and we therefore voted in favour.
Not all the problems, however, have been solved - far from it.
We would have voted in favour, however, had the principle of reimbursement on the basis of real costs been carried.
We, however, do have a few suggestions as regards the European Parliament's budget:
That does not mean, however, that we have abandoned Denmark's reservations on the third stage of EMU, which remain in place, but that we are interested in what happens in this area, since the third stage of EMU will have great significance for Denmark, with or without our participation.
Let me say, however, that in my view Parliament was right to put this subject on its agenda, and that the House has used this time to good effect.
Let me deal in more detail, however, with some of the points that were raised.
At the present moment, however, the Commission is not in a position to make any forecasts about extending the useful life of nuclear power stations, the issue that is raised in paragraph 14.
The Commission's activity report submitted to Parliament does not, however, answer the question as to whether the general aims of the regulation have been achieved.
As rapporteur for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in this matter, however, I am asking for a proper evaluation to be made on the implementation and viability of the scheme.
There are, however, environmental differences and huge environment-related differences between the various countries.
In our part of the world, however, there are farmers who have a great many leased fields and have no influence over the fluctuation of these leased fields.
To do this, however, we must first have reliable and representative data.
I also wish to thank the rapporteur for supporting the reform of the common agricultural policy. In the present context, however, I believe there is no need for us to engage in a debate on Agenda 2000.
Many of the rejections, however, are also due to the fact that the Member States' interpretation of the CAP implementing provisions has differed from that of the Commission.
To achieve this goal, however, farms must not rely solely on grant aid.
Yesterday, however, an amendment by the Liberals on the Viola report was rejected for some incomprehensible reason.
This for instance would be a service that no bookshop, however large, could provide for consumers, and it would raise libraries' ability to compete.
Libraries, however, are helping in the struggle against this alternative approach and the electronic hullabaloo.
In the field of education, however, there was for instance the Lingua-Surda project, which was supported within the context of the former Lingua programme.
Mr President, Commissioner van den Broek just said, with reference to the progress made by Lithuania, that this progress must not, however, take the place of negotiations.
Given that the volume of traffic is still rising, however, unless guideline measures are taken in transport policy it will not be possible to reduce CO2 emissions; instead, they will rise by about 30 %.
Yet it took a long time for this idea, however persuasive in itself, to make any real headway.
To be realistic, however, there is not enough time to define comprehensive strategies and indicators between just two European Councils.
The continuous demand for transport services and mobility does, however, remain a challenge that we have not yet resolved.
We need partnership with our government colleagues, however difficult that may be on a day-to-day basis.
That does not mean, however, that all of us on the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection follow her entirely down that road.
The problem is that however difficult it may be to prove damages, you have to be able to show that a given product supplied by a given producer brought about this effect.
On the other hand, however, we cannot support the proposals contained in the rapporteur's report. As many of my colleagues have already explained, we do not think there is sufficient legal justification for them, nor do we feel they are appropriate from a political point of view.
As regards the farmers' liability for defective products, however, we must ensure at all costs that the producers of agricultural inputs - for example seeds, plant-protection and fertilising agents, as well as animal feed pursuant to Directive 85/374/EEC - can be held liable.
On the other hand, we differ from the Commission in that we feel that the essential features of the current programmes must be preserved, because the results have been satisfactory, even though the expectations aroused far exceed what the budget for the programmes has allowed. In defending its proposal, however, the Commission is very critical of the results of current programmes.
It is bound to point out, however, that the proposed budget of ECU 167 million was arrived at on the basis of the budget programming authorised by our institutions and may only be revised by the two arms of the budgetary authority, Parliament and the Council.
In terms of visual images, as the rapporteur remarked, the sight of a lorry held up on a highway is unfortunately all too common. So far as I am aware, however, the problem for workers has never been that they have been physically prevented from crossing a border or reaching their place of work, which would have been the equivalent situation.
We all know, however, what an essential role SMEs play in terms of innovation, job creation and regional development, particularly in rural areas.
I support this, as I believe that new communication technologies should get rid of the problems relating to distance; however, I would emphasise here the importance of the irreplaceable element of face-to-face meetings.
We note, however, that there is no strategically new concept.
There is one further comment that I feel I have to make, however, before I finish.
A much longer stay, and a much longer experience, such as that involved in the voluntary service, is more expensive; however, it does have more of an impact. It is therefore difficult to come to a decision;
It is, however, the language requirements that I think should be given top priority.
As the deputy chairman of the Malta delegation, however, I have to say that I am extremely surprised that there is no suggestion of including Malta more closely in the programmes.
In previous votes, however, it was you who asked for most of the separate votes.
In that respect I cannot support this oral amendment however good it might be.
The amended directive that was presented to us yesterday also comes into this category although it includes, however, one regrettable exaggeration that I would like to highlight here.
The rapporteur did not stop there, however, and by playing on the emotional aspect of the BSE crisis, has put forward proposals that are totally excessive and unrealistic.
I agree with all the observations made by my colleague Édouard des Places on the substance of this issue and, in particular, on the need to apply the system of liability for defective products further up the chain, that is, to apply it to those supplying agricultural products, such as cattle feed, seed, etcetera. What I would like to talk about, however, are the serious legal problems presented by certain amendments.
There is no doubt, however, that we have to improve the existing system, particularly in terms of the administration of the programme.
It is unfortunate that the rapporteur has not included any mention of the link between the irregularities discovered and the refusal to grant discharge, which is, however, at the heart of the debate.
There are, however, provisions governing the transmission of documents to judicial authorities.
I note with pleasure, however, that Commissioner Liikanen is here with us.
What we must ensure, however, is that we do not prevent the Member States from cooperating effectively in relation to mutual assistance and extradition provisions
The overall package of proposals to protect the euro from counterfeiting and fraud does, however, seem to be a useful instrument for tackling these problems.
Rapid access to clinical trials, however regulated, is ethically beneficial to the extent that it allows patients, especially those suffering from serious diseases, to be treated at an early stage.
At the same time, however, they must comply with international requirements in this field.
Rest assured, however, that elections in the Netherlands will not be held in accordance with our agenda but in accordance with the arrangements made by the Dutch authorities.
It is not only with ECHO that there are problems with external staff, however, but also with the PHARE, TACIS and MED programmes, where some of the operating appropriations may be used for programme support, i.e. for outside experts.
Of this amount, however, only ECU 85 billion has been spent so far, in other words more than ECU 90 billion is still waiting to be disbursed.
In the case of customs duties and agricultural levies, however, no assurance can be given as to whether all taxable imports have actually been declared and have generated the corresponding revenue.
As regards the transactions underlying the payments, however, the Court is again, as in previous years, unable to given any positive assurance, as they are affected by too many irregularities.
We are looking forward to receiving it, but the Court does, however, make several comments regarding the budgetary heading B3-300.
In the meantime, however, it has emerged that, despite this, more of the operational budget is once again being spent on a decentralised staffing policy and in particular on employing external consultants and experts.
At the same time, however, it might be said that those guidelines which were the most precisely, most exactly formulated have also produced the best results, and that is an argument for continuing with the strategy.
At the same time, however, the totally inadequate employment recovery must be regarded as a challenge for the Union and the Member States to achieve a better and more balanced policy mix and to improve coordination of economic, financial and employment policies.
What is true, however, is that some Member States of the European Union are applying principles that are producing excellent results where job creation is concerned.
And he rightly sets his proposal in the context of the fight against unemployment. My group has, however, tabled an amendment calling for a slightly more radical approach to cutting working hours in Europe, and I would recommend that colleagues vote for this.
On closer study, however, we see that unemployment has fallen to a lesser degree than the economy has grown in the same period.
His report tells us that, according to the data available, unemployment has actually fallen this year; however, we should not raise our hopes unduly, because the situation in Europe is only marginally positive.
It is important, however, that any such coordination should proceed along appropriate lines, because otherwise we could all be coordinated, all have the same policy, and end up by increasing unemployment.
This year's revision of the guidelines is, however, a good opportunity to further develop this dimension of the strategy.
Now, however, the original German version of the amendments has also been changed for presentation to the House.
In this case, however, the text concerned was deleted following the adoption of an amendment to delete it.
Eleven out of the 15 Member States are more or less sure to go ahead, however, and we accept that the consequences will have to be dealt with as best as possible.
The Commission mentions it only randomly, however, instead of devoting a chapter to it.
The Commission communication, however, contains an assortment of good ideas that have been put into practice but only very modest plans for the future.
In an increasingly global world economy, however, there is more to it than trade relations alone.
Against this I must say, however, that the implementation, type and scale of the measures will depend on the level of financial and staff resources made available by you for 1999.
On 17 November 1998, however, the Ohio State Court where the case was pending dismissed the action brought by the Ohio corporation.
From your point of view, however, the present system has three serious shortcomings. It is complex - national patents exist alongside Community patents -, it is costly, and it does not offer uniform protection in all the Member States.
Sponsoring research is one element of a policy supportive of innovation. At the same time, however, it is of crucial importance to guarantee effective legal protection of industrial property throughout the EU.
This, however, can and should no longer be the task of this House and its Members.
Until agreement is reached on the individual issues, however, an alternative way of guaranteeing the free movement of goods and the proper functioning of the internal market will have to be found.
The present report, however, does not merely deal with one of the many aspects of this strategic domain, but also analyses the current situation in its entirety, and on that basis devises a coherent European policy for the future.
It is threatened, however, by the United States, which benefits from considerable aid for technological development and has been able to anticipate the consequences of international competition.
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy did, however, favour the introduction of a gold 100 euro coin, and of course the material value and production cost of this coin must not significantly exceed its monetary value, which would mean that the 100 euro coin could perhaps be equal in size to a French 20 centime coin.
To be perfectly honest, however, I must say that Parliament was aware of this a year ago and came up with some very sound proposals.
It is also clear, however, that it is the countries applying for accession themselves that must make the main efforts to qualify for accession.
Given that administrative problems still exist, and given the need to catch up here, it is however necessary for the efficient implementation of the projects to ensure project-related support for the appropriate administrative bodies.
The problem, however, is that these countries must start on the difficult journey which we in the West have already completed.
We have, however, tabled two amendments on which we would like to hear the Commission's position before the vote on this report.
Far more important, however, is Amendment No 1.
In our view, however, these principles are already defined in the PHARE, ISPA and SAPAR regulations, and the amendments are therefore, in our opinion, redundant.
At the same time, however, I would urge the Commission to see to it that Objective 1 regions are treated equally when resources are distributed.
The question of integrating environmental issues with regional, structural and cohesive funding does not, however, go far enough in the Commission's proposal.
We have, however, substantial and real underprivileged and underdevelopment, in particular in the west and in parts of Dublin and other urban blackspots.
In the fight against misfortune and tragedy, and very often against reality - however hard it may be -, the best weapons, although they may not seem like it, are not the resources that have to be used in an efficient and coordinated manner, as Mrs Ferrero-Waldner pointed out.
It will, however, take years to rebuild the economies of these countries which were, in any case, desperately poor.
Since early 1997, however, we have been witnessing the dangerous standstill of this development with growing concern.
Given the present lack of trust between the contracting parties, the Wye Memorandum may, however, very easily be at risk.
Israel did, however, signal its willingness to cooperate with the Arab side on the questions of water and infrastructure - for instance railway construction.
Those that do exist should however be recognised, such as the ratification by the Knesset yesterday.
On the other hand, however, Israel has tied that decision to certain conditions, and then there is the government action regarding Jerusalem, in particular Har Homa.
I do so in the awareness that the peace process in the Middle East is not just a question of foreign policy and the European Union's association agreements, however important both aspects are, especially in the context of the Barcelona programme.
Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, it is to be regretted that just a few weeks after the Wye Plantation Agreement we have seen a series of damaging remarks and threats made on both sides that, although they have been withdrawn very recently, can only be described as very dangerous and unproductive. We do, however, welcome the fact that the Israeli Parliament has ratified this Agreement.
Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to add my voice to those who have agreed to support the Knesset's ratification of the Wye Plantation Agreement, with one exception, however: they have added a number of conditions that, to a certain extent, almost amount to a denunciation of the Agreement.
At the same time, however, it is sad that the agreement was reached in the United States, under the aegis of the United States and not in Salzburg or Vienna under the aegis of the European Union.
From the points of view of the economy and regional policy, however, we think it is essential that ESF funds are also provided under Objective 2 for the development of human resources.
It has already been stressed many times that the Commission is prepared to consider changes to its proposal, not however to compromise on the principle.
Moreover, experience teaches us that, however much we try, it is still probable that we would not succeed in including all the different possibilities in the text of this kind of regulation.
The need for grouping does however differ from year to year and from one Member State to the next, so please allow us the flexibility that would be required to help out when good projects are actually presented to us.
With regard to this point, however, I must point out that there has been a change in the position of some delegations on the agricultural guideline, as well as on the question of shifting some fiscal burdens from the CAP purse back to the Member States.
The work that has been done on this subject, however, indicates that the Member States have different concepts of suitability.
Others, however, believe that radical changes to the system are indispensable.
While we on this side of the Atlantic are busy drastically reforming the agriculture policy that we feel we need, those on the other side are sending out completely different signals, however understandable this may be, by suddenly increasing their subsidies enormously.
We must point out, however, that like some other objectives, the objective of developing the countryside will be nothing more than wishful thinking unless it is accompanied by sufficient funding.
The figure of 1.27 % cannot, however, be a definitive standard.
The fact remains, however, that because of the total absorption of national resources, the potential for applying any national developmental policy is decisively limited and necessarily moves within the framework of Community imperatives.
I should, however, like to express my own frustration and that of my group at the report being constantly rescheduled this week.
Ethnic or religious persecution can, however, also constitute grounds for refugee status.
I do, however, endorse my group's opinion that it is possible, either before or when the refugees arrive, to allocate them to individual Member States.
The gist of this first draft on the actual important issue of burden-sharing was, however, as follows: in the event of a mass influx of refugees, the Council considers the appropriate measures, so not with the objective of approving assistance.
You will also see, however, that the solidarity measures - the assistance - require unanimity to be approved and are not a binding stipulation; in the Commission proposal this is only a 'may' provision.
We know from practical experience, however, how difficult it is, when people have already spent three years in a country, to make it possible for them to return home and to help them to reintegrate.
In the meantime, however, - as Mr Pirker rightly said - the capacity of the Austrian population to bear this burden has reached its limit.
What is unacceptable, however, is for you to give some colleagues the floor after 4 p.m. and postpone others' interventions to this evening.
We should bear in mind, however, that behaviour of this kind also violates the laws of Islam, because freedom of religion is also one of the Prophet Mohammed's explicit commands; we should remember this ourselves and remind our counterparts of it.
I have the impression, however, that Turkey itself does not believe that.
Such results must not, however, blind us to the economic realities: as we approach the new century, we are losing ground.
It is, however, mainly about harmonising technical rules to combat illegal immigration and about better checks at airports.
I do not believe, however, that after another five years of unanimity, the Council will find it any easier to act by a qualified majority than it does now.
We do, however, want to make the Council stronger than the Member States and thus help it to take common action, including on visas and illegal immigration.
I believe, however, that given that we have common external borders, we need to have common rules on visas and visa stamps.
We will, however, look into the possibility of formulating a further proposal once the Amsterdam Treaty enters into force.
The provisions adopted must, however, be in line with the spirit and the letter of the Geneva Convention and European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms.
I would like to turn your attention, however, to the fact that the rapporteur has recommended cooperation with non-member countries, but only with regard to central and eastern European countries.
The second part of the amendment relating to the continuous adaptation of Community and national legislation does seem, however, to be very useful.
But the introduction of the euro certainly does not nearly complete our task, because however enormous the achievements of the Union and its Member States, of which we are rightly proud, people today still tend to have confused perceptions of our common future.
The name Vienna has a fascinating ring and this European Council might be the moment for Europe to make some sort of declaration of a very general nature. According to the statement by the Austrian Presidency, however, specific achievements are being sought.
Opening negotiations by no means implies that they will be completed overnight; it does however mean bringing these countries to the negotiating table on a par with the other states, Poland, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary and so on. On this point my report, as adopted by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, clearly indicates to the Council and Commission that they should reassess their verdict on Latvia and initiate negotiations with this country without further delay.
I must underline, however, that Slovakia will continue to be treated in exactly the same way as the other candidates, namely on the basis of the Copenhagen criteria.
There are two problems, however: Mochovce and Bohunice.
Once again, we have here a list of wishes which we know from experience and having dealt with three Turkish governments will not be satisfied in a hurry, however desirable that may be.
I very much fear, however, that what we are to vote on tomorrow is not in fact the Statute for Members of the European Parliament.
We do, however, have a good opportunity to improve the draft by means of amendments.
At the same time, however, we do represent a single people in that we represent the people of the Union, which now expects its Members of Parliament to take this step whereby they can establish their credentials as representatives of the peoples.
The Council, however, rejected our proposal and since then the problem has remained outstanding.
We should be seeking an absolute majority, because it would be illogical for us to make do with a smaller majority while requiring an absolute majority for any amendment, however insignificant, to the Rules of Procedure.
The potential for crises, however, must be reduced, because crises in today's financial markets affect the real economy.
This is not the case, however, in the article to which we are referring.
In our amendments, however, we have sought to place the emphasis on the importance of finding a political solution to the Kurdish question in Turkey.
In practice, however, it is desirable for the Member States taking part in EMU to express a common opinion or position.
Over the past few weeks, however, some have been seeking to transform this important and serious exercise into a purely political affair.
In such a case, however, I would like to see one or two others go as well.
According to the Treaties, however, the European Parliament does have a horizontal remit to check that taxpayers' money is being correctly spent within the EU.
We would not however be behaving with any degree of responsibility if we refused discharge or submitted a motion of censure - which would be a logical consequence of such a decision.
Too often in the past expertise has been learned in the rather narrow field of important dossiers, however, management of a large service requires knowledge of the dossiers and the capacity to manage resources and budgets.
It must be said from the outset that the budgetary authority is not in a position to solve the Court's wide-ranging problems through an intensive recruitment policy, which would be virtually impossible over a single budget year; it would however be possible if it were staggered according to a multiannual plan.
The Council and the European Parliament delegation agreed, however, not to include this relatively small adjustment from the draft budget in the total budget amount for Category 1, but to revise the various items in the earlier total on the basis of the most recent estimates.
I do, however, have a number of concerns.
I should, however, like to use this opportunity to emphasise, on behalf of the committee, that we feel like the hinge between Parliament and the citizens of Europe.
We must not forget, however, that one of the aims of this report - which has a united committee behind it - is to influence public opinion. Yet some of the assertions made here are based on pure speculation as to developments in the non-participating countries.
We would however draw attention to several unresolved problems with regard to the EU's research policy.
The report on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee laments, however, the need for unanimity in Council.
It is very hard to draw the line between nuclear safety research and new reactor research. In order to avoid a fresh proliferation of nuclear power, however, the distinction must be made before any further projects are commenced.
Before any new enlargement the European Union must, however, see to it that the policies of the separate northern dimension are realised and that next year the means are found to make progress on those issues designed to make policies in the European Union's Nordic regions more effective.
An approach of this kind will not necessarily increase our citizens' confidence, however; it must seem to them as if their national private law were being eroded bit by bit, by the back door as it were.
The problem of unemployment is of crucial importance, and I do not believe that it can be tackled solely through financial or administrative measures, however flexible these may be.
I would, however, like to respond to certain points and questions that were raised and to clarify certain issues.
Under the new Treaty of Amsterdam, however, the President of the Commission will have an entirely different role to the one he currently has.
Sufficient attention is still not being paid to the problem, however, and that is why the Commission has sent a further communication to the Council.
As far as regulatory aspects are concerned, however, the Commission would point out that these fall under the auspices of the competent authorities in the Member States.
The Andorran authorities stressed, however, that they could neither produce statistics on cigarette sales, nor could they ascertain the final destination of the goods in question.
Reality does not always match their dreams, however, and many find themselves struggling to survive under very difficult conditions.
The central issue from my point of view, however, is that there are people actually in hiding in the EU and elsewhere in Europe.
It is the refugees, however, who require our particular attention.
On the other hand, of course, we all know that discounts also exist, and there can be discounts for particular professions, educational groups, companies, authorities and so on. I do believe, however, that it would definitely be appropriate for the Commission to express a clear opinion on this matter.
What I would say, however, is that not only must the nature of the information be different, but so must the type of language and the practical methods used.
The problem is, however, that most countries have not yet taken a decision on that.
This House is convinced, however, in view of the broad support which my report has received, that this is not right.
We have to remember that, although fishing is a very small part of the European Union total gross domestic product, or however we should like to measure it, to those communities such as western France, Italy and Ireland, a few areas in the United Kingdom and some in Spain, fishing is about the only thing they have.
As fishing activities decline, however, these investments will become economically less viable.
Mr President, though I acknowledge the considerable amount of work that the rapporteur has had to do, I would, however, like a number of my colleagues, like to express my disagreement on one very important aspect of his report.
The different rules existing in the Member States on the pensionable age, however, make it impossible to set a single minimum age across the board.
(Loud applause) Mr President, I do however wish to comment on the Minutes as yesterday evening during the night sitting, as rapporteur for the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, I presented its recommendation for second reading of the regulation on the statistics on trade in goods between Member States.
From what we know, however, Leila Zana is still in prison in Ankara, and a new sentence was passed upon her - two years if I am not mistaken.
There were, however, no guarantees that this new type of meeting would be a success.
Politically, however, I regret the failure of the Vienna Council to adopt specific decisions of substance.
Not that all this is now behind us, but in particular through the external representation of the euro - and however critically one might regard some aspects and I would also like to see the Commission have more scope here - it has now been made clear that we must not forget that we are or can be a global power, perhaps one should say a global factor.
I should like to congratulate Mr Souchet on his efforts to find solutions that preserve equity between all the fishermen affected in the Member States. At the same time, however, I clearly oppose the fact that a measure that Parliament has sought for so long and that has been supported by such a broad majority, which took such a long time to achieve, might now be suspended due to a legal appeal.
It cannot accept being controlled by the nations that do, however, pay for it.
The report, however, neither hides nor sweetens the reality.
At the same time, however, we also wish to give active support to positive trends.
What I do not praise, however, is the Bureau's organisation, with us sitting up here while the Sakharov prize is being discussed downstairs.
The question arises, however, of how credible those declarations are.
A prerequisite for this, however, is that it must cease adulterating them with other short-sighted and selfish criteria.
Respect for human rights must, however, begin here at home.
Clearly, however, we need to agree what all of this means.
So far, however, the practical financing has not always proved possible, because the attempt at a resumption of talks between the two ethnic groups failed.
I take it, however, that the Rule enables those of us who are not actually the questioners to ask supplementaries anyway. Otherwise we would not have come here today.
The international community as a whole and the European Union in particular must, however, continue their efforts to bring about a genuinely lasting peace.
There is one thing missing, however, when we speak of the right to life.
The citizens know, however, that good organisation of prisons, with transparency of sentencing, secure establishments and clear alternative sentences which are comprehensible to the general public, also forms part of this peaceful coexistence.
On one point, however, the Council seems to have forgotten this in its discussions.
In the end, however, it is probably better to outlaw certain industries, since we know the effects that they have.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my group has come to believe that however complex the issues, there are a number of points which are very clear to do with the United Nations, our objectives and the need for legal measures to be taken against Saddam.
The Committee on Budgetary Control has not, however, done so.
I do have to say, however, that the Austrian Presidency, which has essentially been very proficient, made an unforgivable blunder in its declaration on behalf of the Council, when it used the term 'western Balkans' in its description of the situation in Croatia.
I do, however, trust that the Commission will come up with a broader package for Northern Ireland.
What is far more crucial, however, is that we should learn from the situation in Northern Ireland and from other cases too that it is necessary for the European Union to play its part in establishing a deadline for the resolution of these conflicts.
Mr President, sometimes the intake of a muscle-building substance is dictated by ignorance, and those who encourage the use of anabolic substances, erythropoietin, growth hormone or other such substances are unaware of the precise advantages and drawbacks of such usage, but do not hesitate to suggest their use in order to make a profit, however substantial that may or may not be.
Very often, however, even people who are familiar with the effects of the substances administered suggest their use regardless.
We note with great concern, however, that in this respect the United States and its constituent states - death-penalty statutes being the responsibility of individual state legislatures - are regrettably putting themselves on the same level as countries with which they would not wish to be compared.
The United States, however, prides itself on being the leading democracy in the world.
There is, however, one point that we must make as forcefully as possible.
This report outlines a number of possible reforms. I do, however, reject the suggestion that illicit drugs should be decriminalised in prison.
The Commission's action plan is, however, somewhat disappointing as it is not an operational plan, but a strategic one.
To be inoculated, however, is probably not enough.
We should not forget, however, that measures can actually be taken in every domain of our activity in the European Parliament to curb these appalling tendencies.
How we get there, however, is where we do not agree.
The European Union, Parliament, the Commission and the Council perform this little miracle daily. It remains true, however, as was stated earlier, that one of the principal features of Community legislation is, to a large extent, the intergovernmental nature of the negotiations within the Council.
I can, however, confirm that the Commission seeks to apply this principle.
I did, however, indicate that my group was divided.
The Greens had, however, and still have some concerns regarding the scope of application of the directive.
I will, however, in the light of the paper that I got yesterday, withdraw Amendments 10, 11 and 12 as they are now covered.
As funding under the PHARE and TACIS programmes is, however, limited, as has been said here, it is absolutely vital to ensure effective coordination with other Community action, so that the greatest possible benefit may be derived from the programmes.
In other areas, however, such as digital signatures, copyright in the information society, the residential rules applicable to workers and credit service telesales, discussions are still in progress both in the Council and in Parliament.
There are others, however, whose motives are more about the smell of an election in their nostrils or a particular domestic agenda to which they are playing.
I must begin, however, by expressing my warmest thanks to the 60 Members who have had the courage to put their names to another motion of censure, a genuine motion of censure.
I prefer to assume it is an oversight, a piece of carelessness which is unlike you, however, and I hope that you will remedy this oversight with Parliament's administrative services.
In Florence, however, the response of the European Council was polite but cool.
To clarify matters, however, I shall draw up clear rules of conduct for outside appointments.
We had heated debates on mini-budgets, on BSE, and we have had heated arguments over individual shortcomings in the overall machinery of the Commission - which I think is the least of our problems, however harsh that may sound.
In the meantime, however, the Commission's insensitive attitude plus other cases which have come to light have altered the picture, so that this censure vote has become more likely.
By and large however, and I will conclude on that note, political agreement plays a central, a crucial role.
For there are fears in Europe, however unjustified they may be, that Europe and Germany are only looking to the east now and forgetting the issue of relations with the south.
I believe that we must adhere to the position that we can only have a settlement in Kosovo that is a peaceful settlement and that is in the end reached through consensus - however difficult that may be.
So I do not believe the OSCE mission should be withdrawn. I do believe, however, that it needs protecting and that we must do our utmost to strengthen the troops who are in the region, especially in Macedonia, in FYROM, which will be a means of protecting the OSCE.
I do however ask myself whether Europe is in fact strong enough even to settle its own internal affairs.
But we consider it extremely important, and the foreign ministers agreed on this, to formulate a central strategy, which cannot, however, be regarded as the conventional kind of assistance, as Russia is too big to allow us to talk in terms of assistance; it is a far too important, central partner in terms of European security, European stability.
But when I think of the practical end results, Mrs Pack - and I beg you not to misunderstand my words as any unseemly criticism of your position, for which I have great sympathy - I believe there is no option other than a strategy of stabilisation, however imperfect it may be at present.
The risk is, however, that those citizens will become increasingly disaffected.
There is much talk of working towards greater transparency and openness to bring the institutions of the European Union closer to the citizen. What is really at issue, however, is making the new Europe and its institutions democratically legitimate.
The road ahead, however, is still a long one.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as I have been allocated so little time, I am not going to comment on the technical aspects, however interesting, of the reports before us.
It can be no coincidence, however, that countries with EU borders have moved faster towards EU membership than others further away.
Some things however remain constant: its geographical position is important, as Mr Schwaiger emphasised, and a major plus for its own future development.
That question lapses, however, as the author is not present.
This does not mean that it no longer has links with national channels, as the latter retain their investment in Euronews. At present, however, ITN - an independent channel - is the main owner.
I do think, however, that we can do better than we are doing at present.
As you will be aware, Weimar is the European City of Culture for 1999. It seemed to us however, and particularly to me, that there was scope for improving the procedure.
I should however stress that the principle of subsidiarity will be strictly observed in any actions undertaken by the Commission.
The Commission would however point out that the only Community provision relating to the question raised by the honourable Member is the directive on package travel, package holidays and package tours.
The new element, however - and the Commission is pursuing this possible solution - is Canada's apparent readiness to contemplate an interpretative statement making clear that Bill C-27 relates only to the application of the United Nations agreement.
I am however keen to stress that the absence of a binding dispute settlement mechanism is certainly not to our advantage.
What I do not understand, however, is why, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, Mr Howitt is seeking to delete the good example of the United States from Amendment No 10.
At the present time, two satellite navigation systems are available for use - the American GPS and the Russian GLONASS. Both of these systems, however, have distinct disadvantages as far as we Europeans are concerned.
There is, however, one problem, which is the question of funding.
An essential precondition is to apply policies to remove the existing imbalance between southern and northern ports; there is no sign of this, however, in the Green Paper's strategy.
For this very reason, however, we consider it important that some aspects which the Commission has to a certain extent endorsed should appear not only in the recitals but also in the body of the text.
As the report makes clear, however, these projects require substantial financial resources and a considerable economic commitment, and the Member States' current difficulties in supporting such ventures through public funding are becoming increasingly apparent.
In its efforts to ensure the protection of personal data, however, the Commission goes rather too far.
Unfortunately, however, participants in the 'climax' are rather thin on the ground.
In view of the proposed amount of compensation, the price reduction should, however, be substantially smaller overall than the Commission is seeking.
In allocating 1 % to young farmers and 1 % to producers in mountain areas, however, it should also be possible, in the latter case, to take account of less-favoured mountain areas, although only as far as the quantity allocated is concerned.
I was lucky, however, in my appointment as rapporteur because, Mr Fischler, I can congratulate you: the committee has approved in full the Commission's proposal on direct support schemes and their modulation.
I shall, however, try to make a better job of doing so than you did in your remarks.
At the same time the document does not, however, pay sufficient attention to other uses of farm land.
I should like to make it clear, however, that I believe it is essential to safeguard the interests of European agriculture, to invest the European model of agriculture with tangible initiatives, and to bolster rural areas by encouraging sustainable development.
If possible, however, I will try to save some time at the end of the debate.
If this model is not to be doomed, however, we not only need to gear it more closely to consumers and the markets, we also need to strengthen policies on rural areas.
Crucial here are, however, the positive effects which the reform will have on the economy.
This would mean, however, that the budget year in which the change was made would last twelve and a half months, resulting in a one-off cost to the budget of around EUR 800 million.
These can, however, already be financed under the Guarantee Section at the moment, and are indeed financed by it to some extent.
It does seem, however, that this proposal is meeting with strong resistance here in Parliament - but not only here - and I shall therefore give further consideration to how this fact can be taken into account.
At the same time, however, Member States are obliged to notify the Commission of their national provisions before they are enacted.
In the case of maize, I should, however, like to emphasise two points.
I must also tell you, however, that the Commission cannot accept changes aimed at radically redistributing aid, or gearing Community instruments - such as, for example, the calculation of yields for the intervention system - to the national specifications of particular Member States, and to the detriment of other Member States.
Making it compulsory to apply this rule Community-wide would, however, cause serious problems, in particular with regard to carrying out checks and the definition of work units, which differs from Member State to Member State.
The Member States should, however, be able to make direct payments conditional on compliance with environmental requirements.
Clearly, however, this would have corresponding consequences for the budget.
That might mean, however, that after the vote we have to ask you once again whether you can accept the amendments.
This increasing lack of acceptance on the part of the general public cannot, however, be written off as academic debate, and thus as not having any repercussions.
Detailed criticism in this House should not, however, result in total rejection of reform, which would only become necessary with eastward enlargement.
We think, however, that in many areas the action being taken is too half-hearted.
In 2006, we - or however many of us are still around then - will discuss this, but a deadline should be given.
Finally, in relation to the horizontal regulation, although we are delighted that it tries to correct some imbalances within the CAP, we do however regret the fact that there is a danger that this will be unworkable.
I wonder, however, with whom we are supposed to compete.
The compensatory payments to farmers do not, however, cover the resulting loss of income, and thus endanger the farming community.
The European farming industry is, however, very diverse and structured in smaller units than is the case in the United States, for example; it is hard to make a direct comparison.
From experience, however, we cannot rely on a simple trickle-down effect where human rights are concerned.
In my view, an instrument that allows individual Commissioners to be dismissed is so important that I intend to vote for paragraph III(1); however, I should make it clear that I am opposed to the Commission having the sole right of legislative initiative.
I believe, however, that there is still much room for improvement and I have two things to say, one general and one particular.
Without women, there is no solution to this problem and that is the truth of the matter, however much we may resent it.
The outcome or compromise, as the President-in-Office, Mr Funke, deliberately repeated several times this morning, must however take account of a long-standing culture which is remote from the real interests of consumers and producers.
We have often been called upon to tell farmers the truth, so in my view we need to make one thing clear over and over again: if we reduce European agriculture - however it may be defined - solely to supplying raw materials for the European market, it will fail.
In the meantime, however, as you know, there are also other considerations such as stabilisation models that are very much worthy of examination.
On the other hand, however, we know that it was as a result of practical experience that we decided to favour longer periods.
The details have yet to be worked out, however, so that there can be no excuses.
In view of ongoing progress in telecommunications technology, however, it is being considered whether the resolution needs clarification on a series of points, pertaining to satellite systems and the Internet in particular.
Our much-esteemed Competition Commissioner is with us, however, and perhaps he can enlighten me.
We have come together to deliberate over a text; tomorrow we shall be voting on our amendments. As far as I can see, however, we have been overtaken by events.
We do know, however, that this can cause difficulties for SMEs, who often do not have the necessary language expertise to hand.
Rules, however, must not hinder developments, but lead and alter, and be flexible.
I should perhaps remind people, however, that today's discussion touches on only one element of the information society.
Much to my dismay, however, the Culture Committee fails to see this.
There is a danger, however, that people will begin to believe all this constant talk of how America has got poor little Europe pinned against the wall.
Unlike the Commission, however, we would like to see all new infringement cases subject to this assessment with clear time-limits, not just upon request, because then we would be back to the situation that I just described.
I do not believe, however, that that would be a satisfactory approach.
Thanks to the Commission's Green Paper and Mrs Larive's report, however, we can appreciate the true range of the subject.
I do however agree that there are good - very good - reasons for telling a complainant why, for example, his case has been closed.
Let us hope, however, that the postal services people will soon be up and about.
It would, however, be rather strange to start revising the directive before the consequences of the original have been properly assessed.
Only a universal service is capable of ensuring that each and every European citizen, however remote his or her place of residence, has access to postal facilities.
Our own right to propose would be totally undermined, however, if I or any of my Commission colleagues were systematically to advocate what Parliament wanted - particularly since you will have noticed that the parliamentary position is not clear at this stage.
At the same time, however, they are still outside this Parliament's competence, since we are only entitled to be consulted until the codecision procedure has been introduced.
However, other members of the group, notably our Irish, Italian and Portuguese colleagues, have decided to grant the Commission mitigating circumstances and not to vote for censure, so as not to give rise to an institutional crisis at a time when Europe is faced with enormous challenges. This leniency cannot, however, be interpreted by the Commission as a blank cheque of confidence.
It is extraordinary, however, that Parliament has found it necessary to establish such a wide-ranging inquiry.
In practice, however, things turned out somewhat differently.
We parliamentarians, however, criticised the fact that the weapons being surrendered were arms from the Second World War, not the weapons that had been used in the civil war.
A cease-fire, however, is still a step short of peace.
I must say, however, that I personally would have preferred this parliamentary resolution to be tabled after the Security Council resolution.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is extremely important that this resolution has been brought before Parliament, because it may play a part, however small, in re-establishing what is currently lacking in Sierra Leone, as in so many other countries of sub-Saharan Africa, and that is a minimal sense of statehood.
Many factors, however, can contribute to a commercial decision to relocate a plant.
Generally speaking, however, the problems of how the European funds are used remain enormous.
We must realise, however, that it is Utopian to call for a European legal framework governing EU-based companies with worldwide operations, and that such a framework would even be illegal because of its extraterritorial character.
There must, however, be some compulsory minimum standards.
Unfortunately, however, things are not as simple as that.
To achieve this, however, many countries need support, which we should provide in the areas of development policy and cooperation with the ACP countries.
Without wishing to polemicise over this issue I would however like to say that the EU must in future set a good example.
Allow me, however, to make a slight criticism of this report that seems to me to be very important.
At the same time, however, we need to inform third countries, especially the ACP countries, about these opportunities and, above all, about the opportunities in rural development, where, for example, cooperatives and producer groups could implement these uncomplicated technologies.
During the first stage, however, we will still need financial incentives.
The earth, however, will not tolerate this kind of democratised energy consumption if we go on the way we are.
I also believe, however, that we all know the success of Europe's economy will be judged not so much in monetary terms but in relation to the real economy, and there the situation is not at all encouraging.
I suspect, however, that the enforcement of the CFP, despite repeated efforts, remains ineffective.
As I said, however, it is not our job to check whether it comes from one source or another, but we must ensure that the directive is complied with.
Bullets and gunpowder, however, are not the way to resolve such conflicts.
These are to be found within the armed forces, although capability may certainly vary from one country to another. In the main, however, they can supply qualified personnel, technologies, advanced technological resources, organisational capacity and military methods of research and development.
What is, however, important and right, is for the governments to have to pay for environmental damage and to apply the polluter pays principle here.
It would be in its own interests, however, to reduce emissions.
For however many mistakes Mr Gorbachev made, those words are crucial.
Against the backdrop of the Asian crisis, however, these reforms are likely to come under pressure this coming year as economic growth slows.
What I would urge, however, is that it should be possible in future - in the near future, Commissioner, not the distant future - to extend this procedure, currently at the experimental stage, to all sensitive sectors still governed by specific rules on control over state aid.
When I look at the Communities' competition law in regard to, for instance, cartels and subsidies I find, however, that it is in fact being reviewed continuously and as required.
The crux of the matter now, however, is to involve them in the preparation process, so that we do not have a situation in which they accede to membership of the Union without having made the necessary preparations and therefore cannot be integrated into the European system of burden-sharing.
We do, however, benefit from maintaining the natural span of spices and preservatives which are used in our stores and which are kept for long periods of time.
Speaking personally and on behalf of no one, however, I must also say that the European Union will surely have to prepare itself to accept the WTO ruling, and that further adjustments may have to be accepted at some future date.
The report, however, is only concerned with the package of compensatory payments proposed by the Commission, even though they are not part of a legal framework.
In the interim, however, a critical event has taken place in the progress of what has become known as 'the banana war', and as a result, the debate has become political rather than technical.
What we shall be able to do, however, is to provide details in the new report of the progress that has been made in implementing the stricter consumer safeguards.
No such controversy, however, attaches to systematically applied environmental technology, in which we Europeans already lead the field.
To do this, however, we must consciously address the problem, and for that we need a very substantive employment pact, not just a finely worded document. We are in agreement on that.
Thirdly, additional employment opportunities can be created in Europe if new businesses are set up on the basis of innovative technology, new marketing potential or new service functions. This, however, depends on young people in particular being able to take full advantage of these assets.
At the same time, however, it is also necessary to eliminate excessive legal regulation, financial obstacles and information gaps.
Therefore, in conclusion, I hope that tomorrow Parliament will adopt amendments such as Nos 50 and 92 tabled by my colleague Mr Watts and others and that the passage of Mr Kindermann's good report, thus amended, will be seen as a positive step towards the end of these cages - however we describe them - in the European Union.
This does not apply, however, to Amendments Nos 20, 21, 45, 51 and 61.
In systems other than cages, however, the space per hen can be reduced.
As you know, however, the Commission is considering whether, at the forthcoming round of WTO negotiations, animal welfare provisions might be introduced as a new element in the WTO's terms of trade.
Free trade should, however, be compatible with the interests of consumers, animal protection and regional and environmental policy.
During a transitional period, however, temporary support may be required to enable the adjustments to be made in a way that is acceptable from a social point of view.
In order to achieve this goal, some additional pressure on the EC budget, of a temporary nature, may be acceptable. In the long run, however, there will be a reduction in agricultural spending.
We did however vote against the amendment on cofinancing, since we think that this would mean a renationalisation of the agricultural policy.
This report makes this and a number of other points well. At the same time, however, it covers such a wide range of subjects that the focus is totally lost.
I should like to say, however, how very much I regret Mrs Díez de Rivera Icaza's resignation, and especially the reasons for it.
The reason why the Commission did not originally propose that tougher standard, however, was that it is not cost-effective throughout Europe.
Once it is adopted, however, the work begins, especially in my country.
I would say, however, that I do not fully agree with her.
It is however crucial that the reduction targets for biodegradable waste in Article 5 remain unchanged and legally binding.
The Commission can however accept the change to Annex 1 which Amendment No 18 would involve, namely reinstatement of the requirement of a minimum distance to landfills.
It should be borne in mind, however, that we are currently implementing the directive liberalising the electricity and gas markets whose main objective is to bring down energy prices.
If I may, however, I shall also make two points: I think Mr Cox was right to say that renewables should be exempted, because of course this is also about triggering a turning-point in our energy policy.
I am also hoping, however, that the House will support our amendment seeking to exempt local public transport, because this too is a decisive point.
There is one respect however in which I very much support the excellent work done by the rapporteur.
In this respect, I should like to point out that recital C of the report is the result of an amendment by our group that was adopted in committee. It points out that competition policy is essential to the competitiveness of the economy of the European Union, on condition, however, that this competition is conducted fairly, particularly on the part of certain of the EU's trading partners, and does not have the effect of sacrificing our social and environmental standards.
In conclusion, this resolution, which analyses our society, the changes it is experiencing and its future prospects, is not a revolutionary one; however, if it were truly to be taken into account, it would mean the beginning of a better world.
If the Member States provide for exceptions in this context, however, they must also ensure - by a method to be devised by the Member States - that rightholders receive a share of the proceeds or a particular level of compensation.
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome. We should not forget, however, that in the long term, the wishes of equipment manufacturers and consumers can only be met if diversity of content is guaranteed.
Finally, however, let me sound a note of criticism on the linguistic quality of the proposal.
Given that content and technologies are universal, however, this does beg the question of whether this aim can be better achieved by having a higher level of protection - compared with the situation worldwide - or whether by doing so we in fact make life so difficult for other players in the European information society that this ultimately also has an adverse effect on rightholders.
We cannot, however, accept the concept of 'economic significance' for the rightholder.
On all the other issues, however, we have supported reasonable compromises, on the status quo for saccharose, on oenological procedures and on diverse traditions.
Consumers, however, are a key element of our society and certainly deserve consideration.
Of crucial importance to us today, however, are the rigour and quality expected from research undertaken by the Commission in its role as the institution charged with putting forward legislative proposals.
As we will have to explain the subject of the euro in greater detail, however, we can start the ball rolling first with the teachers.
Pricing policy, however, is ultimately a matter for the individual service providers, whether the transfers are made within one country or between countries.
My question, however, is this: is the cost we are discussing state aid?
What I can do, however, is reassure you yet again that, in carrying out their assessment, our services will abide by the principle of absolute neutrality and will simply assess the facts on their merits.
The Bank of Spain is to be commended for its initiative to provide free exchange of all currencies from within the so-called euro zone in Spain. Unfortunately, however, the Bank of Spain's network is limited and this initiative has not prevented the private banking institutions from pursuing a policy which may well have been agreed in advance.
I will bear in mind however - as these debates are of especial interest to me - that Spain has been particularly affected.
In any event, however, Mr Fitzsimons was not given the floor to put his own question but for a supplementary one, because he arrived late.
Do bear in mind however, Mr McMahon, that this afternoon's sitting began at exactly 5.30 p.m. Question Time to the Commission should therefore have finished at 7 p.m.
Many Members in this House have spoken about quality and the need to protect the agricultural origin of the wine and the product itself; however, no effort has been made to work towards harmonisation, not even of production and vinification methods.
On two points, however, which have already been mentioned by Mr Filippi, we are unable to agree with Commissioner Fischler, principally the questions of compulsory distillation and the addition of sucrose.
Commissioner, there is, however, one other issue which concerns me, namely, wine making which purports to be European but which uses grape musts that have been imported from third countries.
Those elements with which I cannot agree are, however, the dearth of protection against wine from third countries, and the excessive focus on the technical aspects of cultivation and bottling, with less attention paid to the aspects of production. Unsatisfactory also is the drive towards replacing saccharose with concentrated and rectified must, with all the necessary incentives, for reasons already explained by other colleagues.
Time and time again, however, the Council has disappointed us here.
In this case, however, the Commission has exercised its right of initiative for the first time by formulating a position on the subject.
I do not, however, wish to be absolutely negative about the possibility of accepting the amendments Parliament is proposing as part of the new consultation on the following regulation.
What none of us can accept, however, is to allow the acknowledged inability of the EU to fulfil its supranational role of ensuring international order and peace to be concealed behind a wall of silence.
I believe there are still some question marks in regard to certain parts of the call - however right in principle - for the general introduction of majority voting in the Council.
The report contains some conflicting ideas, however, such as paragraphs 35 and 36.
At the time of the Amsterdam conference Finland put forward a preliminary proposal for a compromise, whereby all Member State votes would double in number; however, the larger countries would get two or perhaps more extra votes in the process.
At the beginning of paragraph 14, however, the rapporteur proposes that citizens should be provided with guarantees at European level equivalent to those provided at national level, which in some cases would be absurd.
At the same time, however, we must ensure that new EU rules in this field do not encourage pension funds and other financial institutions currently based in the EU area to move to countries outside the European Union.
I would like to point out, however, that it would be a grave mistake for the EU to set about creating an alternative definition of refugees.
We, however, need to make progress on our priorities.
Pressure must however remain at a maximum if an acceptable and workable result is to be achieved.
I must add, however, that the deliberations to date show that a broad majority within the Council is in favour of an extremely strict application of the 75 % criterion for Objective 1 regions.
The main problem, however, is that the people do not have the funds to pay for it.
Water quality has been argued over a good deal, however, as pollution has been difficult to regulate.
Each Member State, however, must, as a nation, become involved in improving the water quality of its own rivers, in developing and implementing action to save water, and in protecting its groundwater.
It would be wrong, however, to deprive agriculture of the benefits of modern research.
There are, however, certain amendments - for example Amendment No 68 - which call for more caution and which we, British Conservatives, want to support.
In the light of the debate which has taken place in the various Community institutions, however, the Commission can go along with an optional time-limit for the renewal of authorisations.
For new cars, however, which are being manufactured now, we need an ambitious system to ensure that they are as recycling-friendly as possible.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection has, however, sharpened up the directive and I sincerely hope that the Commission will now approve it.
That does not, however, mean, that we are powerless.
Now, however, Section 301 of US external trade law is coming back to haunt us.
Conversely, however, scientific cooperation can only flourish in the long term in a peaceful environment.
At the same time, however, I am concerned, because we need to be aware of the fact that Israel has nuclear weapons, even though the country denies this.
At the same time, however, a system like this costs a great deal of money - above all when there are only a few countries that apply the system.
Having said that, however, I share Parliament's concern that if very big fish factory vessels were to be excluded from the statutory obligation, that would be very retrograde.
As I said, however, the fundamental objective of sharing the cost between users and non-users is crucial if we want to encourage the delivery in ports of waste and reduce and, indeed, prevent the pollution of the sea.
We do not however agree with the rapporteur's proposals on the common and foreign security policy, the CFSP.
In our view, however, political will alone can equip the EU to be more active in crisis management.
Before any further accession takes place, European institutions must be reformed, including the Council, which has become tangled up in the growing multiplicity of its organs and takes more and more liberties with procedures that had, however, been determined in the Treaties.
Sadly, Parliament did not vote in favour of some of the most important ones, however, including the right of Member States to say 'no' (a 'black list') and more stringent labelling requirements. Along with the rest of the Green Group, I therefore voted against the report.
Without proper safeguards, however, the consequences of altering the order of nature are unthinkable.
This time, however, it is quite a different matter, because we are now dealing with those who constantly seek to lecture us, as Mr Habsburg-Lothringen was saying before.
Religious groups themselves, however, must also remain tolerant towards those with different beliefs from their own, and must respect freedom of conscience and of the individual as well as obeying the law of the land.
We are consulting Member States, however, on ways to finance aid in the form of supplies and non-military equipment for the ECOMOG forces.
This time, however, the cause of our concern is what we call a natural disaster, namely the earthquake in the city of Armenia.
We did, however, vote for Amendment No 160, which authorises underground storage where this does not compromise the environmental objectives of this directive.
In many countries, however, it happens all too often that vehicles are dumped illegally, even in surface water, with all that this implies.
Peace in the Middle East can be brought closer through cooperation with the West and technical development. Sustainable peace, however, requires acknowledgement of every human being's right to life, together with compliance with the peace process that has been entered into.
The maximum weight of 44 tonnes and the exemptions from driving bans, however, remain bones of contention.
I share some of my colleagues' fears, however - firstly that the abuses which are already occurring today will become more widespread, and secondly that the increase in exemptions from driving bans and derogations from weight limits could open the political floodgates for the extension of these privileges to road hauliers in general.
In addition, Rule 10(4) states that the Conference of Presidents, stating its reasons, may alter the duration of adjournments decided pursuant to paragraph 2 at least two weeks before the date previously fixed by Parliament for resuming the session; the date of resumption shall not, however, be postponed for more than two weeks.
I did not, however, vote for Amendments Nos 5 and 12 to the van Bladel report.
In Article 2 of the amended directive, however, it is explicitly stated.
In our view, however, it does not go far enough in some points to provide the basis for really decisive improvements.
As for the Commission, however, if you think about the length of time that elapsed before it tabled a proposal, the Commission does appear to have been rather dilatory.
As I said, however, this is my personal view.
There is, however, no obligation on the producer to produce on the basis of the standards.
It must, however, ensure that investment is consistent with the policy of sustainable transport initiated by the European Parliament.
At the moment, however, we are not fixing the agenda but simply approving a number of changes, which is what we have done.
We cannot tolerate or accept political problems, however serious, being tackled by the use of this kind of violence.
The first step along that road is having the courage to speak the truth in all friendliness, however uncomfortable or inconvenient that truth may be.
This House has never expressed the slightest support for the actions of this man and his PKK, however tragic and hopeless the fate of the Kurds might have seemed.
Such recognition should not, however, jeopardise the stability of old European nations. Turkey is undoubtedly one such nation as although it is not part of the European Union, it is certainly an important member of the Council of Europe and of other European bodies.
On the other hand, however, there has to be the necessary flexibility in implementing the rules, so that hauliers are not forced to be on the road or travelling for longer than is strictly necessary.
In my view, however, the rapporteur oversteps the mark when he says that a reduction in working time without cuts in wages is one of the major objectives in the transport industry.
I have to advise the House, however, that, as most honourable Members will know, the Commission has absolutely no power to make proposals relating to the desire that reductions in working time can take place without loss of wages, a point made by Mrs Moreau and by others in the course of the debate.
I have to say, however, that I do not think there is any significant added value to be gained from drafting a general report that considers these issues.
Sunday speeches may well tell of a Europe in which young people meet each other, a Europe of tolerance and a common education and training area; in practice, however, great difficulties arise when it comes to funding decisions.
I cannot, however, accept Amendment No 6 on the financial article.
In the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, however, it was the view of the largest possible minority that the European Commission should have done more.
Here we insist, for example, that other players should be brought into the Advisory Committee, without however weakening the participation of certain important parties: the members of the Advisory Committee should comprise not only shipowners and - quite rightly - NGOs and consumers, but also a strong trade union contingent.
Any reform, however, must retain the principle of relative stability which will best serve the interests of fishermen and the marine environment alike.
A process of decentralisation which involves greater participation and transparency has to be welcomed. It must, however, be carried out within the global framework of a common policy which respects the principles of equality and nondiscrimination and which is compatible with the fundamental principles of freedom of movement within the single market enshrined in the Treaty.
I am, of course, not entirely unaccustomed to having to wait until the second round before winning the day, but however Parliament may decide on this initiative, I know that we - my group - will succeed with it in the end; that is quite certain.
The Commission can, however, accept the amendment put forward by Mrs Palacio, calling on it to continue its deliberations, taking into account the conclusions of the hearing to which I have just referred.
The drafting of this communication, interesting though it may be, cannot, however, disguise the discussion that is going on in the Commission on this issue, which is similar to the debate that we could have on regional planning: is it really possible not to reduce the European effort towards competitiveness while at the same time directing research funds to the less favoured regions of the Union?
Businesses that seek to remain or become competitive, however, cannot achieve that aim without sufficiently outstanding research and development and without innovating.
That does not mean, however, that they cannot supplement each other or that they are in any way incompatible.
From that point of view, however, we cannot entirely endorse the rapporteur's proposal for Article 21, which is why we have requested a split vote on that article.
I do wish to emphasise, however, that this should not detract from our general approval of the report.
The latter should not however be prevented from obtaining investment to improve their technological level and their competitiveness.
I believe it is important because, as we all understand, however many roads and railways we build, however many ports and airports we construct, however much we promote infrastructure, transport and the environment, research and technology represent an irreplaceable impetus for development.
Meanwhile, to come back to the main issues of this directive, I would like to point out that an initial examination took place in October 1997, and that work was suspended while awaiting precise answers from the Commission; however, having obtained those answers, after several months' delay, we were not satisfied.
The symbols for aluminium, glass and plastic, however, also show 'chasing' arrows, thus indicating to the consumer that the materials are recyclable, and in this way could give misleading information.
Under Article 3 of the Commission Decision, however, the system can be made compulsory.
We do feel, however, that the three-year period for implementation proposed by the Commission is too short, given the need to produce a sophisticated classification system, and we are therefore requesting an extension of that period.
There is no doubt, however, that Mr Schnellhardt's desire to include wine among the beverages to be labelled in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 189b of the Treaty has caused a serious and inexcusable delay.
On the other hand, however, if major firms or public administrations have computer problems, these could have a massive impact on SMEs.
Acceptance of the directives themselves, however, still does not mean they are being interpreted and applied correctly or that they are producing concrete results at the workplace.
Enforcement is, however, what all the EU health and safety activities hinge on.
Today, however, I see that our efforts have been rewarded as the overall budget for 2000-2006 has increased.
In our view, however, patent law should be dealt with by the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) and the European Patent Office.
I would however like to add one further element to such considerations: it is not only women who are subject to injustice and violence, but sometimes entire communities.
In any event, however, I now put to the vote the request by the ARE Group.
Unfortunately, however, wearing jeans is not a simple matter.
It remains to be seen, however, whether the programme will stay as before.
Their role, however, must not be confined to voluntary community work.
It does not, however, mean that no problems exist.
The real problem, however - and I can say this because I come from a southern country, Italy - concerns the presence of women in decision-making positions.
Madam President, if I were strict with myself I would refrain from speaking because I agree entirely with the detailed report Mr Corbett has just presented. I confess, however, that I lack the self-discipline to forego the opportunity of addressing the House and reading the speech I have prepared.
Consequently, any revision of the Rules of Procedure must inevitably take account of the Treaty, bearing in mind however that there is considerable scope for interpretation when applying the Treaty to existing situations, as there is with any legal instrument.
I agree with 99 % of what they have produced; however, there are two points on which our views diverge.
I must however endorse the requested addition to Rule 66, recognising the Commission's role in so-called informal conciliation.
The new Rule 90d introduces a procedure similar to the so-called 'advice and consent' procedure used in the United States Senate. In this case, however, it would be invoked to appoint the heads of Commission delegations to third countries.
For the rest, however, we should certainly support Mr Cabrol's report and the proposal for a regulation and should not jeopardise the entire project by quarrelling about details.
With regard to long-term non-thermal effects, however, it is considered on the basis of opinions from certain international bodies that there is insufficient evidence to lay down limits for such exposure.
I agree with most of what is said in the report, but not however that it is the 'fragmentation of capital markets across Europe' which is responsible for the shortage of risk capital.
Highlighting the need for education and training for all, however essential that may be, is not sufficient to create a youth policy.
At the present time, however, there is no conclusive scientific evidence that electromagnetic fields can directly cause cancer.
Such limits should not however exceed the bounds of knowledge and reasonableness, causing severe economic damage both to industry and to employment.
The basis here must, however, be the results of research and the WHO recommendations, as well as the principle that the degree of exposure to electromagnetic radiation must be kept as low as is reasonably possible.
Certain MEPs, however, have suggested values which are considerable more stringent than the Commission's recommendations, in recognition of the possible health impact.
What we do know, however, is that more and more people are becoming hypersensitive to electricity.
It is crucial, however, that the Commission should present as soon as possible detailed, concrete proposals for the next five years, taking Parliament's wishes into account.
This does not however mean in practice that these statements of principle are applied unreservedly.
We have made it very clear to the United States, however, that any ideas for resolving the dispute must take into account the rights and economic well-being of the ACP countries.
However much sympathy I have for national interests, however much sympathy I have for the desire to make up the American trade deficit, these must not put the very fragile WTO rules at risk.
I do however agree with everything else James Elles said and, of course, I agree entirely with Erika Mann.
Here we must emphasise, however, that this new own revenue should not be additional but should replace existing revenue, so as to avoid putting a further burden on the European taxpayer.
The European Commission's communication puts forward three courses of action aimed at resolving the problem of budgetary imbalances. It should be borne in mind, however, that the Commission has been accused of partiality in formulating these proposals, as it only seems to defend the interests of certain net contributors.
It does seem to me, however, that it is politically unacceptable not to allow all the groups to express an opinion at least once before postponing the debate.
I welcome the abandonment of this principle; however I do not welcome some of the attitudes struck in the report, particularly where we resuscitate an idea that has disappeared from the agenda of our governments and the Council of Ministers.
The delegate has been asked to visit the area to ascertain exactly how the local governor of the Río Coco region has been dealing with the project since it was transferred to the Nicaraguan authorities. I must however reiterate that a misunderstanding has arisen.
As regards the premises referred to in Mrs Oddy's question however, those premises do not, I stress, belong to the European Commission, nor, I repeat, are the people she saw at those premises employed by the European Commission.
I doubt, however, whether it will fall within the term of this Commission.
The Commission does however regret that because of its legal basis, this issue does not fall within the Community's competence.
Thank you for your reply, Commissioner, and thank you also for pursuing the matter of the Indian Government's failure to comply with regulations on opening up the markets for leather goods. I would however like to ask you as a matter of urgency to move things on as quickly as possible, so as to guarantee full compliance with the rules governing international trade.
It is not true, however, to say that it has no effect.
We are not, however, able to accept Amendment No 1.
What is totally incomprehensible, however, is the Commission's specifications for seaports.
What would, however, create real problems is the introduction of a new concept of superstructures in ports as the distinction between superstructure and infrastructure is far from clear.
We have had to conclude, however, that the provision of a detailed definition would definitely carry the risk that relevant features could be missed out.
This, however, is not the proposal before the House.
He will recognise, however, democrat that he is, that this does not imply being a rubber stamp or accepting everything the Parliament says.
It does, however, mean, that I owe the Parliament my honest judgment.
Perhaps it is especially important, however, to define in precise terms the responsibility that city will have to assume.
It simply says: 'Mr Posselt spoke'. I should like to point out, however, that I asked a perfectly proper supplementary to which no answer was given.
Over the last few weeks, however, it has been possible to make significant progress on the necessary preliminary work which is intended to prepare the ground for the Berlin summit.
I would, however, like to point out that the criticism came from both sides.
Should there not be a move towards cofinancing, however - which is of course likely - then we need, in any case, to develop corrective mechanisms or capping systems which come as close as possible to meeting the desired objective.
I would permit myself to tell you, however - since some proverbs have already been cited - that there is also a very interesting German proverb which states that you should not praise the day before nightfall, and you should not criticise it either.
I have to say, however, that I cannot agree with Mrs Pack's negative view of what has been achieved so far.
I have to say, however, that reaching an agreement comes first and in this I agree with Mr Titley.
But what is at stake here is not only the existence of railway lines, however modern. It is equally vital to have a regular rail service, one that can only be provided by intercity rail links linking conurbations that have several million inhabitants.
I know that this is a big problem, especially for partners whom we simply have to deal with differently than we do within the Community; however, we will not be able to avoid this problem, and we do not want to weigh ourselves down with a huge burden for the future.
We must not forget, however, that there are also very successful EU projects that have significantly improved living conditions.
These sums, however, have still not produced the desired effect: the substantial fall in the average earnings of the Palestinians is proof of this.
It is also true, however, that where credible external bodies exist - and there are some in Europe and in the Mediterranean - then your hand should probably be strengthened from a managerial point of view.
There is, however, an aspect of the overall problem which I would like to mention and which the committee feels is important.
And yet we must maintain the demands for closure, even if our colleagues in the Lithuanian Parliament cannot accept them. At the same time, however, we must be realistic, because the funds we are making available and the financing we can offer is peanuts compared to what such an operation will cost.
The fact that these benefits cannot be readily measured, however, does not make them any less real.
The Council would however like to emphasise that when examining this communication it will take into account all relevant aspects of the conclusions of the Vienna Council.
Amendment No 3 refers to the putting in place of a Community plan of action which, however, has already been established.
It is clear, however, that we are moving in an area of financial austerity and, unfortunately, the European Parliament and the Council have not allowed the appropriations for these particular objectives to be increased any further.
They may not, however, indirectly limit the scope of the Staff Regulations by restating in more precise terms an already clear provision of those regulations'.
It is no secret to anyone that growth is set to decrease in 1999, however it will still remain above 2 %.
This year, however, the picture is very different.
At the same time, however, we note that previous growth forecasts are now having to be scaled down quite drastically. We must investigate the reasons for this.
Some people blame the European Central Bank and claim that the base rate is too high. That, however, is an astonishing claim, given that both short-term and long-term interest rates have already fallen to unprecedentedly low levels.
The report however proposes 'election of the Commission', which goes much further.
Several sections of the text adopted by the House propose increasing the budget of the EU's institutions through the creation of additional forms of resource, without, however, increasing the overall fiscal burden on the people of the Member States of the European Union.
I do not, however, believe it either right or helpful that we Europeans should be raising for debate, on the basis of these incidents alone, matters which could have been discussed elsewhere.
There can only be economic stability, however, if the political conditions are right, in other words if Azerbaijan and Armenia make a determined effort to reach a political compromise on the future of Nagorno Karabakh.
At the moment, however, it appears that paramilitary groups and as a result the guerrillas too have started carrying out attacks again.
Economic rights and their close links to other rights must not, however, be overlooked, above all at a time when more than a thousand million people in our world are deprived of adequate food, pure water, proper clothing, reasonable shelter, education and health-care.
I must say, however, that the argument which is currently raging over the elections announced by the opposition for 16 May 1999 will certainly have devastating effects.
That, however, was three years ago, and nothing has changed!
But, however much political continuity can be guaranteed, we should not raise any false hopes.
Britain, however, cannot tackle a global problem alone.
This must take place over a transitional period, however, so that the growers do not suffer economic problems and so that unemployment is not made even worse.
I did not, however, vote in favour of the report, as I think that it has unfortunately been distorted by certain amendments.
The continuing existence of the death penalty and the atrocious conditions in the country's prisons, however, show that there is still a huge gap between our expectations and the situation on the ground.
It must also be said, however, that legal stipulations naturally have to apply in equal measure to import checks and export checks.
The crux of the matter, however, concerns the liability for erroneous certification of the origin of a product.
The Commission does, however, recognise that a period of transition may be needed; however, what I said a few moments ago means that we are unable to take on board Amendment No 11.
The Commission can, however, clarify the wording of its initial proposal.
The Commission cannot, however, accept nine amendments, including Amendments Nos 1, 6 in part and 13 concerning the introduction of a one-stop shopping procedure.
We must however also remember that, when we speak of social convergence, it is a voluntary adjustment, a coordination of aims and strategies, which is required.
At the same time, however, working conditions for seafarers in the Union have deteriorated and employment is showing a consistently downward trend.
Specifying the conditions for the employment of third-country nationals, which must be the same as the conditions applying to residents of the Member State which is the flag state, does not however deal with the problem of undeclared, uninsured work.
There are, however, calls far and wide to outlaw this improper competitive practice.
That is however just one side of the story.
The Commission is however prepared to answer any questions Parliament sees fit to ask during the operation and after it has been completed.
Ultimately, however, this Commission was the author of its own demise.
Successive treaties have increased its legislative powers and on this occasion, Parliament has clearly asserted its role as a monitoring body. In so doing, however, it has acquired additional responsibility which it must exercise wisely in the future.
The essence of the problem raised in the report, however, is that there is no real - as opposed to mythical - ' collegiate' responsibility for the actions of the Commission members as a group.
At the same time, however, we need strong European institutions and in particular a strong Commission.
The Commission that has just resigned, however, had lost the confidence of Parliament and the people.
Throughout all this, however, the Council has remained deaf and blind.
A word of warning is also called for, however. Our eagerness to monitor and scrutinise the Community's public accounts must not be allowed to hinder the Community's executive role.
What is on the table at the moment should certainly result in reform of the working methods of a single institution. Crucially however, it should also result in reform of all the institutions themselves, that is, Parliament, the Commission and the Council.
Let us acknowledge that, thanks to an initiative taken by a number of us - and then clumsily hijacked by the majority - we managed to expose an affair which reveals that, however well-equipped bureaucracies, technocracies may be, they are often prone to shortcomings which then lead to such improprieties as have now resulted in the individual resignations of several Commissioners.
These alone, however, will not suffice. A procedure for calling individual Commissioners to account must be laid down at or before the next intergovernmental conference.
We have to bear in mind, however, that we will need to cooperate extremely closely with the Council in the future.
This report, however, gives us an opportunity for a fresh start.
Continuing the work of the Committee of Wise Men, is, however, not the solution.
I am disappointed, however, that nothing is being done in the non-nuclear energy sector.
I will say however to him that the new aid programme, in fact, is conditional.
It is essential, however, that their human dignity be respected.
Much still remains to be done, however, as regards the implementation of decisions arrived at.
Much will depend, however, on the EU Member States adopting a coherent approach at the UN over the next few years.
What it must mean, however, is that the Union's policies respond to the wishes of the people of Europe.
What has, however, changed drastically, is how the programme is implemented, for one of the reasons for the European Commission's resignation early last week was the mismanagement of Leonardo.
In spite of this, however, we have decided to vote in favour of the resolution.
The fact that Europol could not begin its work, however, has undoubtedly given organised crime in Europe a further advantage.
One thing Parliament has always stressed from the very inception of Europol is that any international police organisation - perhaps in the course of time with operational powers, however limited they may be - can only be allowed to exist if there is a proper system of democratic control and accountability - just as we would expect proper democratic accountability by our own national police forces.
Realism has, however, now prevailed in favour of a multisectoral approach.
Less logically, however, the rapporteur advocates a European public prosecutor's office.
I have a good deal of difficulty, however, with the report by Mr Bontempi.
For my part, however, I think it is too early to dismiss Corpus Juris.
It is also, however, a question of cleaning up the Internet.
We did not 'cave in', as the rapporteur said; however, we did express our opinion that we are not convinced that we can just treat people in this way.
In the short term, however, it is essential to ensure that the work continues as quickly as possible.
If the European Union unilaterally introduced a tax, however, this might lead to considerable distortion of aircraft movements.
We do not wish to restrict ourselves to a single type of design for this, however, and for this reason, in Amendment No 12, we advocate a general heat-resistant material.
I am grateful to the city of Strasbourg for the service it provides for us free of charge but I do feel, however, that the previous arrangements should be reinstated to ensure a more flexible service.
During the recent negotiations on the price package, however, the Commission did agree to make a few minor adjustments so as to improve the way in which the market organisation operates.
I can assure Parliament, however, that the Commission will pay careful attention to these points when it reviews the market organisation next year.
The more precise statement of the target groups at which the measures should be directed, analysed in Amendment No 8, does not, however, seem to me to be necessary.
I have to reject the remaining points, however, because our experience has shown that programmes should not run for longer than three years, and because when we implement this scheme we want to adopt a bottom-up approach.
It must be clear, however, that these bodies must be selected on the basis of an invitation to tender at Community level.
I hope, however, that the ideas which Mr Jové Peres has presented here today will actually also be translated into practical policy in the future.
At this current stage of European politics, however, I acknowledge that my candidature could constitute not a stimulus but a cause of division.
Such an initiative can, however, only be successful with active, enthusiastic support from Parliament.
We insist, however, that the ratification of the next President of the Commission must be done rigorously, seriously and properly by this Parliament.
On one point, however, we see things somewhat differently.
We are aware, however, that these measures - at least in the way they have been implemented so far - are not sufficient to achieve satisfactory results.
It has to be said, however, that the current state of affairs - with its limitations and flaws - has proved not to give workers sufficient information and opportunities to be consulted on issues that really matter for the decisions of the undertaking.
I should, however, also like to thank the Commission for presenting a report here which has made it very easy for us to endorse its conclusions on this issue.
If you take a closer look, however, you will see that in many countries - including Germany - there are sectors in which employees are still unable to participate in decision making.
A release from these responsibilities must not be arbitrary, however, and that is why objective criteria need to be laid down and provision made if necessary for the granting of official or judicial authorisation.
I could, however, accept a recital based on this amendment.
There are, however, a considerable number of amendments which have been tabled by the rapporteurs and other Members.
These operations are much more significant from a political point of view, however. They involve a genuine European philosophy of support for the development and consolidation of the rule of law, the defence of democratic values and respect for the rights and freedoms of all people.
The point I would like to emphasise, however, is that it does not make sense to set these levels because there is no need to do so.
To achieve that objective, however, we have to tighten up the requirements, for example as regards combustion.
Paradoxically, however, harmonisation in turn results in distortion of competition.
If we want to have fair terms of competition, however, we must at least bear this in mind.
In my opinion, however, this is good quality biofuel, and there should be no sort of restriction on its use.
To our great surprise, however, it appears that some Member States have a different interpretation of the concept of an auditor, applying it to legal entities.
I must say, however, that a number of amendments were also accepted in committee which in our view run counter to the objectives and are indeed at odds with the whole purpose of the exercise.
In the context of the current budgetary perspectives it would, however, have been difficult to achieve much more in this respect.
Whatever criticism there has been, and however well-founded it may have been, I want to repeat my warm thanks to Mr Jacques Santer and the college at this point!
In doing so, however, it is natural that Parliament should have some reservations about the content of the budget agreements.
I do understand, however, that democracies are finding it hard to use military force, since they were not constantly updated on Milosevic's reign of terror in Kosovo.
The Council did, however, manage to agree a thrifty budget covering several years for the immediate future.
As the directive does no more than set minimum standards, however, we feel that we can go along with the proposed threshold. Member States remain free to apply provisions that they believe would suit them better.
We have not voted against, however, because the question of informing and consulting employees is part of the EU's social dimension, which must not be opposed in the interests of solidarity with those workers in the EU and the new Member States who do not yet have efficient systems for informing and consulting employees.
As the directive is designed to bring in minimum requirements, however, the Member States - or the two sides of industry - are free to maintain or introduce rules which call for more extensive provision of information.
Ordinary people, however, are questioning the major role once again given to the Americans by Europe through NATO.
There is, however, grave concern about the disastrous dangerous consequences that the failure to come up with a political solution might have.
The demands of international law cannot, however, be put aside.
I believe, however, we should distinguish between those Member States in which there is no apparent risk with regard to the disease, and those in which there is.
The Agenda 2000 package, however, does not give sufficient weight to environmental considerations.
The European Commission, however, has expressed a critical view of this first stage, considering that progress, particularly in transposing Community legislation, has been slower and more uncertain than it should have been.
I do, however, regret that the Council and the Commission were quite slow in making progress here.
I feel, however, that we should be consistent here with other accession reports.
As a result, we have been spared the need to intervene with a programme of assistance. First and foremost, however, their commitment to conflict-resolution and human rights has meant that we have not had to endure 'Kosovo crises' on our doorstep.
The report does, however, contain a number of points which I cannot support.
I would, however, just like to say a few words about Mrs Myller's interesting and well thought-out report.
It is, however, important to recognise that they not only serve environmental interests, but are also justifiable on economic grounds.
The words are as follows: since the publication of the interim report, however, more progress has been made, in other words more progress in the preparations for enlargement.
In the case of the Ombudsman, however, I have no criticism to make whatsoever. Instead, I should like to thank Jacob Söderman and his team for the excellent work they do.
The last sentence of Amendment No 3 is, however, inappropriate in a legal text.
That point should, however, be viewed in the context of Article 19 of the new proposal which provides for the Customs 2000 programme to be opened up to the applicant states generally.
Behind that cumbersome title, however, is a proposed new European transport system in which mileage travelled would be charged with the aid of electronic data transfer, a system that would guarantee sustainable mobility.
The Commission, however, chose to shirk that responsibility.
On the subject of the majority required, however, I think it is essential that Parliament should know what majority it needs to take decisions.
There are, however, nine amendments which run directly counter to this aim, and they have been endorsed by a majority of this Parliament.
Incidentally, we will remember that the Serb regime, however much it might be criticised, had never attacked any of its neighbours or any of our allies, unlike the Iraqi regime.
Indeed, by proposing in recital J to weaken and exclude the notion of national sovereignty which, however flawed it may be, still constitutes the fundamental regulatory principle of our international community, it introduces an element that would only have extremely destabilising and disturbing consequences for international life.
We did however note with disappointment that the consumer aspects have not been covered in this directive.
My group cannot, however, support the proposals in Amendments Nos 12 and 13, which call for separate directives in order to safeguard interoperability.
But it is not possible to create by statute a single retail financial area in which basic banking transactions are economic and effective, as in the national systems; however, the framework for action illustrates how progress can be achieved in that process.
And precisely because this is a worldwide phenomenon as we reach the end of the 20th century, with small-scale, interethnic, interreligious conflicts in Europe, Asia and Africa, we need to keep on putting this subject on our agenda here in the European Parliament, however frustrating, however often it may be and however little it may help in the short term.
But there is no point in pretending that a resolution from our Parliament, however forceful and well-intentioned, is going to improve the fate of the Timorese.
The signal that has to go out from this Chamber, however, is that no matter what political colour you are you cannot get away with these acts of violence.
The Luxembourg brewery, however, could no longer do that, which would spell the end for it. That must be avoided at all costs.
We are, however, opposed to a number of the proposals in both the Commission's White Paper and the report.
To the rapporteur's credit, however, she insists that the proposed measures must not result in more expensive transport and that, if price rises are inevitable, the burden on road users should be reduced in some other way.
Madam President, first of all I would like to congratulate Mrs Bennasar Tous, albeit in her absence, and I would also like to congratulate Mrs Colombo Svevo who so capably presented the issue here this morning. Chiefly, however, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on this extremely important contribution to the Commission proposal on the Daphne programme, and on the way she has handled such an important issue.
Saying that the two sexes are like chalk and cheese, however, is a distortion of reality.
I will however check, because if Amendment No 60 was rejected, there should be no confusion.
It is all very well to encourage public awareness, to hold conferences on issues affecting senior citizens and to run campaigns focusing on their concerns. When it comes to legislation and its implementation, however, action must be taken nationally, regionally and locally.
This massive assistance, of course, must include financial resources; however, the Socialists in the European Parliament do not place all their trust in public funding, but naturally rely on the free and socially controlled market too.
The Italian authorities, however, only proposed a part of Venice as an area to come under Article 92(3)(c). By a decision taken by the Commission on 30 June 1997, it was agreed that this area qualified for aid.
The communication did subsequently appear, however, on the very day after the vote on my draft report had been taken in the Social Affairs Committee.
It should be borne in mind, however, that fiscal measures are one way of responding to cyclical or local blips in demand and that their effects vary from country to country.
The problem however is that, quite frankly, no one is prepared to acknowledge this for obvious electoral reasons, as this would make the euro and its creators unpopular.
This pleasing, though by no means adequate trend cannot, however, as claimed in many quarters, be attributed to the employment policy measures taken by the Union.
If one wishes to achieve harmonisation, however, the policy should instead take account of national differences and be adapted to the national structures.
To conclude, the issue of employment does not boil down to the issue of growth, however essential it might be.
I would add, however, that it is also highly important to monitor the Office's organisational capacity.
In making our recommendation, however, we also wish to acknowledge the efforts which the Commission has made so successfully in many sectors to tighten up financial management.
We do agree with you, however, that the questions which have been raised need to be taken into account during the forthcoming reform of the Financial Regulation.
Later, however, numerous reasons have been found for postponing this decision after all.
That is how we should proceed here; we should, however, also bear in mind all the consequences which this has had politically.
Discharge as a vote of confidence in the Commission is, however, too broad an interpretation, in my opinion, and there are two reasons for avoiding this.
The first in a series of reports assessing the health risks of hormone-treated meat has, however, come out today.
We have not yet, however, got as far as approving the proposal.
I was speaking about the missile which killed sixty people. The main point, however, is that I only talked about extending our condolences and sympathy to the relatives, in other words the humanitarian aspect.
This time, however, the process is taking place under particularly unusual conditions.
I wish however today to make some remarks on the policy side arising from what Mr Prodi has said.
This is a long way from high politics, which is not possible, however, without a good administration.
You chose a different option, however: you chose to define the war as 'painful but necessary'.
There is more to Europe than a single direction however, and we also need to bear in mind the concerns felt along the southern shores of the Mediterranean.
Mr Cox, however, has stressed that a high-profile parliamentary debate should be held to endorse the new Commission.
I repeat, however, that I realise the debate will have to be detailed and thorough in every respect.
I would however recall that, in this field more than any other, ethical problems must never come second to economic ones.
I would however stress that our responsibility towards the Mediterranean countries is immense.
At the same time, however, it is precisely this war which has currently revived the ideal of political unity amongst the greater European family.
Is it possible to imagine a greater fiasco in terms of a rescue mission, however well-intentioned it was in the beginning?
In the circumstances, however, we have to point to the inadequacy of the measures taken and the precarious nature of political intervention by the European Union in the past.
Until Milosevic genuinely gives way, there is no reason to stop the NATO action, however welcome such a pause might be.
In my view, however, it is the height of cynicism that in this situation the Vatican allows women to use contraception but labels abortion as murder.
I accept however that there are those in Russia, outside the government, who are not committed to a positive relationship and who might deliberately misinterpret our motives.
These weeks, however dangerous, are rich with possibility.
Unfortunately, however, while the relentless bombardments continue, disinformation on both sides is rife and self-criticism is in short supply.
The northern dimension, however, should have been accorded greater substance, such as the creation of free trade zones for northwestern Russia, which would help it to develop.
It may no longer be on the agenda for the German Presidency, however, as it can no longer approve it.
I have to say however that I do not share the apocalyptic vision presented by my colleague and good friend Willi Rothley on what has happened to relations between Parliament and the Council.
I do feel however that the Council has shown goodwill in this case. The Council has put forward an alternative text which it would be prepared to accept.
The agreement, however, should contain a solution for harmonised rates of pay and scope for national taxation, so that the extra tax generated can benefit each Member State.
I have no wish to express an opinion on Mr Rothley's views on the issue before us today. I do however want to say that as a Commissioner and in previous years as a Member of this House, I have always valued the power of his arguments and the strength of his convictions, whether or not I have agreed with them.
The payment rates will, however, grow substantially due to the backlog, in particular for structural funds but also for research and external relations.
There will, however, be massive appropriations for payment which we shall have to find.
I am happy, however, with the amendments tabled by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, for which Mrs Kestelijn was draftsman.
We must remember, however, that the rules governing mortgage credit are subject to the power of the courts where the asset is located.
This, however, uses a different reference fuel for emissions testing than the directive before us.
I do not want to go into this now, though I would like to take the opportunity to point out one thing: however much we have progressed as a result of Amsterdam on the practical aspects of parliamentarianism, we must nevertheless not overlook the fact that important elements which constitute genuine parliamentary government are still absent in the European Union.
We can, however, throw ourselves into helping the victims.
This does not mean, however, that this will not develop in the future and perhaps this should develop.
If the institutions are to cooperate successfully but also if we are to secure what is eventually achieved in the intergovernmental conference for the long term and implement it successfully, then the European Parliament must be involved more closely in this conference than it was in past conferences - and I am deliberately not using the term intergovernmental conference, however much that has become common parlance - in this conference of the Member States.
We note, however, that the social side was virtually totally absent from his speeches, which is worrying.
We wish to emphasise, however, that Members' salaries must be taxed at national level, and the revenues must therefore go to the Member States.
So it is most welcome that the Commission has taken this decision; however, we should have already indicated the health hazards much more clearly and plainly in the past.
I would, however, like to raise a number of questions.
There is no doubt that our structural policy lacks vital weight to overcome the regional imbalances in the short term. By the same token, however, there is no doubt that the European Union is continuing to preserve some extremely important solidarity mechanisms.
The Council, however, decided to follow the Commission proposal.
The Council was prepared, however, to abandon the date of 1 January, while maintaining the year 2000. As a result, the difference of opinion in principle with the European Parliament remained unchanged.
Mr Ripa di Meana, I have to disappoint you too, however much you expect me as a politician to give a political answer.
Mr Newens, with that question you have very accurately described the problem we are facing and that we have not managed to resolve so far. On the one hand we want to protect the banana producers with whom we have very close links; on the other hand, however, we have to respect the WTO rules.
Let me however repeat that the Council's view is that the rules that have been adopted make every provision for guaranteeing the skills and competence of the individuals appointed.
I wanted to make it clear that however noble and right a political concern may be, the Council cannot assume powers that it does not have.
I do, however, have great difficulty with certain elements of the package, such as the Council's unfortunate insistence that the ceiling on structural expenditure must also be a target.
My principal objection to the use of Article 203 is, however, that it would effectively mean making the financing of enlargement dependent upon the uncertain outcomes of the annual budgetary conflicts between the Council and European Parliament.
On no account, however, should the outcome be jeopardised by the final vote which Parliament has yet to hold.
That we are rejecting the current procedure does not however mean that we would therefore automatically be against all the outcomes of the social dialogue.
This particular accord is the third of its kind and I would like to see more, covering such things as people working for temporary employment agencies and distance workers. A balance does need to be struck, however, between agreements as such and legislation, and I shall be coming back to this.
I am, however, most deeply anxious that the Commission should monitor the situation and we should not hesitate to speak out.
It has not been possible, however, to reach an agreement on the place of the provisions relating to the Schengen information system.
Let me assure you once again, however, that the presidency will continue to keep the European Parliament fully briefed on the state of the integration process.
I do, however, endorse what has been said by those speakers who found the Commission's proposal more balanced.
On the other hand, however, I believe we should also consider whether the only type of control that is likely to be effective, namely control by the provider, cannot be effected in future in a technically and economically expedient way.
We must not forget, however, that this is a proposal from the Commission.
I believe, however, that the big problem with the Internet is the protection and freedom of the individual.
In Amendment No 36, it is suggested that 'information society service providers must keep all information necessary for the purpose of tracing and identifying providers of illegal content.' This is a crime prevention issue, however, and responsibility for criminal matters lies with the country concerned.
There are, however, a number of amendments the Commission is not in a position to accept for one of the following four reasons.
In the text before us, however, the word 'up' has only been inserted once.
In this interinstitutional agreement and in the financial perspective, however, we are fixing the maximum rate of increase for the next seven years.
With a positive approach, however, the EU can make a real contribution to the lives of ordinary people in the North-West.
To this end it is necessary at all levels to enhance cooperation between regional and local authorities and socio-economic operators, those closest to the changing world of the regions; it is also necessary, however, to take account of the competitive differences between regions because of the different levels of employment, quality of infrastructures, the natural environment and development, in particular during the sensitive stage that is just starting with the selection of regions which are eligible under Objective 2.
Regions in industrial or rural decline (former Objectives 2 and 5b) will have their share of funding reduced compared to the previous programming period, with a guaranteed maximum reduction of 33 % of the population concerned; to this percentage, however, would be added the figure accounted for by the inclusion of former Objective 1 regions, causing these regions to be doubly penalised; and this is leaving aside the case of Abruzzi - the only region removed from Objective 1 before the end of the current programming period - which, hovering somewhere between transitional support and inclusion in Objective 2, runs the risk of not being fairly included in this reform framework.
What is lacking, however, is a clear specification of the mechanisms that are to be used to monitor the extent to which the parties are respecting human rights.
NATO's bombardments, however, have merely worsened and aggravated the situation.
Mrs Danze-Serfaty is the wife of Mr Abraham Serfaty, who was imprisoned for 17 years in Tazmamart as a political prisoner, and who was received most honourably here following his release, notably thanks to Parliament's intervention and resolutions; however, Mr Serfaty can no longer return to Morocco, even though he is no longer accused of anything.
On the other hand, however, I have to say that my political thinking is governed by the principle that there must never be another war in the Middle East; a lasting settlement will never be achieved by force.
In countries where democracy does not exist, however - in China, Saudi Arabia, Iran and Iraq - the death penalty is often applied.
Looking beyond the present motion, however, we take the view that, in the context of its enlargement to the East, the European Union must spell out clearly that accession would be inconceivable unless the applicant countries completely change their dangerous nuclear policy.
The important point, however, is that we have done something for the freedom of those in commercial, craft-related and industrial trades in the European Union to obtain employment and set up businesses in any Member State.
Until now, however, neither of these two initiatives have been successful.
I was Parliament's rapporteur for the establishment of joint measures to combat child pornography, and I can tell you that what is happening on the Internet cries out for some form of regulation, however hard it might be to put into practice.
Across-the-board storage of information naturally puts us in mind of Orwell. If the State takes charge of the costs, however, we will have some degree of assurance that only such information as is absolutely necessary will be saved.
A new regulation is now being proposed, under which quotas will be reduced. The reductions will, however, be somewhat lower for countries with low-volume quotas.
In parallel, however, we need a thorough evaluation of exhibitions of this kind. Lessons can then be learnt for future occasions.
I hope, however, that he will not use these great complimentary speeches by the whole House to his benefit in the election campaign, as we are in different camps.
The results of all the surveys show that European integration is gaining favour in people's minds. At the same time, however, the steadily increasing number of people who fail to turn out at the European elections is a reminder of the fact that, for many, Europe remains an abstract concept far removed from their everyday concerns.
The life of a democracy, however, cannot be reduced to a mere succession of elections and parliamentary procedures, otherwise, as Churchill famously quipped, it would be 'the worst form of government except for all the others'.
I see an enormous paradox in yesterday's election, on the part of the Right in this hemicycle, of a candidate who, however admirable, is a known federalist, when this does not apparently reflect the view expressed by the voters - particularly those of the Right - in the countries of Europe.
The Treaty of Amsterdam had not resolved the issue of the functioning of the institutions, and in the field of foreign policy the only step forward was the appointment of Mr CFSP who, however, was not yet in office during the Kosovo crisis, which, without waiting for the delays and continued absence of Europe, broke out like a scourge and set off a new spate of the crime of ethnic cleansing which had infected Bosnia.
It is not for me to remind you that there are twenty million unemployed in Europe at the moment - and unemployment is a problem which undermines Europe's social cohesion - and that the achievements of this Europe in areas such as the welfare state are being undermined by neo-free trade policies, which are those same neo-free trade policies in which you exalted the need for flexibility in previous speeches and which, however, brought a reduction in the quality of work and life, in contrast to your proposals for the future.
Today, however, we have a proposal for a Commission comprising 100 percent Social Democrat candidates.
I believe that this tool will not be used lightly, but with the sense, however, that the problem in question involves not only individual responsibility but also the efficiency and responsibility of the entire Commission team which must present itself to you as capable of governing for the next five years.
The quotation is not complete, however, because there is another sentence.
It must be said, however, that the efficient functioning of the Union has already met with obstacles during this session.
Surely, however, it will be very economical for the European Union to establish the Centre in Thessaloniki.
I have, however, consulted the acting President, Mr Marín, and can inform the House that this issue will receive the attention of the Commission at its meeting next week.
This Mr Bangemann, however, was also sent here on two occasions by Kohl's government.
I would also like to take this opportunity, however, to outline, in a somewhat broader context, some plans and projects which will help, firstly, to put this event in context and secondly, to provide us with the opportunity to give consideration as to where we must, and should, make improvements in the law concerning animal feed and foodstuffs.
In the meantime, however, it was possible, on the recommendation of the Scientific Committee, and following consultation with the Standing Veterinary Committee, to lift the bans on milk and milk products.
Apart from the emergency measures which have already been adopted, the Commission is, however, now working, and this is where the general context comes in, on proposals to improve and define Community provisions relating to foodstuffs and animal feed more closely.
But at the same time, however, there is nothing, nothing at all, as regards the behaviour of the Commission for which it can be criticised.
It should also be noted, Mr Commissioner, that it hasn't yet made known those companies which used dioxin-contaminated cattle feed. This time, however, the Commission, having learned its lesson from mad cow disease, took Belgium to the European Court of Justice.
Mr President, once again, we are faced with unbelievable sloppiness and criminal behaviour and, in this respect, there are definite parallels with past events, with one difference however: the Commission has taken the lessons on board and has acted more rapidly than in the past.
In order to do this however, a minimum number of samples is required.
On the other hand, however, we must discuss further how we should deal with animal waste products in general. Things are actually not as simple as Mr Böge suggests.
Therefore, I am very much in favour of ruminants not obtaining their feed from materials which are animal in origin. Such a black and white policy in this area is not possible, however, if we do not want to run the risk of finding ourselves with enormous difficulties in terms of waste disposal.
Of course, however, there have to be other possibilities for designating particular quality accordingly.
As you know, however, we have made considerable changes to our regulations so that not only are spot checks carried out on imports but that every import is scrutinised.
It is evident, however, that we understand Europe and the world quite differently to the authors of the incoherent ramblings contained in the resolution. that is why I shall not be voting in favour.
I hope, however, that in this House and elsewhere, there will be recognition of the specific factors directly relevant to this case.
I believe that football, and international fixtures in particular, are indeed a valuable alternative to war, however silly that may sound.
This demonstration does, however, create a difficult precedent and though, today, there is great consensus on the Timor question, you will understand that this may not always be the case.
I would, however, also like to make an observation regarding the time factor.
I would, however, like to make a preliminary comment and ask a very concrete question of Mr Kinnock.
The House will be right, however, to expect effective Commission responses to the recommendations of the committee as we proceed with reform.
There is however no lasting comfort to be taken from that.
As an individual however, I must say that I believe that the functions set out by the committee should be fulfilled either by an existing suitable body or by a new organisation.
In view of this de facto rejected responsibility, it is now difficult however to take the explanations of the Commissioners seriously, i.e. that they would in future resign if requested to do so by the Commission President.
After emphasising these four points, however, I would say that we are very glad to support the proposal, together with the amendments proposed by the Committee on the Environment.
That said, however, we believe that the exercise just completed has been a positive and valuable exercise.
I should like, however, to repeat exactly what he said: "deeds speak louder than words" .
Indeed, although we never quite know how these Wise Men are selected, we do, however, know in advance that their conclusions are going to be in favour of going ever further in the direction of a super-state.
I would, however, like to mention that I am particularly concerned about something in the report, although I do not intend to dwell on it longer than necessary.
There are, however, three things I should like to ask you to consider.
This positive opinion is not, however, either a rubber cheque, or a blank cheque.
The minister resigned yesterday before the vote in Parliament. I fear however that, unfortunately, it will probably be another century before the European Commission achieves the efficiency of the Bavarian state administration.
In the person of Mrs Schreyer you have introduced us to an experienced politician who still has to find her way around one or two corridors here and go through one or two new experiences at a European level but who is also, however, someone who has become quickly and comprehensively acquainted with the very complicated material of budget policy and who is very aware of the forthcoming challenges of budget policy.
When you obtain these things, you also acquire, however, a responsibility to make sure that each and every one of the Commissioners can live up to the ideals, share the focus and conviction and meet the requirements of justice and propriety that we all demand now.
The longest borders between the Union and applicant states are, however, to be found in this area, and in addition there is the only border with the largest European state, Russia.
It must, however, be remembered that Gorbachev' s Soviet Union dissolved into too much glasnost and too little perestroika.
That is a difficult task for Mr Kinnock, however, because words are not enough.
We are also awaiting, however, a precise definition of political responsibility from this Commission.
People will not, however, understand why ten Socialists are to be represented when they ask what influence their votes have really had upon the composition of the European Commission.
The biggest problem for me and many others, however, is the proposed successor to Mrs Cresson.
First of all, however, allow me to turn again to the question of East Timor, a problem raised by Mr Barón Crespo, Mr Soares and many others.
As this is now the fourth time I have addressed this House, I am trying to avoid boring you by repeating the same things over and over again. Let me repeat, however, that I stand by what I said in my four previous speeches, which can be taken as a single statement of position.
Today, however, I wish to touch on a number of essential points.
Firstly, I would, however, like to congratulate you all on having been elected to Parliament, and I hope that you will succeed when you take on your new tasks in your careers and lives.
If the parties concerned are willing, it is however possible to find a solution which is satisfactory for both sides.
The results of the first Conference of Donors held on 28 July are, however, encouraging from this point of view.
Firstly, in the autumn, under the new agreement between official bodies, the letter of amendment is examined. This relates to expenditure connected with agriculture and with the agreement on fishing, so that it is possible to take account of new estimates on the need for grants without, however, excluding a reduction in the level of grants in terms of less agricultural expenditure.
Finally, however, I would like to draw your attention to an important inconsistency in the Council' s decision.
Owing to the different legal, administrative and technical barriers that exist, it is, however, still unduly difficult to make full use of one' s rights.
The creation of a European judicial area will be, however, one of the most important challenges for the Union in the next few years.
The discussion of the contents of the Charter of Fundamental Rights will, however, take place elsewhere, that is to say by the preparatory body established in respect of the Charter, and in which the European Parliament too will have an important role to play.
I would like to speak, anticipating a little bit, about the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference; this conference is actually already on course without us however knowing the exact conditions.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we hope that the participants at the Tampere Summit will remember that migratory movements, however relentless, form the basis of the history of humanity and are, in the long-term, the premise for its collective salvation.
Other than in this respect, however, both the report by the Council and the Commission and the proposal prepared by Mr Watson head off in a political direction.
At the moment, however, we must urgently take a position on the procedure to follow in order to draw up this Charter.
When voting was over, however, the terror that started came as a shock in terms of its violence.
I would, however, remind you that as President of the Commission, I will exercise my responsibilities to the full.
This does not mean, however, that they are set in stone.
I can, however, confirm that it is essential, particularly in public administrations, that members of staff have a duty to report alleged fraud, impropriety or irregularity.
I fear however we have failed as an institution in the manner in which we have scrutinised the Prodi Commission, which has been unstructured, insufficiently in-depth and inconsistent.
Other fundamental issues, however, such as the continuing phenomenon of ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, directed against the Serbian, Gypsy and Turkish communities, are not being addressed at all.
I would propose, however, that, in future, new members are quickly provided with the necessary information and training which will allow them to carry out their duties in the respective Committee and participate in voting.
Nor, however, have the Indonesian military leadership nor the Indonesian government kept their hands clean in this respect.
This is why there must be strong political will to support the international community' s next moves to ensure that Indonesia does not impose any conditions on the intervention by these forces and that, however serious the conflict in the region may be, the peace and security of the Timorese should be guaranteed, as well as the humanitarian aid and the development that Timor so desperately needs.
On the basis of the question, however, it would seem that this is more a case of a traffic accident, rather than a problem of action on the part of the Spanish police.
I would like, however, to stress that it is important that the demarcations regarding authority that exist between institutions and bodies in Europe are relatively clear so that each one knows its business and where its ultimate responsibilities lie.
At this stage, I should still not, however, be able to say that we can begin to talk about a common defence policy.
I hope, however, that we shall never find ourselves in a situation such as is described in the question.
It should, however, be possible to develop it further.
As the questioner pointed out, it is however also extremely important that this question not only be discussed within the European Union but also at international level and in conjunction with work being done by the United Nations.
Many of the regulations on bugging, however, are drafted by the Enfopol working party, which is under the control of parliamentary or political forces, but is concerned exclusively with police co-operation.
This does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Council, however, as the Honourable Member will certainly know.
The USA, however, retains the right to require EU citizens travelling to the USA to obtain a visa.
I do not, however, agree with the Presidency' s viewpoint that this is not a matter for the Council.
The Union will, however, determine its final position only after it has received further information and reports from the countries in question on the scope and consequences of the requests.
I must, however, say that many countries have by now already amended their legislation, so that land acquisition will at least be easier than before.
A few weeks later, however, EU trade ministers subsequently decided to remove workers' rights from the EU' s negotiating mandate.
The Council has, however, decided to return to the preparatory work in respect of the WTO' s third ministerial meeting in October this year, when the new round has been planned to start.
I would say to the Commissioner, however, that this is not how you combat fraud and mistakes.
It is perfectly understandable that today we are debating the economic reconstruction of Kosovo, which, however, is directly related not only to expediency policies of the Member States, but also to their efforts to distribute those funds set aside for the rebuilding of Kosovo to the various associations within the Member States.
I do understand the need for a stable currency, partly for the benefit of the work being done there. What I do not understand, however, is the penalisation of the dinar, the official currency of the state to which Kosovo still belongs.
These problems appear now to have been solved, however, just as the justified criticism by the Court of Auditors of the lack of supervision in implementing the old contracts has been removed.
At present, day-to-day deprivation must however be at least partly reduced by means of this programme.
Let us hope, however, that the signature of the memorandum in Sharm el-Sheikh will reinvigorate the peace process and ensure that the outstanding issues on final status are tackled without great delay.
The Eurocrats in office however, have absolutely no desire for a policy which would control immigration, even if this might one day allow them to prove their worth.
Complete freedom is granted in cases where it damages employment and society, but it is withheld however when it concerns the most basic sense of humanity.
I do not, however, support the idea of a federal Europe and do not therefore want to contribute to changes in the direction of qualified majority voting within significant areas.
The Commission is concerned, however, that the questions raised have been met by only routine denials and have not been properly addressed in Russia.
At the same time, however, we must remember that Russia' s leaders are primarily and directly responsible to their own people, the Russians themselves.
We can certainly see the reasons for this political crisis, but the situation will not be remedied with money, however much of it you heap on Russia.
In this situation, however, it is necessary to increase co-operation with Russia, and not terminate it.
Aid and assistance to Russia must, however, continue, but we have to learn from experience so that the operation may be as successful as possible.
Practical help can, however, ease some of the misery.
It has, however, not yet been possible to verify some of the most serious allegations concerning large-scale killings.
I would, however, like to mention something I have come across and which I feel should be resolved.
I think, however, we should take care not to put all the defects down to the architects, but we should rather look into our own court.
I put inverted commas around this, however the interpreters may translate these.
I do not, however, want what I fear you yourself want.
We hope however that these proposals are not just empty words.
Such action, which adds to monitoring and bureaucracy, must be totally transparent, however, so that everyone knows what is actually going on.
In the other areas, however, we do not have such controls.
Losses in the cattle and meat industry due to falling sales caused by constant public discussion of these matters are, however, unsustainable in the longer term.
It is, however, their duty to do this, and you, Mr Prodi, must convey this unpleasant news to the Member States.
It is still not perhaps perfect in every detail. We are, however, getting there.
For the consumer, however, this means that quality has its price and that food, including meat, should not be used, as it has been to date, as a lure in supermarkets.
In order to make this a priority, however, we need a series of actions which will cover the whole of the issue of safe food for European citizens and not just part of it.
Our support has not, however, always gone to the most effective interventions, and has not yet reached the level needed to have the impact required.
These additional resources may appear meagre in view of the problem; however, it should only be seen as an extra effort, providing a further catalyst to EU and global commitments to confront this devastating epidemic.
In Africa, however, all our worst fears as regards the disease have been realised and exceeded.
Medical treatments are certainly improving; however, they are not inexpensive and one year' s treatment for HIV illnesses costs an average of between IEP 12 000 - 14 000.
With my changes, I should also like, however, to go on emphasising that the Commission and the relevant States are obliged to comply with the rules for budget supervision and efficient administration.
Overall, there ought, however, to be agreement about the fact that aid is quickly needed for Bulgaria, Romania and Macedonia.
Support for lasting, successful development in the countries concerned is, however, urgently necessary.
With regard to Amendment No 3, however, I would like to make an additional point.
I am aware, however, that there is quite a lot of resistance in this area and that we are encountering opposition from industry and also from those who formulate agricultural policy. We should all be striving, however, to combine agricultural and energy policy in the sphere of renewable energy sources.
It is, however, at least in Finland, an important, sustainable, and slowly renewable source of energy.
I cannot, however, let the information that I have just received about the nuclear accident in South Korea go unrecognised.
On the other hand, however, this has enabled rapprochement and mutual understanding on both sides in precisely such difficult matters as the agreement on wines and spirits or some agricultural products.
The Agreement does, however, state that both parties reaffirm their attachment to the principles of good governance and sets this concept in the context of the essential element.
Experiences on other agreements have, however, taught us that it may very well be two or three years before the last EU Member State ratifies the Agreement.
Prime Minister Lipponen, however, refuses to let it be published in Finland.
So we have made these ten changes which are, however, of fundamental importance.
Here however, the administration has grown by a process of stratification and has not looked to the future.
The basic philosophy, however, seems to be this: there are some subjects which upset or violate competition and so we must have thorough harmonisation.
I would like to stress, however, a very important point - why have we done this?
I do not think, however, that the most important issue at this stage is where the agency should be located, because it has already been decided that it will be based provisionally in Lausanne, for two years, until a definitive decision is reached.
In this connection, it is worth noting, however, that the financial and institutional cooperation, which was agreed when the Customs Union agreement was made, has not come about in the way that was planned.
We have, however, noted with satisfaction a recent move on the part of the Turkish Government to implement democratic reforms and improve the situation regarding human rights.
This does not mean, however, that we agree with the delegate of the Finnish Presidency or with Mr Verheugen or with the joint motion for a resolution being tabled in the European Parliament.
If we vote in favour of the proposal of the Commission and the Council, then rest assured that this will not in itself encourage democratisation. It will, however, encourage Turkey to reinforce the current inhuman, objectionable policy it is pursuing and to intensify the incursions against Greece and the incursions against humanity.
Nonetheless, as a Member of Parliament of Kurdish origin, I advocate financial aid and economic cooperation, and I also support Turkey in its integration into the European Union, on condition, however, that the Helsinki conditions be fulfilled, i.e. the question of Cyprus, the human rights issues and the Kurdish question must be settled politically, capital punishment must be completely abolished and all prisoners must receive a general amnesty.
Turkey' s vocation within Europe, however, is a debate of great interest within the international community.
An autonomous policy on Turkey cannot, however, have Turkey' s accession to the European Union as its objective.
We cannot hide from the true situation of a country which, however, has always sided with NATO.
This is however conditional upon our not proceeding to the second step before taking the first, as one may already have supposed on many occasions today.
This responsibility cannot however involve our judging the current political strategy or the Palestinians and expressing our opinions on democratically elected politicians in Israel.
The Palestinian counterpart, however, is found in paragraph 8 in the form of a clear and unambiguous undertaking to fight terrorism.
There is, however, a very great deal which remains to be done.
The principle must, however, still be held to. Otherwise, there is unlikely to be any final resolution of this problem.
I am however in favour of giving the Commission and Council an orientation decision today by means of our vote, as to the direction they should move in.
We must remember, however, that the less developed countries are strongly opposed to the discussion of so-called standards of employment in the WTO.
There are still, however, some outstanding questions regarding the cooperation between the Council and the Commission, on the one hand, and with the European Parliament, on the other hand, within the scope of the Millennium Round.
It is clear, however, that if certain Member States, in the future too, oppose this proposal, we shall have to find alternatives.
The best thing, however, would be for all countries to do this at the same time. The next best thing would be for all EU Member States to do it at the same time.
I had intended to ask Commissioner Wallström a question about this. I do not, however, need to do this now because she has backed this point of view right from the beginning.
In the end, however, it will be a question of the values of life and policy.
We know however that there are strong forces which are prepared to cheat the system by means of any old agreements.
It is also clear, however, that it is not enough to exchange national statistics if we want to develop a specifically European method. We must also ensure that the definitions any such system is based upon can be compared between one country and another.
The work which has already been embarked upon within this field has, however, has revealed significant differences between the national systems for collecting statistics.
It is still not possible, however, to give any date for when everything will be ready.
With the Treaty of Amsterdam becoming effective on May 1 this year, the new Article 13 of the EU Treaty gives the Council the power, within the limits of power the Community is entrusted with under the Treaty, to take action to combat any form of discrimination inter alia discrimination based on sexual orientation without, however, limiting the application of other provisions in the Treaty.
It was the Council' s opinion that progress, however, had been insufficient in the areas of democratic development, human rights and the judicial system, especially regarding the separation of powers and the return of minority groups.
It noted, however, certain positive moves with regard to elections and the media.
It ought however to be noted that circumstances of the kind described in the Member' s question are a matter for the Member States.
In the end, however, it is always a matter for the individual nation state to guarantee that human rights and other fundamental rights are guaranteed in that country.
When it comes to the public debates which have already taken place in accordance with this principle, it must however be noted that a satisfactory start has been made.
At that time, I would, however, have wished for a similarly clear position from Mr Markov and others, although that is another story.
Irrespective of this, however, we must put a stop to this terrible campaign.
It is undeniable, however, that there are grounds for continued strengthening of the Code and its implementation.
In this connection, Lukashenko, however, must be the first one to set an example. Such an example would amount to him approving the 5 Million programme for civilian society in the event that the Commission were to travel to Minsk tomorrow.
We have tabled a motion for a resolution to underline the importance of these factors, factors which, however, were not mentioned once in the joint motion for a resolution.
We in the Liberal Group do not, however, consider that they are sufficiently at home with this issue.
As a former Japanese civil servant, and as a member of the Japanese delegation for the last 15 years, I wish to put on our record, however, our concern for the victims of this accident in Japan.
In this respect too, we are making serious concessions to American and liberal ideas which, however, have proved to be ineffective in terms of protecting the planet and to be unfair.
Europe has not been able to prevent the establishment of this principle in Kyoto, however it is in no way obliged to implement it in its own territory.
We must proceed, however, without further delay in order to avoid any ambiguity regarding our desire to cooperate fully in the more correct and rigorous way fraud will be investigated.
The Commission, however, did not draw up the definitive list of candidates in time.
Today, we can see that however one approaches these needs there is only a very approximate matching of budget estimates and actual requirements.
One condition of adequate administration, however, is that the division of labour and of responsibility of both Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee be clarified both interinstitutionally and with regard to the individuals involved.
The present administrative model, however, gives cause for criticism.
Every Member State, however, has had to radically reorganise personnel structures.
It is, however, too early to determine the total amount of aid appropriations required for the year 2000.
Thirdly: the aggregate figures also show, however, that ideas on budgetary appropriations, in particular those of the Council and Parliament, are still far removed from one another and, consequently, intensive debates lie before us in the coming weeks.
This merging must not, however, be grounds for a reduction in appropriations.
The financial assistance for East Timor and Turkey will, however, be more limited in scope.
These differences must not, however, be allowed to conceal - and I said earlier that I share the rapporteur' s opinion - the fact that more money must be made available for external policy because it is unacceptable to allow Kosovo to suffer on account of the developing countries.
Despite our attempts at restraint, there are many examples of dotting the "i" s and crossing the "t" s in the budget, including many good examples. I think that in principle, however, it is goals and frameworks we ought to be aiming for to as great an extent as possible.
The proposal of EUR 30 million in payment appropriations, however, seems insufficient to us.
It is clear however that the interinstitutional agreement itself provides for a review of the Financial Perspective if necessary.
We repeat however that we will have a political commitment on the part of the European Parliament to prioritise the funding of the said fisheries agreement.
Finally, provision is also made for the promotion of the labelling. The Commission, however, is actually proposing to defer the implementation of labelling for one year, making the promotion of this non-existent product completely useless.
Furthermore, we can only regret the re-orientation which involves favouring aid to States rather than to NGOs, especially the organisations of the South which are, however, known to be more effective and which make it possible to really target society.
The worst that can happen, however, is that Parliament' s position on financing for the programmes remains unclear; that can be used against Parliament.
The major items have undergone some changes, but they are not yet at the level of a structure free of conditioning, which may vary in nature: there is national conditioning which, however, is acceptable in part, conditioning by sector, not to mention by corporation, which is less acceptable, and by lobbies, categories, individuals and structures.
While we do not agree at all with some of the programming choices, we will, however, accept them on one condition - that expenditure is subjectively and overall, individually and collectively useful.
I am confident, however, that we can achieve this in the course of next year.
The publication of such data, however, would, in our view, be misleading since the single monetary policy cannot be directed at country-specific situations.
The main guiding principle within the Eurosystem with reference to the provision of emergency liquidity to individual financial institutions is that the competent national central bank would be responsible for providing such assistance to those institutions operating within its jurisdiction. The ECB does, however, have to be informed of this in a timely manner.
The ECB will, however, closely monitor further developments in this area and will inform the European Parliament and the general public about the progress achieved.
The amendment from the EPP, however, clarifies the paragraph and should, in our view, be supported.
I would, however, like to say on behalf of our group that we consider the fundamental conditions to be sacrosanct.
Confronted with this - I do not know how to describe it exactly - this "Bank State" or this "Holy Bank" , the Vice-President of which, Mr Noyer, recently explained to us ingratiatingly, but in English, how responsible it felt for the long term whilst governments, on the other hand, gave in to short term whims because they were subject to the vagaries of universal suffrage. Confronted, then, with the omnipotence of this Bank, the excellent report by our fellow Member, Mr Huhne, calls for greater transparency, without however daring to go as far as demanding of you what might pass for exhibitionism, that is to say, ceasing to maintain anonymity regarding decisions.
I would however like to specify that throughout this probationary period the Bank experienced fair weather, economically speaking.
Building up its status and obtaining the confidence of markets will, however, take time, and we here in the European Parliament cannot presume that everything will happen in an instant.
In the long term, however, I hope that transparency is fully realised at every stage, in this regard also.
The ECB may also comment on this information, but their analysis must, however, be left to national decision-makers.
The Commission is being asked, however, to draft within one year an announcement on the creation of a common asylum procedure and on a common status for those granted asylum throughout the Union.
Over the next few years, however, we require a broader debate within the Union on what sort of European Union we actually need, in order to be able to respond better to the challenges that lie ahead.
In this connection our group would like to say that legal cooperation must, however, lead the way for cooperation, and it is with satisfaction that it welcomes the cooperation of prosecuting authorities in the Eurojust scheme.
The decisions are, however, just words on paper.
It is very important that the common EU asylum system - which ought, however, to be a single system and incorporate EU funding - should not be based on the lowest common denominator.
It is concerned, however, at the grey areas which remain on this matter.
What we can state, however, is that there have been many small successes and instances of progress.
We must realise, however, that our work is just beginning and the biggest challenges still lie ahead.
If we are talking about creating an area of freedom, security and justice, however, we must recognise that these are the people to whom justice is most regularly denied.
At the same time, I should like to ask the Presidency of the Council to abide by the bill and give the Commission the chance, however, to submit, in preparation for the Intergovernmental Conference, its own proposal for how working methods might most sensibly be put into practice.
It is, however, only an evaluative instrument and can only go so far towards achieving the goal of a European Union governed by the rule of law.
The principle of mutual recognition, accepted in Tampere, must, however, in future, be supplemented by a degree of harmonisation within the field of criminal law as well.
I am of the view, however, that, without such a sharing of the load, a common policy on asylum and refugees would be something which might be likened to a large roof erected only with a single supporting wall somewhere on the perimeter.
It is not unnecessary to seek to improve the system of strengthened cooperation, without however taking the slightest risk, I am absolutely sure, of the acquis communautaire becoming "unravelled" in some way or other.
Apart from the usual federalist clichés, the report does, however, tentatively sketch out one new idea, the idea of the institutional flexibility required in an enlarged Europe.
The specific answers that Mr Patten has just given this Parliament are, however, in stark contrast with the overwhelming silence on the part of the Council.
The development of cooperation must not, however, lead to an increase in regulation.
I regret, however, that the ECB does not follow the high standards of transparency and openness set by the Bank of England.
I regret, however, that for most asylum-seekers, the only way to get into the Union is still an illegal one.
The requirement for greater competitiveness of firms, especially in the era of globalisation of the economy must, however, be able to combine the necessary flexibility within companies with the security of workers.
The European Union has a number of directives for doing this which, however, are being applied all too cautiously here.
We are discussing minimum amounts for research here. Having new and efficient products, however, is precisely what the consumer values.
It is, however, certain that this will be one of the areas in which the European Parliament will be playing a pivotal role.
All of that is of little consequence, however, in terms of the geopolitical challenge that confront us, consisting of monitoring as efficiently as possible the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction.
One of the problems of economic activity, however, is that bartering still plays too large a part in commerce.
The Russian leadership, however, apparently fears it is losing those regions whose population is mainly made up of ethnic and religious minorities.
They should, however, realise that a country' s sovereignty cannot be secured through military force.
I believe, however, that the war in Chechnya should not be seen either as a purely regional conflict or as a purely religious dispute.
I must say that the report by the Finnish Presidency is a mockery of the facts, however they are described.
Before the programme is implemented, we must, however, be clear about what sort of sports the Youth programme funds may be spent on.
Allow me to make a comment: debates about cultural policy - a handful of people are present who are, however, by and large like-minded.
At the same time, however, it must be remembered that savings should not be made in the wrong areas.
The heading did, however, present a problem and, as you so rightly say, we shall be voting on it separately.
The principal task, however, still lies ahead of us, namely that of persuading the Council.
It is, however, possible for everyone to agree that, despite this different interpretation, it is appropriate to vote separately on the part which is controversial.
To this end it will also be necessary, however, for the administrations of the Union and national states to be structured more effectively.
Indeed I believe that, even though it would be inappropriate to challenge the idea of international free trade, it should however now be forced to take account of a number of unquantified costs imposed on society in Europe.
This contribution would be one element, but no doubt not the only one, in a system for balancing out social costs so as to better regulate international trade between heterogeneous areas, without however depriving us of the advantages of free trade.
Mr President, I wish to speak in favour of the report by Mr Hatzidakis, simply because we do need regulations on the transportation of dangerous goods in Europe. I would, however, add at the same time that this report also describes the tense relationship of road and rail.
I would like, however, to make some comments about what has been said in the debate.
I am pleased, however, that this debate is taking place today instead of being, as is usually the case, one of the last items on the agenda of the last day of one of our Strasbourg part-sessions.
As far as I am concerned, however, this issue has not been voted on at all since many Members were unable to participate in the voting.
The tragic fact, however, is that those people who are affected today were most probably infected in the mid eighties to early nineties.
I would, however, like to clarify a few things.
We are not, however, carrying out inspections only in Great Britain but in other countries as well so as to guarantee this at a European level too.
This Protocol is significant for the EU, however, from the budgetary viewpoint alone.
An international framework is necessary, however, otherwise the fear remains that Angola could abuse the close season to the detriment of the EU.
What the Protocol lacks, however, is precise information on the state of fish stocks in Angola.
The results of the negotiations should be supported however and should serve as a basis for a comprehensive Protocol or a new fisheries agreement in the future.
This year, however, the Community and Angola will be able to redefine the future framework of their fishing relations, as has been proposed by Angola.
We should, however, choose the most suitable form for this.
I believe, however, the clarifications that are asked for by the French authorities are not unreasonable.
It is, however, vital that those who make decisions on economic policy - especially on monetary policy - can feel confident.
Mr President, the declarations on employment from the European Union Summit meetings are continuing at a steady pace. With the same steady pace, however, mass unemployment, underemployment and part-time employment are also continuing to torment the working people of Europe.
This, however, is the direction in which we are inexorably heading.
I am obliged to confirm, however, that the European Council at Cologne very explicitly limited the number of participants in the dialogue proper, and that the country which holds the presidency of the Council cannot but comply with this restriction.
It does not present itself, however, as some fundamental reduction in unemployment.
For now, however, I can thoroughly commend the common position in relation to the enforcement of seafarers' hours at work on board ships using Community ports.
The Council, however, has accepted a transitional period of 13 years, I repeat 13 years!
The sectors, however, are very complex indeed and especially with regard to road transport, it is extremely regrettable that no agreement has been reached.
May I take the opportunity, however, to denounce the unacceptable situation on ships at present.
I would, however, like to say something about the centrepiece of the strategy - the voluntary agreements between the Commission and the car industry.
Your question, Mrs Palacio, highlights, however, quite rightly so far as I am concerned, the increasing significance of measures and initiatives of a non-legislative nature which need to ensure that the agreed rules function well in practice.
This situation cannot hide the fact however that this is really simply a document of intentions, which we take note of. Meanwhile, we will wait to see whether these intentions become concrete measures, commitments which involve a time scale for their implementation.
In the dim and distant past, I myself have been involved in policies on competition in the capacity of minister in the Dutch government. Not wishing, however, to encroach too much on the remit of my colleague, Mr Monti, I will not go into this issue any further.
I had already raised this point and the President has kindly sent me a reply which, however, I do not believe conforms to the Rules of Procedure because, if the Rules of Procedure says one week, then one week cannot be understood to mean seven working days.
Existing or new models for taxes on energy consumption should, however, be checked to see whether they are appropriate for maintaining balanced social security systems in the long run.
The Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party is not, however, in favour of the employment guidelines' containing demands that the various countries organise their employment initiatives in accordance with a specific template and in terms of heavy-handed numerical objectives.
European employment strategy, however, in the form in which it has been laid down, has been progressively implemented since the Luxembourg Summit and is characterised by dubious ideological foundations and a not particularly dynamic conception of institutional practices.
We still think, however, that increased clarity in a number of areas would be no bad thing.
I want, however, to concentrate mainly upon the social security systems.
It is, however, also essential, as Anna Van Lancker has already said, to have specific, measurable benchmarks for the guidelines.
The Member States should, however, interpret this to mean that the main part of the programmes should not be based on past activities but on those which aim primarily at achieving a capacity to create.
The framework exists, however, for bringing about change.
Mrs Smet did, however, request that she might be given the floor in order to propose, I believe, that the vote be postponed until the Strasbourg part-session. I shall give her the floor immediately.
I am convinced that the citizens of Europe would not be able to grasp why, however well-meant our intentions, we are today approving an agreement when the Russian Federation is bombing Chechnya and even preventing helpless refugees from fleeing.
Because I, for reasons of principle, oppose quantitative objectives as part of the employment strategy, I could not, however, support the objective of reducing the difference in wages by a certain percentage within a period of five years (Amendment No 22).
All this can only succeed sufficiently well, however, if the action required under the directive is taken as quickly as possible.
We must not however draw up proposals in such a way that they contain aspects which are bad for the environment.
My group, however, is of the opinion that the Member States that are behind in this respect should be encouraged to bring their legislation up-to-date.
I do not wish to return to this topic, but I would like, however, to express a certain amount of satisfaction, despite the change to the legal basis, that the Commission and the Council have in any case adopted some elements which are extremely important to us.
A year on, however, the Council has not even considered this directive.
They were, however, directly related to the completion of the internal market.
The cornerstone of the system of own resources is still, however, the percentage a member pays out of GNP.
It is important, however, that the new system outlined in the report should come into effect in all respects from the beginning of 2007.
We are opposed to the Haug Report, however, when it proposes to gradually reduce the system' s dependence on Member States' contributions and to achieve financial autonomy in the long term.
In addition, however, certain adjustments have been improved and rendered more functional, without detracting from their efficiency.
I realise that my report is far from perfect and that numerous other changes could have been included; however, I fear that Parliament finds the word discipline somewhat disagreeable.
As far as I know, however, the Commission has not yet reached a formal decision itself and rumour even has it that the Commission is to decide on a list today that now comprises only four names.
The environment is, however, not the main objective of an energy policy, - and should not be.
At the same time, we must, however, acknowledge that the demands concerning the Union' s energy policy are partly contradictory.
Reform must, however, be based on the notion that there will be no increase in the overall burden of taxation for European industry.
It is, however, very general in nature, and I would like to touch on something fairly concrete in this issue.
One additional point, however: a common environmental tax for the whole of Europe must become a reality.
We consider however that the proposal to regulate Sunday working, originally a proposal from the Group of the European People' s Party, is unjustified.
We think, however, that EU legislation must respect the structures and traditions in the national labour markets.
The rapporteur has, however, has started on the path of one-upmanship, and, in supporting 47 amendments, he was taking the risk of causing a delay in the entry into force of the best terms of this text.
The directive is a good directive; however, it needs to be more daring if it is to pave the way, in the foreseeable future, for a single European family law which takes account of the huge social, economic and cultural changes which are the order of our day.
At the same time, however, Mrs Prammer' s office assures me that she did inform you of the unresolved safety issues relating to Bohunice V1.
These will not prove successful, however, because I fully agree with the Austrian position that we should try to achieve something even better.
I see no alternative other than, where we are dealing with power stations which we want to shut down but which, for the political reasons mentioned, we ourselves are unable to shut down, doing something to at least remedy the most serious safety defects, however difficult and complicated that might be.
In this instance, however, the German authorities have not declared that they will not lift the ban.
In Germany' s case also, however, there is now a need for positive action to lift the ban.
What worries me is that the request for European undertakings to be exempted from the scope of this criminal legislation, however beneficial this may in fact be to European undertakings, fails to solve the problem.
To date, the Commission has not actually received reports of any threats or harassment of EU companies with interests in Kosovo by the KLA; however, if that were to happen, it would be brought to the attention of UNMIK and KFOR immediately.
Let me remind you, however, that this decision is a procedural one, since the Member States must be consulted via the committees, in accordance with the Regulations, before the final decision of the Commission may be taken.
It is now really however a question of translating words into action.
This means that the Millennium Round must not create a global cartel authority. It must, however, subject domestic competition rules to monitoring.
It is to be supposed, however, that many decisions will remain to be taken at the Ministerial Conference itself.
New subjects would not, however, be included in the negotiations package.
I am, however, pleased that French demands regarding cultural diversity and social standards have been taken into account.
On the other hand, however, the self-same rapporteur contradicts her own desire for economy by calling, on the lines of the Berlin Council of March 1999, for the creation of new autonomous own resources, i.e. to put it plainly, European taxes.
They do not, however, offer structural solutions to the problem of net contributions.
We, however, support a continuous involvement of the national parliaments in financing the EU.
Amendment 31, part 2, and amendment 32, however, mitigate this position with the addition of the term "from now on" .
The European Commission is, however, taking advantage of this opportunity to introduce new regulations which represent a new vision of budgetary discipline and which extend its administrative powers, and this is something we cannot accept.
The Nordic Green Left rejects, however, the idea that the proposal should be in the form of a regulation.
These proposals, however, will begin to replace heartbreak with hope.
In fact, given the challenges before us, it is clear that the next Round cannot be limited to simply widening the regulatory framework, however important that may be, nor must it only ensure that trade liberalisation contributes to economic and social growth in the less developed countries, although I share fully in that desire. Rather, it must also establish rules which will lead to the opening up of markets and guarantee compliance with them.
What we should be demanding, however, is that the ground rules governing world trade must be focused upon the needs of people here in Europe and in developing countries.
In a situation in which the level of aid is declining, I find it difficult to see, however, how this is going to be the case if we do not see a radical change.
The opposite may, however, also apply, mainly because our economic framework is not good at taking due account of environmental consequences.
I should like, however, to emphasise that these are not only ACP countries but that there are also many countries outside the ACP area to which we must provide better support.
At the same time, however, such an increase in the number of actors on the European stage would throw up institutional problems and produce considerable operational weaknesses if relevant measures and radical reforms of the present system were not implemented in good time before enlargement.
This is necessary because of the forthcoming enlargement. The reform is also necessary, however, due to the fact that now, for the time being, eleven countries have a common monetary policy.
Let me speak, however, of the progress that has been made during the Finnish Presidency in preparations for the Intergovernmental Conference in 2000.
We must bear in mind, however, that the institutions can also be reformed without amending the Treaties.
My group considers, however, that some things must be explained more clearly and has tabled some amendments to this end, which I hope will arouse the interest of this House.
In those areas, however, Parliament must obtain the right to participate in decision making and, in addition, the right to full decision-making powers where the agricultural budget is concerned.
Out of consideration for our neutral Members, Article 5 may only, however, be regularised in the framework of a protocol to the Treaty so that each country can decide for itself whether or not it wants to accede to this part.
Views differ, however, as to whether that second part should be amendable by a simplified procedure.
The debate ought not however to be carried on in isolation behind closed doors.
This IGC, however, opens up a narrow historical window enabling what is essential to meet up with what is possible.
I would like to say however that I do not think that this reorganisation should lead to a change in the Union' s or the Community' s current competences.
It has not had time, however, to be reflected in the amendments that our Group has tabled for this report.
On account of the problems entailed in legitimising an area or a market without the structure of a State, the attempt does need, however, to be made to inspire such enthusiasm.
As the following question referred to a rail connection between France and Spain in the Pyrenees, I would, however, like to say that this rail connection is not at present part of the Trans-European Network, as approved by the European Parliament and the Council in 1996.
I believe however that, in the future, we are going to see a development of the kind which the Member predicts in his question.
A common position by the Union, however, urges Member States to maintain relations with all Afghan groups.
My question, however, was different and was about past results.
I must say, however, that the fight against drugs is, for all that, so important that it cannot be said that resources invested in this work are too great.
As I see it, there is, however, no special legal reason for requiring applicant countries to take measures such as those described, but political realities may be the basis for making certain demands.
As the Union considers humanitarian factors to be very important, however, and does not accept that the deeds of leaders should mean that ordinary citizens have to suffer, it has embarked on a trial project, whereby heating oil will be delivered on a trial basis to Nis and Pirot, but possibly later on to other places as well.
What we do say, however, is that the unsuitable migration policy has led to social problems in conurbations, which we as serious politicians should not ignore.
Let me say straight away, Mr President, that we approve and endorse the Commission' s programme; however we have formulated a number of reservations, the same reservations formulated by the Commission itself, as regards the inadequate evaluation of programmes and more general shortcomings in relation to the threat which actually exists.
I shall, however, not let my own Parliament make me into an official.
They will, however, be voting against the Napolitano report.
For example, the final mandate granted by the Council on 22 October, makes no mention of defending the principle of Community preference, a principle which had however been adopted by the Agriculture Council of the 27 September, which was itself only partly satisfactory since it omitted the principle of Europe' s autonomy in terms of foodstuffs.
This problem, however, cannot be solved by unilateral restriction of the EU Member States alone.
This does not however alter our general view of the report.
Thirdly: The main question is, however, where did they get this problem from?
That means however good intentions are now there is bound to be a risk of failures.
As the Group of the Greens, we have taken note of these events, as well as the somewhat half-hearted wording of this resolution, which, however, we consider it important to adopt, at least in order to indicate that there is a problem that we must continue to be active on.
Therefore, it seems to me that the Council' s proposal to the United Nations, however important and positive the initiative may be, is very timid because calls on those States which retain the death penalty - and I quote - "to progressively restrict the number of crimes for which it is imposed" .
The collective rape which has been committed against the Kosovan Albanian people cannot however justify the actions which have been reported on against civilians belonging to, among other groups, the Serbian minority, but also other minorities.
A Burundi representative, however, lodged objections and after that, we had to use the term "inquiry" .
The way in which these positive elements are formulated, however, leaves too much scope for opposing interpretations.
We had of course heard that there were such things as drugs, but they were substances we were unfamiliar with and had never encountered. It was said however that some people got their doctors to supply them with substances they would otherwise not have had access to.
The main point, however, was that we did not see any need for them.
Unfortunately, however, Mr Prodi denied that he was talking about the Netherlands.
The question remains, however, why this programme is not clearly aiming to achieve the hidden goals.
I should, however, like to mention one point with which we are not happy.
We take a favourable view of the desire that now exists to carry out assessments in such a way that differentiation takes place on the basis of how risks and financing opportunities appear in different parts of the world. It is also important, however, not only to make improvements to the programmes themselves.
In any case, the debate has been enormously interesting and I hope that what I have heard today will not be an obstacle, however, so that we can move forward with the approval of the distribution of resources, the distribution of loans, as from next year and that Community procedures are not delayed.
The rules will, however, be useless unless they are actually effective.
This sector, which may, in the overall scheme of things, seem a rather marginal one, does however play a crucial role in the balance of the economic and social fabric of our coastal regions.
The debts, however, were guaranteed, so that the International Monetary Fund sent South Korea money to pay off the American banks.
The subject that will surely live on after the Helsinki Summit is, however, concrete decisions on a common security arrangement.
If we want to make ourselves clear and if we want to stop bandying words and leading Turkey up the garden path, then we should send it a signal which says that, of course, Turkey will not be discriminated against, that goes without saying; however, we need to be clear as to what Turkey' s future within Europe will actually entail.
When we speak of security, peace and stability in Europe, we should not forget, however, the factors that have an impact on internal security in society.
Wishes for the future ought not, however, to be allowed to outstrip the historic task of taking advantage now of the historical opportunity to unify the whole of Europe.
This first annual report, however, already includes a section that discusses EU action to prevent racism within the EU' s own territory.
Of all the human rights, however, it is freedom of speech that holds a special position, as without free and independent communication the other human and fundamental rights cannot be established and even serious violations of human rights, such as crimes against humanity, cannot be effectively exposed.
I agree, however, with Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra that these reports are part of a larger pattern in our relationship with Turkey.
It is, however, important that we point this out at the present time.
In the case of forest fires, however, very little can be done.
It is, however, clear that the ease with which problems can be tackled depend to some extent on climate.
We do agree, however, that conditions for obtaining a derogation should be made more clear and be tightened.
It does not, however, feel that it can support a temporary limit value of 10 micrograms per cubit metre without information on feasibility.
It does not, however, accept that part of the amendment that would require Member States to make lists of organisations that get information and send them to the Commission.
The documentation referred to in Annex 4, part three, is, however, highly technical and potentially voluminous.
The Commission does not, however, accept Amendment No 13.
It thinks, however, that the additional requirement that at least half the stations should be traffic-oriented is over-prescriptive.
The Commission considers, however, that in the case of the annual average limit value for benzene, it is possible to demand a higher standard of accuracy equal to that set for continuous monitoring.
This strategy is certainly a logical one because we know that about half of all CO2 emissions are caused by traffic; however, we should also note that about 12% of all CO2 emissions are emitted in the European Union and about 88% in the rest of the world.
The year by which this objective is to be achieved, namely 2010, has however been left out of the European Parliament' s Amendment.
Now would not be the appropriate time, however, to introduce the technical preparations for such legislation.
It remains important, however, that everyone is informed of these directives and, above all, that they can apply them.
I do hope, however, that in the short term, the same warning panel will be used across the board.
First of all, I would like to thank the rapporteur for the work he has done. What did occur to me, however, even as a new Member, was that the original proposals have been toned down quite considerably and that he is actually deeply regretful, despite what has been achieved.
It is, however, important to appreciate that there remain a very great many problems within the framework of Annex 4.
Quite recently, however, extensive new data has been collected covering areas right in the vicinity of the coastline, in the shallow coves of the Baltic.
One thing must be made clear at the same time, however, and that is that all these actions must go hand in glove with strict control and monitoring measures. I think that this would be a positive starting point for numerous sectors in the future.
Mr García-Margallo, as you know, and however important what you have said may be, this debate is clearly not on the Agenda, and I must keep to the Agenda.
This false assumption, which is still very much prevalent because the exchange rate between the euro, the dollar and the yen has, I regret to say, developed rather differently than appeared would be the case on 4 January, must not, however, lead to a situation in which erroneous ideas as to the value of the euro hold sway.
We cannot, however, underestimate how important it is for the citizens of Europe to be prepared for the change.
There are, however, some areas in which we continue to have doubts.
As far as producers' organisations are concerned, it is true that we need to make them more responsible, as regards both the organisation of the market and the efficient management of resources; however, it would be appropriate - and in this respect I stress the relevance of Amendment No 67, tabled by my political group - for the Member States to be able to grant additional aid to producers' organisations that develop measures which valorise the species caught and measures to adapt supply to demand through structural actions of the FIFG.
Let us not forget, however, that this reform will have consequences for the fisheries sector.
This explanation of vote does not, however, alter the attitude we expressed earlier regarding the European Parliament' s discussion of the report from Messrs Dimitrakopoulos and Leinen concerning the preparations for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference.
The poor level of preparation on the part of the WTO, but also the tactics of the United States and other countries, did not, however, permit a successful conclusion.
When it comes to the failure in Seattle, I do not however believe that we should "cry over spilled milk" , as we say in Sweden.
The EU will, however, be capable of winning a majority on the proposal for a permanent WTO and ILO forum, on questions of fundamental rights and on rules of the social market economy.
This did serve to show me, however, that what we actually wanted out of this world trade round was not at all clear and transparent either.
I do, however, believe that part of the problem lies here.
We must still, however, be quite aware that all this will not prove easy and that it will be necessary, at some point, either to be more convincing or to be more active.
Firstly, the court is of the opinion that, overall, the accounts reliably reflect the Community's revenue and expenditure and the financial situation at the end of the year, subject, however, to certain qualifications concerning the omissions of debts and potential liabilities, overstatements of outstanding commitments and the presentation of advances as definite payments.
Apart from these points, however, the Court is of the opinion that the European Development Fund accounts are reliable and the underlying transactions legal and regular.
I am a little surprised, however, that the Court of Auditors should again have volunteered a remark about the feta issue.
The pluralism of cultures and world views means, however, that greater mutual understanding and thus more knowledge about others is required, which means that information needs to be exchanged.
I do not, however, wish to congratulate the Council because I feel that there has been no response from the Council in terms of the generosity needed for future programmes.
In this context however, I would like to say a few words which should be included in the Minutes rather than disappear into thin air.
I do not believe, however, that we have fully discharged our responsibilities here for the near future. Precisely the opposite is true.
This ought not however to deflect the Commission from taking the lead in pressing for change or to deter the European Parliament from calling upon the Commission to do so.
We can, however, also be grateful to the Council for accepting the essential points contained in the proposal.
I should like to express my thanks to Mr Rothley, the rapporteur, for preparing this report so thoroughly and for taking the initiative - it was of course also Parliament from whom the initiative came at that time - but I would, however, also like to thank the Commission and the Council for agreeing to this in principle.
So too, however, have the substances we use today, a fact of which we are well aware.
The discussion of this matter has, however, been delayed.
In general, it is a question of an approach, or rather, a commendable intention consistent with the Montreal Protocol which, however, at the same time, does not take some facts into account: firstly, the fact that the other countries that are signatories of the Protocol, including the United States, anticipate longer time periods for ending the production of hydrochlorofluorocarbons; secondly, hydrochlorofluorocarbons are, given the current state of knowledge, the only real alternative in the field of fire-fighting, to halogens, the main destroyers of the ozone layer, which are still widely used in developing countries.
It should be pointed out, however, that this solution is not a precondition of Cyprus' accession.
The action Russia has taken is, however, contrary to international humanitarian law and is in violation of the obligations that Russia, as a member of the OSCE and the Council of Europe, agreed to honour regarding human rights.
In the conclusions on taxation, however, it was reconfirmed that people residing in the Member States of the Union would have to pay tax on all income from savings.
My group, however, again wishes to stress the importance that this should be seen in the context of a strong Atlantic Alliance.
One of the problems as I see it, however, is in relation to the human rights of the various minorities within the Union, especially with regard to freedom of worship.
The problems which have arisen over the last few days between two of our States, however deep-seated they may be, and regardless of their human and economic implications, will not prove exceptions to this rule. I am convinced that they will succumb to this desire to reach a conclusion based on consensus.
All three together may have an historic dimension; however, they may also jeopardise the political project called Europe if we fail to answer the question of where overstretching may mark the end of political union and when the incapacity to act cannot be rectified.
We think, however, that the maximum figure is right for the year 2000, which is what we now have to decide on.
I believe, however, that our common goal is to give the people of Kosovo the aid they urgently require without any undue delay.
We do not think, however, that the ceiling for category 4 would need to be amended permanently, but rather by means of a flexibility instrument.
EUR 60 million from the Obnova programme and EUR 20 million from the ECHO programme was already included in your first reading, however, and that would be used for Kosovo in any case.
In the reading of next year' s budget, however, a position has to be taken on the change which was not in the original estimate.
We cannot nor must not, however, leave disciplined budgetary policy to the responsibility of the Committee on Budgets: it is naturally the Council of Presidents and the chairmen of the political groups that bear the greatest responsibility, especially where Parliament is concerned.
We join forces, however, with the position of the Committee on Budgets and I wish my fellow Members on that committee good luck in the forthcoming three-way dialogue.
Given the major consequences which this case might have, the Commission will, however, continue to monitor the process and the dossier will not be closed before the Commission has ascertained that the principles of transparency and equal treatment are upheld.
But I should add this: however much one invests in the infrastructure - and we will be looking at specific pledges at the donors' conference early in the new year - however much one spends on infrastructure, what is crucial is to encourage greater and freer trade between the countries of the region, and even in one or two countries within the countries of the region.
It is, however, necessary, so as to prevent developing countries from being presented with the bill, to use margins from categories other than foreign expenditure.
I am not an economist, I am a politician; however, I would just like to make mention of the exceptional work of Mr Bourlanges and the other corapporteurs which I hope will help in reviewing certain issues so that we can assess the extent to which the Commission implements those political decisions in the budget and whether their implementation does in fact achieve the desired results.
Now, however, we need to restore the confidence of the citizens of Europe in careful spending by the EU.
We may feel extremely brave when we are about to cut off aid. At the same time, we must recognise, however, although we do not say it straight out as the Council does, that there are many in Russia who want us to stop providing the TACIS aid.
You have been informed before me; however, as soon as I have the communication, I will, of course, make you and all the Members in the House aware of it.
The problem is scarcely one of people' s not being aware of climate change. What is in fact missing, however, is the concrete implementation of measures to combat this.
In order to honour its obligations under the Kyoto Protocol, the EU must, however, be involved in promoting renewable energy and seeking environmentally correct solutions so that the present level of CO2 emissions is reduced.
It is also true, however, that Europe itself has done little or nothing to achieve the targets that were set.
The time for real action has not yet got under way, however, nor has it even begun.
We have made climate change into a concept which is politically correct and which is to be found in wordings, in documents and at the top of agendas. Unfortunately, however, we can see how the trends are in quite the wrong direction.
I should like to refer to some of the action taken by the Commission; however, I would stress that there is, I believe, a great deal of room for further mobilisation by both the Commission and the Member States and, of course, a special policy to support these issues is needed, both in the run up to the conference and afterwards, within the fifth women' s action plan.
Openness and political responsibility, however, should be top of the agenda.
Commissioner Byrne will, however, be arriving in Strasbourg later this afternoon, and will be in a position to take any questions when he speaks on the draft regulation on the labelling of beef products.
Unfortunately, however, this reassurance did not prove sufficient to allow the French authorities to lift their ban.
The opinion of AFFSA on the memo, however, again did not prove sufficient for the French authorities to lift the ban.
I propose that we continue the debate. We will ask our colleagues to interrupt their confabulation which is, however, connected with the agenda problems which have arisen due to the adjournment of the current debate.
I should like to thank the Council representative for her reply to my question; however, I fear that my approach to this issue has not been understood.
In practice, however, matters proceed in such a way that each successive Presidency makes its own schedule for its forthcoming term.
It is clear, however, that the organisation of Council meeting timetables has to be looked at seriously.
As a result of a mix-up amongst the Groups in this Parliament, and we think that this was more a matter of procedure than a disagreement over the content of the motion, it was not included in this debate. In later sittings, however, we will insist on attention being given to the importance of this issue, which has been well highlighted in the reply of the representative of the Council.
I want to use this point of view to draw your attention to the fact that, when the political decision to enlarge the European Union was taken in Helsinki a few days ago, the political criteria of the Europe of the 15 were included, the Copenhagen criteria, were included, and rightly so; however, you should take account of the fact that there are problems in the new applicant countries which did not apply in the past to the fifteen.
The practice, which exists in one or more Member States, would, however, be quite difficult to transfer to a Community court, without making agreement on decisions harder as a result of the change.
The Industry Committee, however, has incorporated a few more amendments and I hope that they can be conciliated swiftly because the SMEs are desperate for the entry into effect of this directive, but quality should come before speed.
They should, however, have been aware of how the situation was developing and I am sure a few telephone calls would soon have put the Commission in the picture.
When we talk about public health, however, I must however say that we still have a number of problems with the results of the seventeen scientific investigations which were not able to distinguish the naturally produced BST hormones from the artificially manufactured ones.
Strictly speaking, however, they should be here for their name to be read out.
In certain cases, however, there were less than welcome consequences for those Budget items affected by reductions.
What is really important, however, is that we should together fight for the right to do this.
This measure, however, will help allow small businesses to fight back.
We should never forget, however, where ultimate responsibility for this crisis lies.
While the Tories continue to play politics, however, Labour continues to work, with the support of the NFU, to get the ban lifted.
We agree specifically however with paragraph nos 19 to 27 (competitive economy and employment) and nos 29 to 34 (environment, public health and combating organised crime and drugs).
Books are cultural assets, writing is the first recorded form of the language, of linguistic identity, and I think that, however important it is to comply with competition standards, the cultural aspect must be considered equally important and given equal status.
That should not mean, however, that we regard art and culture as purely economic factors.
I do not understand, however, why Article 81 is valid for culture, but Article 151 is not valid for competition.
It is not enough, however; a European cultural policy is missing.
Since words are not enough, however, and actions are required, we earnestly request that measures be adopted and means provided that will allow compliance with the agreement.
Unfortunately, however, we did not see the abolition of the death penalty in the UN in 1999.
It is, however, unfortunate, how this came about.
The approval of this resolution may be a step - however small - in that direction.
What is absolutely obvious to any impartial observer, however, is that, in this case, the intention has been precisely to prevent the investigation of corruption with the collaboration, furthermore, of the Sandinistas, and to get rid of the person who was going to be leader of the opposition in the Republic of Nicaragua.
Mr President, Commissioner, I, of course, support the joint motion for a resolution tabled by my fellow Members. I must, however, return your attention to the floods which have occurred in my region, the South of France.
The motions to support farmers in the form of disaster aid can, however, be examined within the framework of Article 33 of Regulation (EC) No 1257/99 of 17 May 1999 on support for rural development from the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund.
One point should be made, however; the process is not ideal.
It does, however, go some way towards meeting European Parliament requirements.
The Commission cannot, however, accept Amendment No 4, even in its new, modified version.
Hops are not a typical enough example for us to understand the importance of the common agricultural policy for farmers in the European Union. They do, however, show the extent to which it actually helps our farmers.
According to Article 18 of the proposal, we shall, however, be presenting, by 1 September 2000, a thorough assessment of the situation regarding the production and marketing of hops.
In practice, however, this method does not work, as we have since found out in Turkey and Russia.
I should point out, however, that these developments mark only the beginning of the democratisation process.
The Commission cannot, however, accept the proposals regarding that part of the aid relating to subsidies.
A further reduction may, however, occur over the next few years if the aid is implemented as planned.
